it is June 1920 and you
are all walking up the gangplank to the
RMS minnow yeah it is not the it is the
are Lanza it is a Roy so RMS is Royal
Mail service, a Steam
Packet company. it's not the fanciest ocean
liner out there it
saw service in the Great War as a
military ship and was recently
decommissioned and has gone back to
carrying passengers it's gonna hold it's
gonna be it's not a full trip so it's
holding it there's but there's a lot of
people there's about a thousand people
on this boat
the doctors Aldridge
have a lovely balcony room and so you're
walking up the gangplank
and you are you are all in
Europe and you're travelling back to New
York.
I was actually visiting my family in
Italy, a relative was sick, I decided instead of
leaving out of Genoa I decided
to sort of see Paris and then take the
channel across and come home this way
take the Continental.

Alexandria has just finished a European opera too
so I am I have concluded my tour and now
I'm going to take America by storm

The Aldridges were on vacation, returning back
home to the America but I was visiting here I was born in England we go
every year.

Jackson Elias goes
where the story takes me there you go
the story takes me on second class to
the American writer, you
want to debunk occult stuff so
you travel
around the world writing books about
what people
think is a cult but but you have seen
awful stuff out there but you
don't believe it's a cult - it's not
there's nothing mystical about it's
just awful people doing horrible things
and so you you really want to highlight
that you know that sounds unprofitable
growth industry that's for sure that is
for sure
so the the Arlen's the Alonza is a
lovely boat and it is very English so
things happen on time and there's a lot
of pomp and circumstance so the very
first night by other chance you all sit
at the same table you are all seated at
the same table for dinner but you are
seated it's a table for five six with
your husband
who's very quiet normally there's a lot
of yes dear a table for six and you are
seated with a
an older gentleman who's wearing tails
he's all dressed up he dressed for
dinner he looks very uncomfortable like
he doesn't wear this that often and
maybe this suit didn't used to fit but
doesn't quite anymore
and he when you when as the ladies
arrive he stands up and he'll pull out
your chair and he introduces himself
hello i am stefan Vecna a pleasure it is
so nice to meet you Madison yes that
sounds dangerous no no no what on earth
would be dangerous about Beck no just
the stories I've read in that please
call me call me Stefan its Stefan yeah
it's call me Stephanie alright Stephanie
what brings you aboard Stefan's yeah
well I I'm an archaeologist and I was I
was at Pompeii and I was studying there
are the mummified remains at Pompeii and
so I'm bringing several mummified
remains from here from here back to to
America for a museum X but X exhibit
it's it's very interesting the the this
is Mother
this is inadvertent mummification as we
call it and it led to some very vibrant
poses fascinating what site did you
happen to find this remains well Pompeii
is in Italy and a volcano erupted there
and spewed ash and lava and so the the
inhabitants of Pompeii were immediately
mummified in in the ash so it's it's
it's not you know when you look at your
Egyptian he drones on now freely through
the whole soup course this is a this is
a five-course meal and it's torment me
everybody eats in the same dining room
so even the second class people get the
the fine dining a cacophony of slurping
I don't want to listen to this guy not
like there yeah he drones on about
mummies and the difference between
mummies that were created in Egypt and
his inadvertent mummies from Pompeii at
great length
among these mummies given last rites
well they were they were Roman so no no
it happened quite suddenly okay this is
ancient rule are they gonna at least
they gonna have like a proper burial
when when you're done with the
exhibition well they've already unsavory
buried I mean in a consecrated and
consecrated oh I see well this the these
remains are from far before Christendom
but they're not far before okay but
before Chris but before Christendom and
so yeah he'll he'll yeah yeah then he
starts to tell you about you know the
emergence of early Christianity in Roman
times and Han and Brian and yeah so you
uh everybody make me a spot hidden role
so now they're gonna roll percentile
dice and if you make the roll just give
me a thumbs up if you made it by a lot
let me know all right so those of you
that made it by a lot a table you know a
little ways away there's a woman at the
table and two ship's crew are are having
an uncomfortable conversation with her
it seems they're they're they're they're
asking her to leave - who else saw that
you two saw okay I made mine okay yeah
and the only one who didn't you're too
busy hearing about the role of the ID in
my front
Oh to be interested yeah well I assume
that we're kind of at the table like
this yeah over there no doesn't look
good I think we should go check it out I
mean what does I mean [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't know
I'm just gonna watch for him alright so
as you watched the woman let's have a
very loud well I never
and like turns around and storms out
with the two guys I have do I do I
notice this yeah yeah when she says well
I never going to follow her okay I mean
it could just be maybe she I don't know
skipped out on her Jack my nurturing
instinct act all right so Octavia stands
up it excuses herself is me she follows
on so the two outside of the dining hall
the two crewmen are telling the woman
that her room has been robbed so you you
sort of come up on the conversation and
one of the one of the Purser's is being
very apologetic and is saying that you
know the lock on her door was broken
it was a very it was a very it was not a
it was not a subtle job you know
somebody deliberate it was deliberate it
happened after the boat took off and she
is just like how could there be a who
would let a thief on this book what sort
of ship I wha
and the two guys are just trying to be
like this we're very sorry we're we're
gonna you know there's there's only so
many places it could be we will begin a
a thorough but subtle search and we just
ask that you not overreact more have
some champagne
you and her a glass of champagne and she
is you thank you it looked like you
needed a drink and I can't I can imagine
someone breaking in and stealing my
money oh that's horrible such things
shouldn't occur on you really trust
she says out loud yeah all right yeah
the woman will go back into the dining
room at that point and start telling her
whole table quite loudly course about
the uncouth things that are going on on
this boat the the two guys notice that
you came out they said we would greatly
appreciate it ma'am if you would not let
the word of this get out it's because
it's an ongoing investigation you see
discretions a better part of valor I
understand indeed thank you so much have
a good day indeed
so the second you come back I'm like
what happened apparently she got robbed
in a very loud and good area sort of way
like she promised to be more loud over
this so as you discussed this everybody
at the table can make a spot hidden role
oh yes wow so six heard oh nice okay so
you all notice by the way little
housekeeping for the campaign game when
you make a skill check put it on a check
in the box next to the skill because
that's the character advancement of Call
of Cthulhu at the end of eighth of an
arc when I basically when I decide you
get to you're gonna roll all the skills
that you have checks on and if you fail
the role then your skill goes up indeed
so it's sort of this the better you are
at a skill the harder it is to improve
you only get one check so for all the
spot hidden roles you're gonna make that
I promise will use other skills to a
very important one so you all notice
that your waiter when you're when you're
talking about the robbery like he
sort of was he reacts to you talking
about the robbery perhaps I should keep
it down
although shouldn't What a curious
reaction ya need Wow are you your my way
to write yes I'd say discretion to the
better part of I wouldn't think that I'd
be yelling it though
but he's so hard at but it's
communicating quiet yeah I'm gonna wish
he comes to like put some be sure to you
know I'm just gonna kind of touch his
arm or whatever get his attention
alright he is something
man I'm actually if you could yes so
what do you know about that why like to
okay hey what she's asking for is it
what that's any of their she she she's
having some champagne and it would like
some at the table please
oh of course of course I'm frightfully
sorry and cheesecake and champagne and
cheese if you can tell me where mr.
Aldridge my husband is that would be
nice too
seems to have one he stepped away a
moment ago oh oh oh look someone to find
your husband yeah it was dr. Aldridge
you said that's correct alright so he
goes off and so one one thing because
you all cuz you made you made a hard
success there one thing you notice about
the waiter when he leans down he's a
little tattoo on his arm of what it
looks like a knife of some sort like and
it's an art arted knife so as soon as he
kind of leaves I mean over ago would I
recognize that symbol could I you could
make me it's not an occult symbol you
know that it's not it's not any sort of
occult symbol you you can make me a once
what's the half what's better than half
so you see the tattoo that we problem
okay no I'm just trying to think about
what would be what this would be under
in terms of night make a psychology role
let's do that one I don't know if that's
really my great thing but it's also
under P and the alphabet you can also
can I do this well she got the hardened
success so she said oh there's something
like you noticed that how to and
something about it is like it's vaguely
familiar to me I'm gonna follow him as
soon as he kind of had a couple tables
away okay he's actually going into the
kitchen role we saw it's Bree no no no
I'm gonna just go into the kitchen why
not so luck is another stat the PCs have
and here's the weird thing about luck do
you make it probably not where's my
luck it's the big bar oh you know what I
actually did make it but just okay well
so look not only do you have inspiration
but you also have luck and look is a
non-renewable resource you can spend
luck to alter roles so like if you just
missed a role that you really wanted to
make by five you could spin five luck
make that role here's the problem that
look isn't coming back mostly probably
so barring significant things happening
so as you spin luck I'm still gonna be
asking for luck roles so the balance of
when to spend luck when not to unless
you have a lot of inspiration and
because of that luck mechanic and
because I'm a cruel cruel person all in
because I don't want to keep track of it
all inspiration is gonna be wiped every
session ooh we need stuff yeah so in it
now I'm going in the kitchen I made it
in the last twenty minutes of the egg of
the game I can expend inspiration you
have a kitchen you make your luck roll
so you don't like crash into the doors
or like spinning like this and you don't
know which door I don't know one guy
through so you don't just Rekha you
don't break the stuff your waiter is
like going to get the champagne and
cheesecake table ordered do you want to
talk to him is that actually I don't
want to talk to him desert does he talk
to anybody on his way to where he goes
does he not at anybody does he do
anything no it seems like he seems I
mean he seems like a waiter he seems
like he's picking up your he's trying to
figure out what where he can get
cheesecake when it's still the soup
course early dessert is not something
they were prepared for I'm gonna ask one
like is there a waiter kind of is there
somebody kind of like there's actually a
gentleman who's asking you to leave okay
of course there is Tuesday who's our
waiter what's Oh Reginald yes has
Roberto been on the ship long ice no no
he hasn't he he's relatively new okay I
just I can't seem to place where he's
from
is something wrong no nothing's wrong I
just he seems awfully familiar
I just want oh I see grab him grab a
moment with him of course of course
so this is this is the the head waiter
who's who's behind back behind there
Reginald Reginald here and and Reginald
comes over with he's got the champagne
he's still looking for the cheesecake
and he says yes can I help you oh right
oh did you need something else actually
I just came by to just thank you so
much for you know the odd request we'll
take the cheese will tiptoe takes the
cheese because no I'll take the
cheesecake forget the cheesecake so no
cheesecake yeah I I understand it's kind
of an odd request all right okay so just
the champagne yes if you could that's no
problem
classes for the entire table of course
of course and if you don't mind me being
um so personal I just I just the
artwork on your hand I find it
interesting is that something that so
when you when you when you say artwork
on your hand the the make them the head
waiter gets very interested and Reginald
like looks at him uncomfortably mmm he's
like it's tattoo mm-hmm I got when I was
in what I just it's it's it's a knife
okay
Oh interesting I got it during the Great
War interesting and where we in my mates
we all got him where were you stationed
we were we were in our yard in in France
mm-hmm
okay your infantry okay and you're from
I'm from England I'm from Yorkshire okay
all right
interesting interesting and what you
were infantry what units it says he says
he got named okay I just he gives you a
unit name and a number
okay all right it does he seems super
uncomfortable after all for the he
seems super uncomfortable around the
head waiter okay
and so when you're there's no role for
this yeah like you just glanced up and
you see this big poster on the side of
the kitchen which I actually saw in a
cruise when I went on a cruise that like
talks about all the things he that the
the staff should not have and like
tattoos is number one dirty fingernails
well that's number two yeah but so yeah
he's very uncomfortable that your
mission you're bringing up tattoos in
front of his boss no I just I think it's
interesting work and I'd like to get one
myself keep you I shouldn't I'm sorry I
apologize to the good today of course
no more sack fat on my way out another
30 yeah somehow you know once again do
not knock over any trays as you back so
you get back to the table and shortly
afterwards
Reginald comes and he puts down he puts
down a bottle of champagne in six
glasses and doctor - varrick's Oh
champagne wonderful whereas delightful
then I've traveled to Turkey and in
Cyprus there was some fascinating may I
propose a toast
I've actually been taking no bad story
we can also cheer that squirrel on the
run
donated 500 my very favorite twitch
users were on the Run has donated
inspiration for all of you we appreciate
into this she's excited because she
could she's playing I'm running masks
for another group and so you can still
watch this Rachel because I'm making all
this up but in like to this you can't
watch any no spoilers keep watching just
turn on twitch but don't watch that's
all so after dinner you you know you've
had a lovely evening of maybe a little
too much champagne listening to maybe a
little too much cheesecake maybe a
little too much and so what do you want
to do I want to apologize to Reginald
alright for just you know being me maybe
all the way from over here very to you
and your cheesecake sir it's like a four
plates
Jackson Elias is cholesterol mmm a great
band name that's so okay all of you
make me a luck roll no yes did anybody
miss the luck right did buy one
Jackson Elias no I made it yeah okay
well here we what would you like to
inspiration that I don't know is it
gonna take me to the kitchen again no
was your room gonna get broken into
probably I'll second it okay alright
let's do it again
alright inspiration has been spinning us
so you after all that meal you take a
walk on the outside on the deck and
you're walking by one of the lifeboats
and you distinctly hear in
noise inside the lifeboat so like boat
is covered with a tarp yeah it's just a
big rowboat covered with a tarp you
distinctly hear like a some sort of
noise inside the lifeboat like what like
school like is it a my youth it sounded
like shifting mmm okay it could be an
octopus octopus towaway I'm gonna peek
in if I can't am I tell enough to kind
of be sure yeah yeah so so you have to
the tarp is on quite securely for
obvious reasons so you basically have to
peel the tarp back so it's gonna be
really hard I'll let you make a
dexterity roll if you want or a stealth
roll to try and open it in a way that's
a messed up you know won't be obvious
but otherwise you're gonna need to like
peel the tarp back let me try X I
mean I just also want to peek like I
don't write you know I don't need to
come up on a right Koon or something
yeah at my face bitten off and of course
I don't make it alright so so you look
innocent but it's again you have to peel
the tarp off and when you peel the tarp
off reckon there's a little scream oh
and there is a mat not like yes okay
just area say a there's a woman mm-hmm
inside this huddled up with like
blankets and like a little bag there's a
woman inside the lifeboat
are you okay she looks at you and she
says something in a language you what
languages do you speak
no some of them make Italian oh yeah I
speak Italian and she says something a
language you don't understand do I at
least get some idea that it's maybe
Eastern European okay okay
I I don't understand I kind of motion
when you come out she you don't need
to make a psychology rule she's not
terrified okay
okay but she's terrified of you oh good
there that's okay so like you're like
would you like to come out and she's
like she's like trying she's trying to
go further back into the boat oh okay so
I'm like okay okay so I just feel the
thing back you're trying to put the
target
exactly just let her fill out for a
second and then do I know anybody at
this table who speaks any of those
languages like you strangely what
languages despite dr. vecna's attempted
to bring it up yeah like I mark a
stealing joint oh yeah you are each
other so sure yeah I'm gonna go knock on
your door yeah okay yep suta so you're
leaving yes okay
she obviously hates my guts oh yes I'm
out she know you she was terrified you
clearly I mean Thomas is right she's a
stowaway
and you clearly caught her okay she's
not it's not you personally it is the
situation and the possible ramifications
yeah said situation okay so I'd knock on
the professor's door professor I think I
found a stowaway III don't know what
she's saying I don't know what the deal
is
she's you know she's speaking some you
know she's speaking some sort of like
Cyrillic language I really don't know I
don't know if you or your husband know
or would be able to come down and
communicate with her and find out hey um
it's a little late but I could deny 30
no let me let me grab a coffee on the
way there and she walks out with a
little espresso I do
meanwhile I'm just walking behind really
yeah it's about 45 minutes yeah for you
get out there the the the boat the
tarp is completely pulled back and
inside are the blanket and that's it
okay the woman is gone okay so I
described what the woman looks like to
you I'm assuming she's what older
younger she was younger she was much he
was in her 20s problem yeah and she had
a bag of stuff and she had her blankets
and she was completely settled in and
she just freaked out when I peeled back
the cover and he tried to make me listen
rule you know to come out and she just
had none of it and I mean oh yes nobody
nope okay you you hear a very soft
sobbing
coming from the one of the bathrooms
that is right there there's like a door
to a ladies room do you hear that when
she said that you can very okay softly
here soft yeah something both you make
me a luck roll Oh 96 I got 30 with a 96
as your as you say do you hear that and
you start to hear it a ship's crew is
everything all right ladies just fine
thank you fine lovely isn't it lovely
out tonight it's fantastic this is well
somehow that doesn't make him suspicious
this espresso is fantastic every we
needed that
oh that champagne well glad to hear it
if we can do anything for you please let
us know and he'll continue on his way
cool continue sipping a few more and I'm
like it's all right
and I try to listen again I start going
in the direction that I think it was
yeah it's clearly a ladies room right
follow me I head off to the ladies room
all right it is it's it's a public
ladies room so it's not it's not locked
it can't be locked but when you open it
there's that little sitting area in the
in the front of the the restroom and the
woman you recognize is sitting on that
round couch jet lightly crying hmm yep
that's her it was her yeah that's that's
her can you find out okay it pull out my
pocket some cake that I okay say and I
say to her in hmm what language would I
speak she look like like what does her
appearance look like she is
dark-haired fair-skinned could be
Egyptian could be Egyptian could be you
know her thought was Eastern European
based on the language the woman like
when you opened the door she like
ideally starts to like back away and she
says the only thing you've ever heard
her say in English and the only thing
she will say in English she just says
please hmm I say in Latin in hopes that
something will make sense to her we're
here for you how can I help so she
starts in rapid fire just shooting off
these words shooting off in a language
that you don't understand but you're
pretty sure is Eastern European maybe
Turkish okay I'm like give her the cake
and so I go an officer my cake like she
hasn't been in your now you know what a
day and a half out and so she acts like
she hasn't eaten in a day she eats that
cake really fast she does would you like
more I kind of like motion her and she
nods like stay with her I'm gonna get
something more I've got a few books let
me get my husband he could probably talk
to her well can we take her back to your
suite we could but I think I to do
someone we need to get more food to get
her to come with us
I just don't think enough trust yet you
knows maybe you want me to sneak into
the kitchen cuz I've been there but she
knows the layout so okay you know what
I'm gonna let you do that cuz my sneak
skill obviously foot-and-mouth skill is
best so I'll let you that's I'll stay
with her okay so you head to the kitchen
the kitchen is dark but you hear the the
dining room is dark the kitchen is quite
active they're preparing for breakfast
they're doing prep so there's all sorts
of stuff going on in there when you
as you're coming up to it Reginald your
waiter is in street clothes oh can I
help you
is there someone you look like you have
just clocked off is there someone here I
don't want to bother you
no no it's no bother at all how can I
help you Oh seriously please okay well
if you insist I need more food me my
husband are quite famished I don't know
if that's champagne and I just I need to
have something a little more substantial
of course of course I could I think we
have so the crew have we have our own
food and I could I could bring you a
bowl of stew something simple bread and
some stew would be part of course where
should I have it brought where should I
bring it oh and I look around the room
what's the closest like just step
outside to them to the outside ledge you
know we like to deck to the deck so
there's there's a grand stairway up out
onto the deck and how far always that
from the women's bathroom does it seem
practical place to go to meet that seems
neutral I'm trying yeah you don't want
to close yeah so I'll be up on the deck
all right of course all you don't want
it brought to your room okay
no I need some fresh air of course I
understand yes champagne I'm oh of
course well I don't know what that
Jack was his name he loved the
cheesecake I yeah it's a bit too much
for me I'm not used to it but I will see
you score so of course so about 10
minutes later
Reginald comes up and he brings you it's
a a bowl of indeterminate meat stew and
in a big chunk of
and this looks fantastic of course of
course
um she starts tearing piece right right
slowly he heads off right she waits a
couple more minutes and she's like
basically making these like anal
retentive little pieces of bread that
she can dip in the stew later and puts
the napkin over the ball and walks
properly to the restroom okay make me a
spot hit and roll
oh yes okay
the tarp has been put back over the boat
as you walk by I mm-hmm I start to
notice it and then just keep it in my
peripheral go that's interesting and I
keep walking okay so you've you've
essentially been babysitting sure or
yeah holding this poor woman hostage
that she she does look like she's tried
she's like trying to think if she could
run past you and she doesn't think she
can but she's like she's like she's like
wild-eyed and okay and terrified okay
and can I want to sit down next door and
at least hand her a Kleenex
okay sure kind of like a branch type
thing okay so gee understands I'm not
here to sure that's why then she starts
she cries more and again she just says
okay so you come in with the stew and
she eats the stew like it's the first
food she's seen
she's like utensils are not involved she
just downs it good thing there's plenty
of napkins and she she eats she just
cleans the ball and she's got like bread
she's sopping it up and she looks you
and she says please you need to come
with us can you come with us I try to
why not I started trying to
do you speak a little Greek let's see if
she understands that she understand it's
clear that she's heard it before but she
doesn't he's not very good okay do you
have like a paper pencil or like yeah
you have a little notebook something to
like communicate her when she keeps
saying please like I you know just
emotion to her and just be like can you
draw it draw it yeah that's a good idea
from my pocket and okay
paper and pen so please she she starts
writing in a language that you don't
that you think you it looks like Turkish
you know you you're you've been around
okay she's right and I see that yeah
okay so I just kind of put her hand on
it and say no no no no no and grab the
pencil and kind of draw like a stick
figure and say like woman you know and
then no you know and just be like
pictures and then hand it and see if she
gets the fact that I wanted to do like
pictograms not like write me a sentence
how do you draw snuck onto this boat she
draws she draws a boat mm-hmm and she
draws a big city like the boats going to
a big city okay
and then I point to it I'm like is that
New York okay it just she looked us
evil like her clothes are all looks like
she's been in a boat for a day like you
know covered in a tarp so yeah she's not
so I take the pencil mm-hmm and the
paper and I draw for her like a nice
house like right you know I've done this
before I draw a really nice house and
with some food and table and I try to
draw like what she's wearing and then
draw a newer version of her and I go
now she thinks you're gonna build her a
house she she is clearly reticent to go
out in in public I take my jacket off
yeah and I go like this and I said okay
all right I don't like it come like
carton so she yeah she'll step out so
I'm like I'll bring her I'll bring her -
okay so you opened the door to the
bathroom and Reginald is standing there
mm-hmm what's this original how are you
I'm well who was your friend oh she's
one of my students she's a foreign
exchange student she's here she got lost
I'm taking her back to my cabin please
excuse me so she has a ticket then she
does and where is it it's in our
stateroom she doesn't have it on her why
would she need to it's late at night she
wasn't feeling good she went to the
restroom
can we go it's late of course thank you
original hmm okay so yeah you you go to
your room and your husband is Oh
who's your friend I will explain
everything when we go inside can we get
inside it's late yes dear I'm coming too
I got to see this as we start to go
inside and the door closes I turn to you
and I say the boat's been recovered
again somebody knows that somebody's
been there so this is going to get
really interesting really quickly yeah
they're gonna be looking for a stowaway
soon yes so it's not just a ticket just
in case we have to worry about that I
can take care of it as well but so have
one of the problem well here's an
interesting question have any heavy have
any of your characters ever stowed away
on a boat probably right so you know you
have no idea like what the legality of
yeah I'll buy her a ticket sure yeah I'm
just assuming that I could be like hey
mistake right money right sorry okay
sure you can assume that you can keep
throwing away so throwing overboard
so there are knocks on both of your
doors all right
and this happens simultaneously so your
cabins are quite close to each other
here on the same deck there are two crew
members one who seems to have some sort
of rank with each of you on my team I
don't yeah - urine your door pardon us
and this happens to both of you
simultaneously we just need to check
your rooms briefly it's routine should I
put my pants on please yes okay hold on
all right I shut the door hi minute
hides the gun but I'm in like a night
right and and robe and I just sort of
look at them and go I was not made aware
that such checks were routine I would
have probably prepared for the
inconvenience we are doing them now to
cause less ruckus we're given to
understand that well we just if you
don't mind we'd just like to briefly
check your room what are you looking for
that's not important I open up my door
and say alright I've hidden all the
contraband take a look so they you know
you can stay in the room they just come
in quickly and both of you make me an
intelligence role should I knock him out
ninety-four hard success all right so I
think I don't live at a reunion yes
these people the castle doctrine is in
for you it's clear they're looking for
something large they're not like they're
not opening jewelry boxes or anything
like that
they're checking under the bed they're
looking at a closet that sort of thing
and I'm sort of just leaning against the
wall my arms crossed watching them yeah
I am going to inadvertently knock into
one of them okay not come onto my
bad alright Oh what Oh God oh sorry
sorry
of course sir we apologize I think we're
finished here hmm yes both you make me a
spot hidden rule I see a zero mmhmm yeah
100 0 100 okay there's no exams so 98
almost the other as you come out into
the hallway doesn't you know you see
this the same two guys go about four
doors down and knock on her door and
there's no answer and then they go in
with a passkey ooh I like pull up and
pull out a watch and look at it okay
where is she this time of night it's
let's calm now that I have pants on huh
I'm gonna keep me I'm gonna go down a
little ways further and just okay kind
of loose you see the root door to her
room is open and the dead two two
crewmen are you know not they're not
like casing her room they're doing the
same search they did to your room I
closed the door on him all right and
then I walked down a little ways you
closed the door on them and about a
couple of minutes later there's a very
confused
do I hear anything else along the
corridor no no there's so and you don't
see any other rooms being searched all
right I'm going to step back into my
room and like put on a long coat okay
over my nightdress and shoes okay and
I'm I mean I'm gonna go walk around and
see if I can figure out what's going on
okay you you got the oh you got the
terrible roll so here's what happens you
are walking down the hall you see this
happen cuz you just stepped out you're
walking down the hall and you walk smack
into Reginald who's with two crewmen and
I'm gonna get that man like Reginald
backs up like check it off sir how dare
you
it's my 98 hey pardon you you racing
down the hallway is hitting me in there
we're trying to find a stowaway Stowe
there's a stowaway on doorway your is
it human
what sort of quick yes there's not a
cocker spaniel that stowed away but it
could be I think it's a Great Dane so
imagine that me I'd imagine that the the
so Reginald is just looking dumbfounded
and the two sailors are like trying not
to laugh and good good day sir good
so so yeah Reginald is like and and you
you because you made the great role when
he like walks on like Reginald set you
clearly here Reginald say to the two
ciders yes he was at the same table
interesting the plot thickens it does
hmm would we have discussed at any point
during dinner where what rooms we were
in know if we were too busy listening to
vecna yeah yeah yeah we're not listening
yes oh no no no you know vaguely what
death you know that they're in first
class because you know anybody who's in
first class is gonna mention that yeah
of course and I know that that was her
room yes okay yeah because the three of
you were on the same deck so you sort of
noticed as you were coming back from
sinner man are you are you what what
there's a stowaway yes I heard I heard
them say might be in Congress
that would be rather too adorable so I
don't think that's the case like I
thought it was a record I don't blame
you I I suspect given the context that
it is a person and they suspect the
people who were at our table so which is
why they came it's not and then the rich
people the rich couple yes the rich
couple and I lost her name I'm sorry and
I believe Emma Emma's room was in was
empty that was the one they let
themselves into hmm nor she is I don't
know but the rich couple they were they
were up in first class and that being
the case hmm might be worthwhile going
up and having a look they might have
champagne I usually skate we should go
investigate did you not have enough
cheesecake I mean really you had all
along I had enough then I had too much
now I'm back to wanting more all right
well then let's let's go and have a look
at first class and see if you're just
gonna start knocking on door no I'm not
no you have a cocker spaniel try to keep
it there no name plate I think I'm just
going why don't we just go and we hang
out and we look around and see what
happens just seems like in the first
class seems like there's a mystery afoot
everyone loves a good mystery you are
the writer art yes and I love a good
mystery yes see we sell much much better
than the what was it that you write I
bump occult stories yes I can see why
you aren't popular
that no lactose thing money really
appreciate the occult hmm I hadn't
thought of it that way there's a knock
on your door hmm oh boy it's going to
get interesting quick grab my robe
throws my robe on and I pull a few
pins out of my hair and toss on my hair
a bit all right take my glasses where is
the stole away the Stoli by the way has
has made it clear that her name is
Portia mm-hmm okay
keep Portia quiet out here okay run to
the door make me hmm you're keeping
her quiet make it a luck roll when the
door when the knock on the door happens
oh boy oh boy wins burns even the small
think that was Rachel's inspiration yeah
no no Rachel's was the fertile Rachel I
was the first one thank you so much more
so Amy can wasted okay
you win the door when the knock on the
door happens Portia lets out a little
Yelp okay all right absolute and she
okay she's just very she's very jumpy
and very scared and clearly does not
want to get caught mm-hmm so yes a knock
on your door you open it you're in your
robe
slowly open it there are eyes there are
two there's an officer and a crewman the
officer is speaks and when he sees a
lady open the door he removes his hat
immediately he says I'm terribly sorry
to bother you ma'am but we need to
inspect your room it seems there might
be a stowaway on board oh really
well if that's too
to be on board and that ticket paid for
would she'd be a stowaway anymore
I'm not blood with the officers very
confused he like spends a moment like
nice alright to get paid there they
still it's like a philosophical are they
still do I mean they stowed away man
indeed it happens especially when once
but we still I'm very tired
it's very theoretical night we are
looking for a person do you know what
this person looks like
well no no we don't work that's why
we're checking rooms inside to know and
you want to come in my room right now
look for some that you don't know yes
ma'am I see and I'm slowly clearing my
throat I'm hoping you know that so age
wise enough when to get her yeah
somewhere until you know I mean I know
she's hurt it's okay so she's coming in
so is there anything in the room that I
could be like we're just hanging out
having some tea or drinks or whatever
just chitchat okay so you you like horse
out a teacup and she's just like we're
like no I'm like breathe come on when
she sees the guys in the uniform just
like you know give her a hug and
whatever be like it's okay you know and
then just I don't know but yeah it's
okay I know he's a terrible man but it's
gonna be okay guys very uncomfortable
look at those two dudes like we're
having a private moment sir is this this
is your it is very late yourself and dr.
Aldridge it is and we are having an
after-party here can we come upstairs
and see the open
right about now so you said a pet you
down I mean this is obviously it's in
there
you can ask reginal he saw me earlier
this poor woman was sick she's my
student my boy exchange student and
she's clearly upset and she's very upset
because she lost her ticket earlier that
how comfortable is your husband with
lying well the answer is not very he
gets a similar look to Portia not quite
as but as you say like my husband can
tell you he's like yes I can tell you
all about he's tired would you sit down
William just said hell yes the crewman
turns around is can I help you
Emma in there I don't know who's Emma
you see Emma there please thank you
until we're just doing a brief search of
the room until then if you don't mind
we'd stay out in the hallway okay I try
and escort my Porsche this is me I only
know my guests in this room that is
correct and like I said this is my
foreign exchange student she's very
upset she's been sick because she lost
her ticket she's been hiding out in the
canopy and she should have been in the
room I don't know I don't remember we
booked the tickets ago you know you know
me I'm like an 11 me I'm on this one how
often I'm 1109 how often in my own this
crew are everywhere
11:07 probably don't remember these
rooms and ma'am was your ticket and he
speaks to Portia make a luck role for
Portia God anybody else want to do
you're new here like you're the one
who's managing her but below honest
magic do the thing you're gonna spend
all your inspiration that's like he's
gonna end up just please on the dice of
a nice apparently not see they're
amazing 78 to an o2 who tried to give
alright so there is a brief moment I
asked him just based on that role I'm
sorry what did you say
there's a brief moment when so he asked
Portia where her ticket is and there's a
brief moment where there's just one sob
she just sobs once and says please
mm-hmm
and then kind of pulls it together okay
and yes ma'am are you alright
I just put my arm around her just be
like it's she's having a tough day
she seems terribly upset but what is his
she doesn't remember she's been up all
night because she lost it when she just
got on the boat I'm telling you here oh
goodness there a way for us to just give
her another tickets and give her her
room she doesn't even remember where
room is she's a foreign exchange student
is it I could pay for the ticket right
now she's really upset about it isn't
speaking since the person you you said
slipped on the the water outside of the
the kitchen and hit her head that's
great that's correct like a lot are you
injured men please she's not feeling
well
ma'am I'm gonna need you to come with us
we're gonna go see a doctor if you did
indeed injure yourself isn't your
husband a doctor he is that's why it's
not that kind of doctor I'm a surgeon
you're a surgeon you must have had
general practice yeah at some point oh
well doctor then would you examine the
patient and take a look then I shoot him
holds it together man he like goes and
he he he's like trying to remember where
the damage was as like it looks like she
suffered some mild yes she has a very
good bruise on the back of her head when
he goes to touch her hair she like pulls
away and she's once again she says
something in Turkish it's all my starts
and she like she like turns around from
him and she's like looking at him with
like she's got that wild-eyed look back
again
I'm sure her head hurts just dreadfully
I I really think we should take her to
the ship's doctor we want to document
this in case there is any sort of legal
proceeding you will of course understand
I can have her things sent to her room
if you know what her room is that's the
problem
I don't I can give you the I have the
passenger manifest so if you what's her
name Portia
[Laughter]
I'm sorry what is her full name oh gosh
it's late excuse me let me go and find
very well law students you know and I
start digging through like my bag trying
to find it make me a I'm gonna offer me
a roll fast talk persuade something
offer me a roll and tell me what it
means
no no no that was sigh yeah yeah I'm not
persuade we miss you sighs we do but she
probably speaks alright so you're gonna
try and persuade him that doesn't look
at me okay so the captain is you know
you try and find a stall him it's right
and the officer the officer finally just
says this woman has been injured yeah
I'm taking her to the doctor we can
figure out where her room is at that
point I will if if that we find nothing
wrong with her and if she has a room
will remand her back to your care and
you can come to the doctor's office in
the morning and we can take care of this
you see and you don't think my husband
is cold fed enough to fully examine her
I see how you are all right I'm going to
document this what is your name sir my
name my name is lieutenant Standish
Standish I thought it was you Standish
you know it's interesting I thought it
was you stink dude that's right you're
back and forth every year aren't you
absolutely I know this bow glue the back
of my hand oh just let us some bits for
okay so Spanish and the crewmen will
take Portia she is freaking out and like
they have to as politely as they can and
it's clear like these guys are not like
trying to rough her up or anything yeah
they're very uncomfortable with the fact
that this woman is like not fighting
them but trying to get away from them
and they're both like how do we and in
Latin hoping that something will click
you are safe
these men are safe relaxed calm I try
okay different words and I try to be as
reassuring as I can okay so about eleven
o'clock they finally get her out of the
room and they take her the doctor's
office is balota is on one of the lower
decks down in the in the crew area they
give you a pass so that you can go down
to the doctor's office in the morning
because normally it's a restricted area
thank you and they they take her off
okay and so as soon as it's clear I'm
like sure so with me the last night god
when you wouldn't when you go when you
guys you guys outside notice that like
every door in this hallway is open and
people are just like I'm gonna grab his
shoulder and just like turn him and push
him inside right behind me what in the
name of okay calm down everybody okay
well I didn't do it she did it herself
and I obviously didn't help very much
cuz obviously look what happened I mean
look what happened but I almost just had
the first spit taken how many times I've
almost spit something across the table
but and then I dig out wherever we drop
the notebook from and I'm like I don't
know what I don't know what she's hiding
from but she is freaked out and I get
the fact that like you know she's
obviously stowed away and whatnot on a
boat that you could get thrown over I
don't know what happens well on the
stowaway but I'm like she keeps trying
to do a lesson oh this and then like
hand does anybody know what this means
picture a crudely drawn picture of a
boat going to like a big city I'm doing
I get you a lollipop later no but
doesn't there have writing on the top
she started to write oh yeah she wrote
there's no idea in a language that you
you both might recognize his Turkish hmm
here a combination of umlauts and curly
things under the sea's spanish and
portuguese and so you you recognize it
in Turkish but you don't know what she
say huh Arabic would be the closest
thing Arabic is closing wish but it's
yeah it's a different alphabet is the
challenge yeah so she just kept saying
please and then just sort of like I
don't know what she's saying I don't
know what she's writing I can't figure
out what the deal is
well did she have anything with her just
blankets right and she had a little I
had a bag but you that bag was not with
oh so she didn't come with the bag yeah
okay maybe maybe we should head back and
find a you think to do with the the room
that was broken into I think it does
because potentially I came back and when
I came back with the soup somebody had
recovered it as if they'd known she was
there well and something perhaps even
more interesting they were checking only
our rooms people who were seated at the
same to same table with the terrible
door they obviously didn't check his
room cuz
would still be there we should have got
him that would have been the perfect
distraction all right where did you find
the girl so she was in a lifeboat and
it's just it's down the hall around the
corner and then it's like the fourth one
past the the main entranceway and you
really have to like struggle to get
though all right since they're all busy
with the girl herself let's go find out
if she left anything behind okay so you
go to the lifeboat and and the tarp you
you can pull the tarp aside it is you
know it's very taut it's all gym and
inside the lifeboat is a blanket that
smells not very good
two apple cores mm-hmm and her bat and a
bag and the bag has one set of women's
clothing like not great women's clothing
all right so there's nothing else in her
things all right things is a strong word
thing maybe I might be singular
no there's nothing there's no stolen
anything there's no money artifacts no
r3b dolls what did her clothing look
like approximately was it like streetrat
level clothing there wasn't quite
streetrat level but it was not you know
it was it was lived in and and this this
set the other set in the bag is very
similar and it's it's I mean it looks
kind of not old-timey but it's not it's
not modern western clothing mm-hmm
modern western clothing what is it does
it look like something that would belong
in England possibly but not quite it
looks not I mean it's it's it looks kind
of Eastern European again or or sort of
old-world II kind of thing all right I
never see make it really she packed
about really do show whatever like
packed take a while to
she rolled them up so they could fit
more in there then the bag was empty no
one no one takes so few things along
with them on a transatlantic voyage
unless they have nothing else and there
and there mm-hmm trying for something
better
true how much did you seen that look in
losing that look in in a person's eyes
before though she is terrified and it is
running from something and yes I said
she has nothing no one I wish I spoke
her language just was never interested
in my little Eastern languages I suppose
there's only so much time the the bell
rings for midnight midnight crew members
start doing rounds so they start and
they start walking around the decks
outside every you know sporadically but
there are are there any coming toward us
no what about Randall or whatever his
name is you have not seen Reginald at
all that's it I'm calling him Randall
for what I mean are we not supposed to
be out is there no no it's fine it's
totally fine it's the boat yeah but
they're just for taste it's yeah it
tends to be at nighttime in case
somebody goes over and falls is very
rare that they have rounds outside like
Reginald it is late perhaps we should
are you leaving the stuff in the boat no
no okay so you should take it because
she's your intern student money my god
instinct tells me I should check on her
before before the Sun rises
yes was much persuasion I don't know why
but I think we should go down there and
here's part of the logic that woman's
place was broken into they might not be
related but it seems odd that the two
things happen so quickly yes and
probably a a very convenient
find for the the captain to just pin it
on have you done worried about yeah
absolutely
and that's why we should take her thing
so that they can't would be easy to peg
well there's no and there was nothing in
her things that was anything of value
yeah and again here's a theory in case
Reginald it could be bunnies yeah it
could be aliens as well case like
shoes well never mind it's just insane
never meant well no let's hear it well
any theories better than early for just
insane but when we came back when you
came back through we had basically
gotten her out of the lifeboat and she
had left her bag there and it was
uncovered I didn't go back and try and
cover the lifeboat up and when we walked
past the lifeboat cover was covered
again so it could one else is aware yes
and knows that there's probably a bag in
there and they're trying to pin it and I
don't want that to happen they may have
a closer look at us if the bag goes
missing a crewman just walks by good
evening hello mmm
did you see the dog I look at you
raisin I'm so so you saying something
makes him stop and then he notices that
the lifeboat is open oh bloody oh we
did you know that the mid people who die
at sea died because there are not enough
lifeboats on boat oh my god sir did you
did you open this lifeboat I did indeed
why did you open this lifeboat cuz I'm
checking out the lifeboats safety and
security safety first
are you are you certified to check
lifeboats no but isn't it our duty as
citizens to check to see the validity
person of the scene I'm gonna have to
ask you to not alter or in any way
tamper with any more of our lifeboats
let's I wasn't tampering just looking
no tampering involved just checking the
soundness of this seafaring that's
emergency I need to know exactly where
to go
what boat to get in how to get in it
where to sit yes oh you know all of
these good news no holes in this boat
I beg your pardon please pardon the loud
noise you're about to hear and he blows
a whistle 'yes don't blows hey I got I
got it like I'm like seriously he's very
confused by all of this like I wouldn't
we can't have guests oh oh that's right
romping around in our lifeboats okay
pull it down close it up
we promise we will leave the boats alone
we will we we are terribly sorry for
every time an officer comes out of the
door with that with a clipboard
Rollins what what is it these four word
out for a walk tell me to what tell the
officer what what happened here oh I was
champagne first of all and it's late
she's getting a lot of cheesecake we
wanted to see how they will see worthy
it was there were rumors of the Great
Dane I was scared I needed to know if
that dog did something to the engines if
I could get into a boat please forgive
us
you must understand it's very late I'm
look I think it's best if we all just
walk away and pretend like none of this
happened however and he asks each of you
for your name in your room number gods
if I hear any tell of any of you being
anywhere near a lifeboat unless this
ship is sinking and then I'm like Caesar
I just know look at the mega but what if
we wanted to lean on I straight it
and I smile just what if we wanted to
man we're tired do you shame if there
was another person putting a break
that's teasing your person he's light my
job now that's not waiter you don't need
to know I don't like it very much your
waiter he's you know a good guy I'm
gonna ask you all to leave now please
no go back to your rooms go to bed
you're drunk and you weren't smart to
begin with clearly clearly you do not
tamper with any more lifeboat I give
myself permission one time of year to
not be smart I am a teacher good night
sir yes officer leans down and says
something to the crewman and the crewman
will like make sure that you all leave
like the crewman is staying on the deck
like waiting until you all go oh yes I'm
going to bed and gonna wake up early for
some cheesecake all right so everybody
goes to bed everybody make me a power ol
your your POW stat would you how is
all right so you missed it so you have a
night of very uncomfortable sleep and
you have a weird dream you have a dream
and in this dream Portia is in a cell
and
you see Portia like in the cell reacting
to somewhat coming towards her and like
backing away and the last thing you see
is a butcher's knife and then you wake
up in a cold sweat and at that point all
of you make me a listen roll oh yes oh
actually yes it is it is it it's it's
quite early it's still dark out but you
anybody who made the listen roll nope
here's faint I got a hard success so not
as faint for you a blood-curdling scream
a female blood-curdling scream oh we
could and yeah my door my I put the
monitor on my chest it seems like some
other people may have heard it but most
people are kind of not reacting or that
sort I'm gonna throw my coat and my
shoes on and take off tour there's no
idea where the sound came from I am
guessing just out of fear but I guess
it's the medical Bay and that's where we
are going based on what they said the
night before someone else in the break
and and the dream that I had I'm going
to aim in that direction
alright you have no idea where the brig
is down just going down there you go so
you to coordinate and you end up on the
same stairway as her okay you guys want
to wake him up for ya I don't know if we
need anymore Great Dane investigators
just make it harder cuz if we run past
his door I'll just bang on it be like
the role of promise will be played by
great day nice scooby-doo all right she
bros on your door and you know or go to
the brig Scooby Snack
yeah probably okay you get down and
intermittently you see like a few
confused people like poking their heads
out or something like that but it's it's
the sort of like quiet that only happens
at like 5:00 in the morning where it's
just dead calm and quiet sleep there's
you know there's not the screw is gone
is not around so you just start heading
down and you had noticed in your earlier
walks that the stairway the guest
stairway goes to about the fourth deck
and then there's another stairway behind
a little rope that goes down to the to
the crew area is it locked just a little
rope across it wonderful okay so yeah
you head down you're now on the third
deck and you the third deck is where a
lot of the kitchen work is done so there
are a number of people down here you
hear a lot of Spanish being spoken and
that's or there's not a lot of English
being spoken down there and people are
sort of looking at you kind of confused
I'm just ignoring them and just going
how far down to you so you you see it's
sort of hard to read but there's a
there's like a layout of the boat and
next to the staircase and it looks like
the brig is on the bottom level it would
be the medical office is on the next
level is on level two and eventually I
make my way down to the rope
yeah and don't go any further you're
like oh the Rope is hanging down you
messed up the alibi if the rori open if
the Rope is open yeah I'm gonna go in
okay so you're all heading dad you catch
up with them you're on the second level
and there's a crewman
and there's a several somebody from the
doctors are like a crewman has run into
the doctor's office like super fast when
you come down the stairs like he doesn't
even he might register that you're there
but he's making it into the doctor's
office okay so I know JA octavia I'm
like show in the past let's go in yeah I
show him the pass I said they'll get
here you walk into the doctor's office
and there's a crewman there's a the the
night doctor is sitting there like half
asleep and there's a crewman going like
you've got to come with me you've got to
come down and the doctors like getting
his bag and that sort of thing and the
crewman is like pale and freaking out
where what is going on so one could like
look he he hears at least my usual suit
a nap him back into reality where's my
students where's my student why why are
they yours correct I heard a woman
scream where's my student and she was
here under care where no you know the
stowaway she she's no stowaway what are
you talking about are you talking it was
the exchange student there's a woman
here by the name of Portia she was
brought down here I don't know a few
hours ago what are you talking no no she
was stole look really stay here I have
to get the doctor down there I'll be
right back aye sir by this time the
doctors like her so the crewmen just
like physically drags the doctor Ella I
just keep a distance okay so the crewman
drags the doctor down to the first floor
there are there are a number of there
are more crewmen down here and it's one
of them stops you and says please you
know please don't go any further
stop here please and you hear in the
distance you hear clearly Portia like
sobbing and just like and and and
wailing and you see like the crewmen
that took the doctor in there he walks
out and he just immediately throws up
I'm gonna stealth in this chaos and
tried behind some nope it's still it's
not that hard so so there's another
crewman whose back is to all this and he
says and he's like he's it's clear that
his job is just to keep everybody back
he's also keeping other crewmen back
they're not going to have anybody in the
brig while you're standing there the a
senior officer probably the Night Watch
comes down and and says Jenkins what's
going on here he said you'd better go
better go take a look sir and he goes
through he comes out pale as a sheet and
he says Jenkins call the captain
is she all right can we see her she's
obviously sobbing can we is there
anything we can do to help her she's
with the doctor now and Marsha the
exchange student excuse me I get it's
the look on your faces something very
odd has happened I am in the next
I'm not at liberty to say any I'm not at
liberty to say anything to guests of the
ship I would ask that you go back
upstairs in high paying guests who come
here every year and spend lots and lots
of money and have a medical chance to
see the woman just so happened to have
her student over there being held
hostage and I don't understand what's
going on make me a persuade roll all
right you get advantage so rolling you
get to roll to that your tens dice twice
and keep a better one because you're you
spend so much money on this cruise ship
hello yes so he knows he claims like
well professor Aldrich that did that's
one of your students yes she lost her
ticket a day ago when she first got on
board she's been terrified she doesn't
speak very good English
she doesn't speak hardly anything at all
professor
you'd better what's you'd best come with
me
she straightened my shirt phone the so
the nod Jenkins as soon as the captain
is here you let me know the the the the
head of the watch takes you and he's now
like if you're with her you call so you
step inside the brig and the brig is
it's it's like two small rooms it's too
small cots really and on the floor
screaming and crying and without her
left arm is Porsche her arm has been cut
off about here I like I'm like and and
at that and she's she's just curled over
like this and the doctor is like trying
to apply a tourniquet and all this stuff
and and that's when she looks up at you
and she says please and that's when you
notice that her skin has been flayed off
of her in the middle so she has just a
large gaping wound where her her her mid
size
has been cut not open it's been cut out
like a chunk of her skin it's been cut
off tall lord I turn and look at the
doctor and I look at the inspector or
the Nightwatch head and watch and I look
at the two of them like what is it like
anyone that comes so first of all
everybody that came in the room is gonna
make me a sanity roll okay this is
possibly the first for many of you this
is the first day the first of this
amount of blood you've ever seen made it
not have anybody what I'm sorry
so you want to roll under your sanity
box no I rode on it okay that's that to
success did anybody miss the role you're
all terrifying people yes Oh horrible 95
only it were a 96 around that would be a
fumble all right yeah Jackson this is
not what you know this is the worst
thing you've ever seen like yours you
you can see her bone and all you lose to
sanity and and you are sick to your
stomach
you just look as the doctor is you know
none of you were medical professionals
but it seems I mean the doctor is doing
everything he can
it's not clear how long she's been like
this mm-hmm
well can't it was very long or she would
have bled out dr. Diaz one crewman I'm
just leaving now to get a new uniform it
is the head of the watch and the doctor
okay two people and the head of the
watch is just this is your student she
is but she was right name her name is
Portia
pardon me her full name
I'm telling you that I don't remember
her last name I'm sorry you don't
remember the last name of a student
she's supposed to come with me on this
trip I just met her picked her up
really tired her last names upstairs in
my stateroom
along with the other list of students
and she buddies each a year she's
staying with you children she is but
she's not in my room she had her own
room and I don't know what her room
number is I'm sorry but the better
question is why is she in the brig was
the brig locked and why is she oh yeah
go away how do you know her - Tate ass
Assad away she I I picked her up in
London I met was her parrot ma'am you'll
forgive me we have a crew member who
pointed out the location where she was
stowing away after she lost her ticket a
day ago after she first board she slept
in a lifeboat she did because she
doesn't speak English well then at the
very least ma'am she assumed can we
rewind this conversation back to you
what happened to her arm
are we safe on this boat I mean was was
she locked in here who had keys who had
access to this you know about what her
last name is let's argue about what just
happened in here the brig at night there
is a crewman
that is normally on Waddell and what's
his first and last name that was Jenkins
who you had outside he's an estimable
crewman we are going to institute a bow
to stern search of the boat commencing
immediately we are the oh I'm going to
suggest this to the captain obviously I
can't and we found we're going to make a
full accounting of every guest and every
crew member and wasn't the door locked
to the Brig
correct Jenkins was not Jenkins had
stepped away
use the restroom and the door to the
break was not locked understand okay and
so at any time the typically the crew
has access to this area all the crew yes
all the crew has access okay the crew
the crew sleep on these two decks got it
these are the crew quarters except for
the executive crew okay
can I glance around and see it if I if I
spot the butcher knife that I saw in my
dream sure make a spot hidden roll and
while she's doing that I ask him like
what about animals do we have any wild
animals that are in the that's a little
in steerage for an animal just reach in
here animal you know like a bear or
something I mean my god she's missing an
arm and Nestle half of her side oh there
I don't know will you explain to me what
how it could take somebody would take an
arm off an individual probably with a
knife did you make the roll I did not
okay
no but so what you do notice is that the
blood there's there's there's you know
there's a lot of blood and the there
there the blood like there were tracks
mmm to the door and then the tracks
disappear what kind of tracks shoes okay
how big approximately do they look do
they look like about my size look
mailwoman they were they looked like a
man's shoe mm-hmm a man shoe like a man
purse okay so you're making fun of me
about the Bears comment do I see the
fact that she's looking at the captain
is a very stern heavily bearded Swedish
man captain Gustafson and the the head
of the watch like I'm just downloads to
the captain what's going on the captain
looks
the captain is terrifyingly calm this
whole time he's not reacting at all he's
the bear
oh dear and that the head of the watch
is like I think we should do a full
search of the ship and the captain nods
and so the head of the watch goes off to
to begin that process the captain
introduces himself to you to each of you
and apologizes for this you know that's
unfortunate I'm very sorry for this
unfortunate occurrence and did you know
this young woman then I'm very very
sorry and I wish to I will keep you
apprised of our investigation but I
would ask please if you would leave at
this point so kind of I kind of lean
over go what do you need to see the
doctor sir yeah do I see is the arm
missing the arm is going chest clear
surgically barely not search by your
husband a surgeon my arm was cut almost
cleanly data and and the slices around
here also not surgical
no but do them and pretty superficial
yes a me like looking forward do they
look like claws like it looks like a
slice like a knife or something steel
could be a bear can we look around a
little bit sure yeah the captain is I
mean things the captain is like you know
he's just like this point you're more
help to this crew more help to the crew
and you started telling slipped in the
blood is so good and walk up to the
captain I say captain please forgive me
but there's been some mix-up to about
her and the ticket and all of these that
he's not important right now what is
important is I'm glad but can can you
please notify me when she can yes yes if
they're done her I'm responsible she
will need to stay in the AP medical
quarters I'm guessing I don't
but she's going to need some main care
and we are still three days from New
York so we will as I said I will keep
you apprised of our investigation and
and my only concern is for her
well-being and the to find out what has
happened here - well captain thank you
for being of course of course being so
patient captain if you could she does
speak
marginal English do you could you
recommend somebody who speaks Turkish
perhaps to us sure we have crewman yeah
you know maybe we could talk to her and
find out a little bit more about what
happened to her she seems to trust us a
little bit more maybe we could get some
of the story out for you of course I
will let the doctor be the the judge of
when she is in a state where she can
speak but of course I have crewmen that
speak Turkish okay so we can we can
facilitate that I'm very happy that you
seem to wish to help us in this
investigation but I hope that you
understand that for legal reasons we
need to we need to use the resources of
the the Royal Mail service and the
company to solve this unfortunate
incident I I wish to limit your possible
involvement in this main only for legal
reasons I understand that as your
student you have a strong attachment
here and we want to - and a
responsibility to her family I oh of
course of course
we were they're going to be very upset
that she's not coming back as she was
yes yes this this is this is I cannot
look at him I kind of look at him like
this is gonna be dealt with yes yes we
we will make sure this is taken care of
do you know her family do you have her
contact information we do well if you
could send that if you could have that
sent to me you can tell a purser to give
it to me and then if you can have
Reginald come just to my quarters or
somebody who's Reginald do not have
someone by that name on your staff I'm
sorry I do not know everyone by name on
mice we have
we have almost 400 crewmen on this boat
Misawa Tim particular whomever you trust
and you feel as good as fine I thought
that speaking with him again would be
interesting because he saw her earlier
who is this that saw her he was our
waiter yes he was wandering around up on
the other and for some reason like I
said everybody keeps saying she's a
stowaway and I'm telling you she's not
again I know this this is this is not
something I'm worried about at this
point what my concern is for her
well-being good and that we figure out
what has happened here make sure we're
on the same page it's it's fine it's a
but this for legal results - and a
waiter named Reginald he found her what
is this he didn't find her he ran into
her earlier and scared her well this is
not good
I will talk to them to the headwaiter
about this and I'll find this Reginald
for it and I'm good thank you
of course thank you thank you but please
if now if you don't mind I'm gonna ask
you to go back to your rooms we are
going to after breakfast we're going to
remand everyone to quarters and do a bow
to stern search I go to her and I look
at her and I take off a necklace okay
she is the doctor has sedated her pretty
heavily
mm-hmm so she's semi-conscious but she
like locks eyes with you and and I said
for you and I give her a little locket
was a little picture of a young girl and
I put it okay yeah that that you know
that that helps there's a definite
calming to her manner and and the doctor
looks you and and says I'm gonna put her
to sleep now she's lost a lot of blood
yeah before the captain goes yeah um
could you I do have a couple questions
about a turkish translation if you could
even before she's awake if you could do
rekt me to somebody who might be able to
native speaker sure hold on hold on one
second he steps out in the hallway and
Jenkins now find me someone who speaks
Turkish real quick
and so Jenkins Jenkins runs off and
about five minutes later he comes back
with somebody okay I take this gentleman
kind of a side not the main thing and
just ask him if he could you know you
can read right correct well we have
excellent and show them the notebook and
just say do you know what these couple
words mean right here but that says stow
away seriously that's it yes okay hmm
I'm sorry I thank you thank you that was
damn I just wasn't too sure that that
was all right excellent thank you of
course thank you very much good thing
breakfast is new is as normal and at
breakfast there's an all-hands
announcement that other than the crewman
that have been assigned to the search
everyone is remanded to their quarters
and so that means all non-essential crew
and all guests go to their go to their
rooms and slowly over the course of like
it takes until dinner basically they
bring they bring sandwiches and stuff to
people's rooms but although for for four
or five hours they search every bit of
the boat and the you have some you know
you sort of have some time and anybody
who has a cult over 40 can make an
none of the O's is it's a hard success
heart oh man okay so you know your for
some reason after you saw that and you
just were like oh my god that's the
worst thing I've ever seen and later on
you get back to your room and you're
having like flashbacks of what you saw
I've debunked this already and for some
reason you're reminded of of a story
read about something called the hand of
glory and the hand of glory was a
medieval spell supposedly that would
make the bear it took the left hand of a
thief or a criminal that was that was
one of the the main items that it
required it also required candles made
of the fat of that criminal - - so so
this is needed to do the spell right and
why does the spell do the spell it's you
made a hard success sure the spell at
anyone who holds the canned of good hand
of glory with the candles lit is
invisible and no doors and unlock and no
doors can be can hold them so they can
unlock anything I like for how long then
does it well until the candle burns out
enemies the only thing since you got the
heart success you also know that the
only thing that works on the hand the
only thing that can put out the candles
is milk and it has to be cow's milk
tasty


we're gonna go to break






it is now dinner each of your rooms is searched, a much more thorough search. when
they come by can I ask the guy like have
you found anything later does he give me
any information it's one of the reasons
this is taking so long is that the
hennequin are the head of the watch
they're doing one room at a time and so
the head of the watch is searching every
room with crewmen they have the whole
deck shut down so that nobody can you
know nobody can come in or out every
every crew member that is not you know
that that is not doing anything else is
in this search so the head of the watch
he'll come into your room first and he
recognizes you and he says ma'am I'm
terribly sorry but as the captain said
we need no I completely I completely
understand that poor girl please
yes yes hey who has her bag you have her
bag okay okay I mean for a friend okay
so yeah they they do a very thorough but
very polite search of your room they
don't you know there's no they're not
tossing the place or anything no there's
not and unless you have any questions
they'll move on nope okay they come to
your room
mm-hm and the captain Isis you and okay
head watch recognizes you and he he says
you know I'm very sorry about everything
that's happened oh please need to search
your house I also search a room and then
I have information oh well of course and
so they they go through your room and
then is
gun hidden in here on me okay they're
not searching you yeah yeah it's it's
similar yeah so this is going to sound
strange today has sounded strange so
there is what what area like is that the
the folktale for Europe
oh so medieval so I am a writer an
expert in debunking occults mm-hmm and
now I'm gonna reap UNK them yes well I
mean other people believe yes so
oftentimes this is people that believe
things and then do things that are
insane
typically mmm well there's a story in
medieval Europe of it is the the called
the hand of glory and it is a is
supposedly into the texts it is a spell
that will make you invisible and I we
and allow you to cross through any
doorway I know I know it sounds strange
I know it sounds strange
however the ingredients for this are the
left hand of a thief and fat from said
thief made into a Kindle well well thank
you for this information sir
just so I'm clear you're suggesting that
a wizard on this boat found a castaway a
stowaway and cut her arm off so that he
could be invisible how do we find an
invisible man sir there's the rub you've
been most helpful sir do you want to
make a persuade role or anything
all right you hear some muffled their
vase oh they come to your room and the
head of the watch is there again and
apologizes you know absolutely come you
know and I basically like stand behind
him and drive him insane with questions
like so have you found anything yet uh
the only thing we found is that there is
one crew member unaccounted for
oh is his name Reginald yes of course it
is why do you say that well he just he's
really suspicious he was walking around
upstairs when we were talking to the
girl he was just really knows he you
know just kind of he had a tattoo you
know think you know what tattoos very
unsightly yeah not proper at all that's
I was not visited you know you wanted to
know a lot of things about us it was
really kind of annoying huh well that's
that's good to know it we are certainly
in very heavy room yet yes his room is
empty okay
it's like of everything clothes
everything his stuff is still there no
knives or anything no no no knives okay
I'm just saying it's a tattoo of a knife
of course of course but we're certainly
I mean if you see him please let me know
oh absolutely
please let any crewman know we'd very
much like to speak with him so did did
the doctor has the doctor released her
yet is she feeling better
um the young woman is still in very bad
shape
we are not are it was about it was
about here the joint be an easier spot
yeah unless your bear well you know but
a cleaver cleavers go through things the
you know we're we're not equipped to
handle amputation
so is that what the doctor said did he
say it was like an amputation maybe with
a knife for was oh I I don't know I I
apologize I don't think I I haven't
spoken to the doctor to that extent I do
know that the young woman is not in
great shape and that the doctor is doing
everything he can for her okay thank you
of course of course and then right
before he leaves I'm like has anything
you pulled the Columbo yeah there was a
woman at the table next to us the other
night at dinner and she was making a big
fuss because something had been stolen
from her
oh yes the Duchess was robbed was it
some it was a jewelry what was I know
the Duchess had a great deal of money of
course she didn't put it in your safe no
she did not put it in the yes I've had
this discussion with her with her people
she had a valise full of money and this
was stolen that's curious
um her door was essentially kicked open
it was not a very it was not a very
subtle job and her how her room was
ransacked and they found the cash and
they took it got it so wouldn't nothing
outstanding it wasn't you know it would
be somebody who was look rifling and
founded it wouldn't be somebody who was
targeting her specifically that's right
okay
that's right okay well alright thank you
mm-hmm of course they get to your room
and roll hours later yeah the first
class the first class searches are very
different than the of course then the
rooms in tears what are you doing with
her bag oh I'm going to hide it in a
very plum secure place if it's possible
it'd make me a stealth role let's see it
conceals you're not concealed make me a
yes just barely me okay Wow by five so
don't forget to check it off if you make
a skill yes thank you for reminding me I
forgot to check off the listen skill
earlier yeah I rolled a twenty foot okay
great so the head of the watch comes in
and he's he's very apologetic again and
they they do a much less thorough search
because nobody in first class my name
crimes and so it's it's fairly poor
functor II they don't get close to where
you hid the bag and they take their
some two dogs under a raincoat hide
under these long coats for a while one
thing you may can make me an
intelligence roll oh yeah yes Wow so
like an extreme six extreme note okay oh
great okay yeah so 512 her bag is
there's the odd thing about it's a
police so it's a blue bag that like
clips at the top with two handles
interesting which doesn't be much to you
but you know if you ever find that out
in fact you can make you've seen the bag
make me an intelligence roll okay yeah
for climbing nope nobody know okay no I
believe Thomas let's so it's like it now
it's real like a telethon show me some
it's been those again he wasn't the
first but you know maybe he's the most
diverse he's not quiet on the board but
that's okay no it's so eras over so now
every member of the foxy regulars has
contributed except Aaron Marcus and
mayhem early
Bhushan of my bread we need more
malarkey for the rest of this session
we're gonna come up with names for
Aaron's character should be fun okay so
so they call the all-clear about six
o'clock and dinner is served and I am
famished
yeah cuz lunch was skipped today they
bring you lunch to your room if you
asked but they were on a skeleton
crew and so when you when you each
arrived at the dining room you've been
requested to sit at the captain's table
apparently my story I have some weight
what stories that the great day no it's
captain good since the dog lover so do
we sit down before anyone else our
captain is the captain will be it will
be a little later but so you you guys
are sitting there the captain the
captain's tables on a little balcony up
a stairway and the main in the Grand
Ballroom and it's got this beautiful
window behind it
but so it's really nice it's a lovely
seats I dressed a little nicer for
dinner there we go Vecna is not there
thank God okay I know this is going to
sound strange but given what we've seen
a very strange day perhaps just okay in
case you didn't know I am i right
nonfiction books about the occult and
usually debunking them because it's
usually somebody who's thinks it's true
and then it's gone and done something
and then I solve the mystery I think I
would make a fantastic consultant to a
police agency I will just say that so
yes so in medieval Europe lower there is
something that is called the hand of
glory it is that's it's as it's a spell
and it's a spell that would that turns
you invisible and allows you to bypass
any locked doors so if somebody on this
ship wanted to get something somewhere
they they would cast the spell and be
able to travel anywhere on the ship
without being noticed
the left hand of a thief and fat
rendered from the thief's body turned
into so we're looking for a crazy person
who believes in witchcraft correct and
took an and and and took enough of the
arm to have the hand and under fat from
the arm well but you know it's wrong my
fatty either by chance there's any truth
at all in this the moment I pay for a
spell might get debunked the moment that
probably not because the person who's
gone invisible is our waiter reginald or
what oh I knew she was bad you're fine
okay all right so then the question is
you know so much about this spell is
there a way to counter it if it were
true
Poorman cow's milk on the candle yes how
common would somebody was the spell in
English how could I find that has this
spell because like it was mostly the
Germanic areas the the you know where
Germany is now and they have a
surrounding so so by the way the hand of
glory is a real thing yes I know I
actually am familiar google hand of
glory there's a picture no yes don't
it's what like could I assess what what
Reginald was English though he was he
was okay so it might not be he'll I mean
he also didn't seem like the wizard sort
right now but he may be upon he may be
just ate too much cheese cake and been
missing for a while no I think that just
happens to you weakness for chocolate
chip cookies with ah the head waiter
comes up and says I'm terribly sorry but
the captain has been has been delayed
there's been a robbery
I don't want question question question
did this robbery happen without any
locks being broken or picked I I don't
know sir I've just been asked to send
the captain's and we should go and meet
with him immediately is this in the
first class well yes well he would rob
second class really yes they were
desperate for something that has to do
with that spell but the captain asked
that you know you continue on with your
dinner and that he would send for you
afterwards
then let's abide by what the captain has
requested we have strained the bonds of
hospitality dr. Aldridge gets up and
alright so you step outside to the
powder room okay the way I start looking
and to see if I can see any waiters or
anybody who do I see on the way to this
um you see one there's lots of waiters
they're working it very officiously you
do not see Reginald of course I'm
Justine not least because we would hurl
him overboard
Hachi machi that's a zero one okay so
elf ears you hear I lost what are your
elf ears here so can you help you step
out onto your taking a long way to the
lavatory and you step out of the of the
the dining room and you hear very
faintly you hear whistling just like a
tune hmm familiar to but there's nobody
around I try to go to the direction I
hear it okay and quicken the pace okay
when you do that the whistling stops I
stop the moment I hear it started and I
pivot at quarter turn wait you don't
you made a no one so when you stop and
you do that pivot this has nothing to it
to listen but you rolled a no one's you
smell you smell you smell like a
match has been struck that's that smell
that for smell sulfur smell yeah I take
out my compact okay and I make like
powder poofing like I'm going to powder
my face and I start to go like this okay
powder around quickly you nothing you
don't reveal anything that way and I
look at the ground see if there's any
footprints you don't see any footprints
hmm I wonder if the ship's library has
any occult books we got a look at my
hand of glory can you help us out and
I decided instead of going to the
laboratory to go find like somebody who
has a crew manifest to find out where
reginal place would be because I want to
drop off a present okay so they're gonna
put you in touch with the head of the
head of the watch yeah that's gonna be a
little bit that's fine all right so
we're gonna come back to the dining room
table so do we see what Serna is it the
Duchess the Duchess is down yes so
you're not gonna like Alka Nia she's at
her normal table okay all right I'm
just gonna wait for opportune moment if
she's alone or if there's a seat and
then sit next to her yes yeah the you
stir the pot at some point at some point
like her for one of her company might
get up and you can go and sit next to
Duchess it oh yeah this could forgive me
forgive me
um I really would like to know there
have been obviously some strange things
happening on the ship and I would like
to find out some I heard there was a
Great Dane yes as did I and their own
magnificent creatures love to see one
but if you don't mind I might ask you a
question about a little more delicate
matter the the captain had told me
that money was taken from you well hi
Wow
it was just in strictest confidence I
assure you I have not told anyone
don't make me roll for it why what did
there there have been we've had we
someone went someone I know has been
assaulted and I'm just wondering I'm
very good I'm very concerned salted yes
I'm gonna come down
Oh God Bertram Bertram
someone has been assaulted on this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
and he's like it's me just curious if
they'd found the suspect haven't stolen
any of any of your money is there do you
have any idea who may have done this the
captain assures me they will find this
interloper alright so I can introduce
you to Jackson what's Dixon Alliance
join I'm sure yes great dane aficionado
as well right in aficionado one of the
world's finest private investigators Oh
God
but we still like him anyway I just
solve crimes and get people their money
back
anyway anyway how are you
that's a solid quest game Club anyway
see you how many people knew that you
were carrying a large sum of money on
you oh well the not not many I didn't
advertise it but obviously Bertrand
would have known invite anybody Bertram
would never steal from me Boober sounds
yeah he's stealing from her another wise
you know she stole first she stole him
yeah she's stealing he sold his soul was
probably gone a long time would there be
anyone else who may know what you were
carrying with you well I mean I did have
room service delivered mm-hmm ah was um
do you know who your waiter was was a
personal attendant or what
I'm not in the habit of knowing the
names of the baby food
you do realize that is very important
for solving murders I mean crime I mean
crimes I can't give her the description
of Reginald that's his name right yes
that's you know we knew him will be
serving we know how they look alike to
me at this point I just like turned
around and watch it Bertram see Bertram
indicates that that sound that sounds
like okay I looked like okay all right
well Dutchess again thank you very much
for your time I mean you were again Emma
Emma Navarro pleased to meet you and
then it's devar oh thank you thank you
pleasure to meet absolutely please I beg
you keep the details of my strictly
confidential straight back in it so you
have to tell Constance never to leave
her chair again so I go back to the
table and update these two and we'll be
having a contest for a boy to the knife
I don't know I think the great Dame's
mic I'm voting for I thought it was you
staying
so they I'd again there's no proof but
um Bertram mm-hmm thinks that it
could have been Reginald that brought
dinner so he may have kicked you know
her her lunch or whatever it was so he
may have cased the players you may have
seen the money mhm
exactly all of the money that she
carried on her well and she doesn't seem
to be a woman and I lower my voice she
obviously she doesn't seem to be a woman
who's like I don't know keep her voice
down so it's not even though she claims
that no one knows of her you know of her
money or predicament or whatever or she
might be carrying I'm sure she's made it
publicly announced to put my bag full of
money over in the corner Bertram make
sure no one knows of my bag of money I
can't think of what it reminds me of
it's terrible wow that's a Santa you
roll all right so dinner is done and the
captain a purser comes up as dinner is
winding up and and brings you all to the
captains the captain's office
it's a small but nicely appointed office
captain Gustafson is standing is sitting
at his desk and he's got a crew manifest
and a passenger manifest sitting on his
desk and he's pouring over them when you
come in he says oh thank you for coming
it we had it we had another robbery
it was another robbery yes yes we had
the nut a first-class cabin
I've had several diamonds diamond
necklaces and such robbed from them but
there was no sign of any sort of forced
entry it was a very different than the
last time well I assumed the head
investigator told you what I told him so
he was talking about the lead we
potentially have the Dutchess this is
what's this lead
well the Dutchess claims that she had
told no one of of the amount of cash
that she had on her but she did that day
have someone bring her lunch and the
description somewhat vaguely resembles
Reginald is there any way that we could
cross waiter yeah is there any way we
can cross-reference who actually sent
who took her lunch
yes we can find that out and was there
any occurrence of meals being brought by
the same individual to this room hmm
well that's a so our room service
attendants do not have pass keys only
the the head of the watch and each deck
attendant has passed keys and are all of
those accounted for yes all the pass
keys are accounted for the the only
thing that is not accounted for is
Reginald himself who we cannot find even
after that very thorough search no he's
he's nowhere to be found on the boat
here yes he is very curious it's it's
surprisingly despite the size of the
boat it's surprisingly hard to hide
because there are so many people on the
boat and we'll find him
don't you worry yes there there must be
that he jumped overboard it's possible
that it was a suicide or that or that it
was not the suicide but he jumped
overboard or it's possible that he's
hiding you know we've we were certain we
searched the storage holds or any of the
lifeboats missing no no is odd request
we can't can the the the room the door
that was broken into without just Union
know the one that without breaking into
okay yes can I examine that lock to
see if maybe it was of course it was
picked of course it's sudden it was
stateroom 27
okay and I just can go can we go there
of course yeah you can I mean if you I'm
going to eat he gives you he writes you
a little pass and this pass will get you
to his office whenever you need food and
whose room was this Paul pass yeah
stateroom 27 belonged to a diplomat who
was heading to America from England his
wife's jewelry was stolen okay
which country was he a diplomat for
England hmm Christian okay yeah
I am going to also I'm going to set
guards on every deck and I have
authorized the guards to be armed hmm if
if you happen to smell a candle burning
hmm or hear something without seeing
anyone
there may be someone there maybe but I
doubt it I think we can find this out
it's office mystery together he's
working on an opening for a new book yes
there was a lot of innocent consider but
not quite a paragraph or a lot of sense
it depends on the paragraph I think I'll
all right I'm not the philosophical man
but please whatever help you can give me
I will appreciate and I've you know with
that with that pass the crew will give
you whatever assistance they can and
help me figure out what's going on here
because this this is terrible my ship is
being robbed and someone on my ship has
been assaulted and none of these can
stand if it is this Reginald character
we have to find him and make sure that
he goes to justice if it's not we need
to find out who's doing this and make
sure that they are brought to justice we
will do everything in our power to
assist I appreciate that
okay so you head to stateroom 27 the the
diplomat and his wife have been there
there they've been they've been sent to
the bar to watch there's a crewman
standing in front of the door but once
you show him the pass he's he said how
can I help
quick question if I have I yeah your
join we were back with the captain I'm
sorry all right I wasn't sure where is
this and can in like relationship to the
Duchess's quarters so
all the staterooms are kind of up at the
front and they all have the the nice
view or at the back and so the Duchess's
was at the back this is at the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
so it's not even no close I think we
should grab some milk because I'm pretty
sure it's working just to let you know
that in fact I'm positive it you need to
think it's million why why are you so
positive because I think we just need to
search the ship I'm just positive there
there was the smell in the air and I
could hear him whistling and yet there
was no one there no one was around and
he wasn't hiding where was this I mean I
mean he was like right there wait Mike
let me see no I swear to you I all right
I mean people just don't vanish which is
why would them no no here's crazy a cup
of milk just to make sure if this is
true which it isn't but if it is I could
sell way more votes I'm getting some
emails right and so maybe or if we say
experts agree or many have said it would
be great for us to all this mess with us
ancient occult theorists speculate I
mean it can't hurt it has been an
exceedingly odd day okay so you're
saying we need milk
you're a nice day 27 we don't need milk
we don't need flour we need to go away I
would we need flour I don't know because
that's how you travel to Rome the best
way to find sizing out is by using a
reasonable deduction in you we should
rule out the possibility that one x time
we encounter the smell of you could tell
it was him you could tell it was a man
standing around he was musky there was a
smell of sulfur like he would just lit a
match or something like that you could
hear this whistling you know
I'm just saying if we can rule out the
possibility that maybe the candle works
by having the milk around when we are
encountering that again well at least be
able to cross that off for a list
anything in my in my research can the
tenant can will be put out all by
yourself but if you pull it out with
milk you can relight it
yes mm-hmm it's very powerful okay can
we search this room yes you guys go in
and then and then shut the door behind
you and lock it
all right that is a what is it locksmith
well he's doing that I'm gonna look
around because I can't wait seven hours
first time exam first exact you examine
a lot before you destroy it yeah it does
not the lock has not been tampered with
and there's no there's no sign of any
damage so like the the other one the
door was like batter to open basically
this door none of that it is no not been
touched at all and and inside you guys
see a several jewelry boxes that are
just open and they clearly could be
locked and the jewelry boxes are on just
in plain sight she didn't have yeah they
were on there on the dresser okay I'm
gonna go over and have a look at them
without touching them but excuse me so
yeah let's think you notice the same
thing that they could have been locked
but they weren't or they're open they're
no longer yeah and and and it's you have
a make me in a praise role actually you
can you guys can all anybody who wants
to can make an appraised role box locks
it's not ya know it's sort of safe I
don't have anything special so the only
thing that I'll give you is that this
didn't seem like a you know there's some
stuff that looks valuable that was left
mmm this looks like it was kind of a
grab just like diamonds shiny yeah this
was not somebody who knew what they were
what they were sterling all right I'm
gonna try and pick it okay
no okay you hear some screeching we know
we have
I need to know one we don't have that
much time is there anything else that
seems amiss in the room like I look in
the closet just like he didn't wear
clothes no no all right let's let's use
some instruments probably can I use two
inspiration if somebody else told us no
okay you got this I totally new dyes Oh
totally new dice rolling so many male
ami dice one of our views better better
instead not right you get a faint
whiff of like sulfur just like the
faintest like old with as you're like
searching around the room and it's where
okay I was to the door
okay can i all right so I'm like yeah
it's gone no yes it's it's like a
vestige of a set okay and I open the
door on you while you're trying to pick
the lock I just smelled some sulfur wait
who's I had a lot of cheese door and
slam it again the dark if you into a me
and Thomas's life
I I go in the room daddy shouldn't we
look in retro nose room because milking
for Reginald yeah this is true but I
also want to go see where you think you
smelt him that one if you just smelled
that sulfur II smell I think he just saw
us it could have been through him I mean
no but it sounds she's worried or he was
here yeah I think it feels more like
it's an older vestige like the remnant
of mm-hm
so he was here or somewhere whoever I
mean I'm just using the word Reginald
the name Reginald mostly because it's
terrible name yeah I know well it's a
too bad we don't have one of those right
David Holladay French in yes I wonder
there must be a dog on there must be a
dog on a police
this big please don't save things while
I'm drinking dogs on boats are just so
anyway okay so only runs alright
well anything else you can think of it's
getting on to me even you know it's
post-dinner it's you know 839 it does I
should we go look and see where you
smelt the sulfur okay because I still
think that there might be a space where
he was hiding or where do you think he
would go next maybe that's what we
should be thinking of any intestate
rooms I mean he's first of all he's got
a stealing it's got sleep he's got to
eat mm-hmm
and I'm candles only gonna last so long
well and he doesn't seem to be he
doesn't seem to be planning what he's
doing because the Duchess's money was an
easy snatch and grab and go but there
were other valuable pieces of jewelry
here and he didn't grab those he only
grabbed these pieces here to seize
perhaps mm-hmm we only know when they
have one crew member unaccounted for how
many days are your five days it's five
days so after tonight there's two more
days okay we should look at the crew
manifest see the most valuable clients
I'm sure are it would be everybody who's
up here exactly zero apart at parties so
you could certainly ask the captain to
get like you know who has the most money
up here sort of who are the richest
people this pardon me for asking such a
crass question but do you have valuables
that would draw this sort of attention
its to operations not going to prove it
may be worthwhile in order to reduce the
number of people who may be exposed to
this problem because a desperate backed
into a corner may become dangerous I
couldn't wear something lavish and
expensive and talk about it and your
door lock doesn't work I don't
here's them there's going to be dinner
tonight later this year tomorrow
tomorrow yeah it's dinner I just wonder
if if other people I mean Reginald has
been following us since interested no
but but I mean he may be here right now
and listening to us planning his sting
now we'd smell him you can't hide that
smell another both what's happening
there justice but you are correct just
you know I you know know you need to
blindfold yourself so sorry cyan hands
yeah yeah that is a good idea I wish
there was a headband here so I could do
that all right well here here is here's
a thing people tend to what is the word
ever everyone has their own unique smell
and if she smelled that a particularly
musky smell stop it with this sulfur
with the sulfur the sulfur
I take the napkin and just do it's
enhancing all of our experience the
properties in the bag when I made it I
promise you that do we want to go and
search Reginald's quarters yes then
let's go dude all right before you get
down to Reginald quarters they're very
small it's pretty much room for a bed
and to kind of turn around there's a
small desk with his stuff on it
oh yes I do so so you find a picture of
from a trench in World War one with
Reginald a bunch of other guys in it
that is that is sort of it was under a
bunch of papers and it's you know the
markings match whatever the yeah so so
and do any of the other gentlemen look
familiar like have we seen any of these
guys I'm not seeing them no but but if
you do you'll recognize okay with his
tucked away like up in the closet in the
top our discharge papers from prison for
a Reginald Stanfield for burglary mm-hmm
and and it appears that after World War
one he was at odds
TSD didn't have you know didn't come it
didn't have the the best re-entry into
society and so he would deuce
he was a smash-and-grab artist he would
break into houses steal whatever he
could and sell it he was he was caught
fairly easily because he just kicks in
doors I take the papers and I turn to
you and I say I really do think we're
dealing with two thieves here take a
look at this and I plunk it down okay
and you find an old book excellent read
it yeah I'm gonna start paging tour like
it's so here's think it opens and like
it opens right to a recipe for a hand of
glory oh it's it's there's other stuff
in here but it doesn't look like
Reginald was smart enough to figure any
of the rest of it out okay III
definitely what do you have there jack
nothing ever mind the ticket to my
success is what I have
see copy someone else's book researching
others okay just like popular I mean
what other sorts of things are in there
there are a sort of Ana cursory glance
it it's mostly gobbledygook about about
the you know the various dark it's you
know ye old dark arts and that sort of
thing the name of the book is Neil dark
arts
yo the dark art yeah no no actually the
name of the book oh come on I'm looking
it up this is the actual name of the
book it is in a book called normal oh
okay there's a bear on your policy that
probably means that there was at some
point a growl al bear that was a book a
much larger book and this was a smaller
version of sure this is the apprentice
book yep Padawan book you see any any
instruments that might be used to cut
off an armor and that's a good question
do i you did not see anything is the
milk in there Jen you got a hard success
you got a hard success so but what you
do find is crumpled in the back of his
closet is one of his the street clothes
he was wearing that night and they
definitely are blood-soaked oh well
maybe we should take these yes to the
captain to the captain immediately how
did the captain miss this curious do not
see was his room they did search his
room but these were you know the
bloodstains are not super obvious you
had to like pull everything out and look
at all the clothes so you're gonna head
to the captain yes can I knock on the
door for somebody just a next-door
neighbor
sure yeah
a guy opens the door to kind of help you
I had a quick question we haven't seen
reginal and I'm while I was just your
buddy says okay what was the last time
you saw him
uh two days ago okay I think maybe day
and a half okay
and they say that I mean the captains
the captain's let all the crew know that
we're looking for him I put out an
all-hands notice and since then you
didn't hear anything in his room either
didn't see him okay anything in that
book say that they duration on that
candle if it just continuous we might
need to read the book - a great idea you
reading any book and Cthulhu is
dangerous so it's it's now probably
10:30 oh I think straight to the captain
with this yes okay the captain they the
captain has gone to bed so the head of
can I help you Oh what have you got
let's start with the clothes yes all
right well so we so Reginald yes
attacking an original office or his
quarters and this is what we found and
we found this and I popped the book down
in front of him hold on he told this guy
about the hand of glory story yeah Wow
that that's a book does nothing else it
does seem to indicate that that Reginald
believes this story whether or not it's
a true story unlikely in the in the age
of reason but it seems likely that he
believed it himself it's a fair point
and if he believed the girl to be a
stowaway taking her hand would answer
answered the condition of the left hand
of a criminal you know it's a fair point
aye aye aye he's I mean if he's crazy
and he thinks it's true you know we've
but this just underscores we've got to
find Reginald yes we have all the crew
looking for him
he can hide on this boat well according
to the book we need milk just a same
question does and you may want to
roll this does the amount of blood on
his clothes match what we what the
bloodshed that we kind of I mean oh yeah
I mean there's there's a you're gonna
cut somebody's arm off yeah there was a
lot of get that's what I'm saying so
what you say it looks like make me a
medicine rule there we go thank you he
knew okay so nobody knows so the if it
seems like maybe he wrapped his jacket
around her arm
cuz her his jacket seems to have most of
the blood okay alright yeah he got it
okay cuz you said a little blood and I
was like no so like his shirt and stuff
is not much okay
tourniquet then maybe not as much okay
but why would he be tourniquet he
turns he was trying to yeah so it's
trying to be so you guys are mean
probably gonna head to bed it's like
yes he's a tattoo he has hand art any
kind of person would hand hunt well so
so yeah yeah you've you've you know
they crack this case wide open all you
want to find Reginald yeah does it
did more question did he have any like
did he associate with any of the other
crew like was he kind of the waitstaff
he was you know he knew he had some
prints there but I mean you know he he
kept to himself a lot okay all right
well I'm going to bed yes I'm gonna go
alright get some milk why not I have to
get a little glass bottle of no okay so
you all get you get little glass bottles
absolutely sure that it's house
all right yeah yeah that's they don't
have goat's milk on the boom you know
what they were very specific that's
right that's right okay so you each go
to you go back to your bed and
everything seems fine you go back to
your room and when you come in your
husband is dead is dead asleep he's you
know he knocked out pinned to him as a
note who and the note says anytime I
want and that's gonna do it
Wow requesting chaos plays Call of
Cthulhu our first episode
excellent Reginald we will be back on
the next day same now it's personal not
judge time soon nachos Channel
and thanks so much I had a great time
doing this this was a lot of fun
make sure you check out our other shows
monday is Waterdeep no Tuesday's Kaos
agents i watch him on youtube you can go
to youtube and you can find all our
shows there you can watch them at your
own pace and leisure I'm given to
understand their podcasts I don't really
understand how that works smarter people
than me it's on it's on stitcher and
iTunes and anywhere else audio Play
Store thank you look at that you can
find us almost if you invite to so many
places just tiresome so thank you so
much for being a part of this we will
see you next week do we need any we're
so close to the number of followers we
need to give away a mug the number of
subscribers to give away a mug so for
sure on Monday we're gonna give one away
maybe we'll save one for Tuesday
Wednesday on Wednesday the last show of
the week that's exciting I I enjoy those
mugs they really hold water
you're sturdy you could put cows milk
English a little squirt e top yes
I have one at home I love it it's one of
my favorites there we go all right well
thanks everybody and we'll see you next
