Kind: captions
Language: en
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
hello internet friends and welcome to
quests and chaos plays Call of Cthulhu
I'm here with Thomas once again on the
ones and twos helping us out by popular
demand mainly his because he runs he
couldn't tell him not to play he'll be
back as Jackson Elias and Amy who's
playing some Emma they all kind of run
together not in heaven the ninth now
yeah for those who don't know I've
played with Thomas and Amy for years and
I think every character emma has you've
ever played has been named Emma yeah in
like I had one pair us game I've one
character that was like M Aurelius
something stop calling her Amy just and
tiana who is playing Alexandria hot food
I think I would remember that name I
even have it written down and we're very
excited psy has jealous you'll be
meeting her character in a little bit
although I think it already says it down
on the bottom there so you know spoilers
but you'll be meeting psy in a little
bit we're so glad you're here psy and
Rebecca who's playing doctor camera of
your first name doctor ogwuche
Octavia Octavia Octavia Aldridge I only
have dr. Aldridge here and she's also
got her our first NPC her husband who at
the end of latso last episode you were
on the RMS are Lanza for a lovely cruise
from London to New York and you found a
stowaway mm-hmm and then someone found
the stowaways arm and took that arm and
created something that you found now
called a hand of glory which doesn't
sound dirty every time I said but is
some sort of occult device that when lit
with candles lets them somebody be
invisible and lets them open any door
like no locks affect them and you pretty
much sus doubt you have strong ideas of
who is who this person could be Brendan
Reginald
everyone's favorite Reginald everyone's
favorite Reginald been on or at least
favorite ship in the 1920s there could
be like seven Reginald we just check him
off the boat if you can find him
that's a and Reginald who the guy he
believed or he has gone AWOL he's not
he's not apparently not on the ship to
the according to what the ship thinks
you you say you found you found him you
had some madness you know he's a mimic
you I think it's three times you've been
rebuked by the boat officers of the boat
the boat not only is it a mimic you were
asked not I think you've been asked not
to touch anything at this point right
and and you've eaten through most of the
ship's cheesecake stores and that but
you did learn that the only way to
extinguish the candles on the hand of
glory is milk and so you I believe at
the end of the episode you all went to
your rooms and you all had a small
bottle of milk with you and when you
went to your room
I had a note there was a note taped to
your husband who was snoring sleeping
away and the note said any time I want
was it was unsigned so you know it could
be from anybody his mistress just very
different game so before we started
thanks so much everybody for joining us
on twitch thanks for joining us on
YouTube thanks to like the three people
watching us on Pinterest it's great
we're we're super excited with how this
is going and your comments and your love
we really appreciate it I want to remind
people about inspiration they used oh I
think you used almost all of it like my
dice roll yeah yeah Amy needs all the
help
it may be kept wasting our inspiration
please let me know quick sample let's
say I see what you can roll no 50 yeah
now that that's 55 that's not bad this
is state summary
so you can you can save these poor souls
from having to spend luck and most of
them are old pretty badly on yuck
so that's inspiration and make sure you
caught you subscribe on Twitch on
YouTube everywhere you can find us we
really appreciate it and sometime
tonight
I don't know when Thomas will pick a
time and we're gonna give away a mug not
this exact mug I have been I've been
cautioned to say you will not get this
exact mug I don't know why somebody
very like this we will be giving away to
one of the people listening and because
I have never watched these shows I don't
know how we're gonna do that so that's
gonna be exciting so when inspiration
left over from my inspiration from left
over from last time so I wanted to start
because I played with Thomas and Amy for
a long time but I haven't played with
you guys and so I just wanted to start
when you start playing games with people
you want to get to know them not just
the player the game of the characters
but also the players so I just wanted to
sort of go around the table and very
quickly everybody what was your first
RPG experience let's start on the older
into the table here early eighties
Redbox
D&amp;D brother was the DM cousins were
fellow players keep on the borderlands
or yes indeed good times and then from
there to star frontiers and then to a
D&amp;D where you add Ross alight or
whatever they're called
yeah whatever they like them the
marshmallow yeah I think that was
awesome or Drella sites and remember you
know somewhere where nerds we're old and
what's hit the game we play yeah so I
played route Wars for three years single
campaign yep cool I don't think I've
done anything that long in my entire
life yeah
and I started obviously is like the
cliche fighter because it's the easy to
learn and then I gave like a year two or
whatever I gave that character a break
and came back as a halfling outrider who
my only job was to irritate the elf in
the group also nothing else and so I
like wrote a dog and mean my dog
third edition had the cleric the travel
domain yeah clerics 3.5 yeah I killed
nothing no what about you my first
role-playing experience was probably at
the end of the arts beginning of the
TENS I can't remember when exactly but
my friend Dane ran a pathfinder game and
it lasted for all of three sessions
maybe four sessions but I fell in love
and I I played elspeth who was a
six-foot-tall half elf and would cleave
people in half with her two-handed sword
I've never forgotten that it was awesome
like I had a vorpal like ghost touch
when a ghost is going to show up yeah it
was touch and man ting sword so after
that it was years until I picked up
again it was not last year but the year
before that I got into a home game with
my with my housemates and we played
Dungeons and Dragons and now we're
playing mutants and masterminds and now
I play like four games a week so I went
[Laughter]
you're not strong baby anymore strong
well role-playing has been like in my
family my dad was a GM and as far as I
can remember I wasn't even tall enough
to look over the table I was standing
right tippy-toes and I could see those
figurines and my my family would dress
up so like all their friends they'd have
like eight or nine friends dressing up
with like latex noses and ears and so
that spawned me growing up and being a
teenager in the 90s I was playing
live-action role-playing games I even
helped run a local chapter here for a
while and then transition to another
chapter I've done everything from like
so I started with D&amp;D done vampire the
masquerade werewolf mage the Ascension
did you ever paint one pinky black horse
of course binding I was totally Gotham
pumpkin yeah so I've played a wide array
I've ran cyberpunk 2020
20:49 and shadow run and it's a long
game there's a pathfinder I'm familiar
with that riffs champions love champions
champions quite a lot because it because
I had a hard time with with D&amp;D fourth
me got a little - yeah or tabletop fix a
lot of the problems of 3.5 3.5 point 5
and my friends and I would refer to it
as D&amp;D 3.75 that's the better math joke
avid gamer a longtime gamer probably
start running a game again in the near
future so we'll see yeah yeah I started
in the 80s we had a weekly high school
game where I I think I played I played a
fighter that didn't wear armor which in
first edition D&amp;D was hard to do I came
back really needed bracers quickly that
was the I was I was not I was not a very
useful kid that that started my habit of
making characters that were not very
useful
funny I'm funny but not useful fun even
I useful and so with Thomas and I we
played we both played in that drought
Wars game that Amy joined and you'll
hear especially in
our betrayal at house on the hill games
the the sparring over the named Magnus
because about halfway through the game
at Thomas decided he was the twin
brother of my character and he just one
day said it and all the other people
went I really see the resemblance and it
drove my character crazy the whole time
so welcome to our new talk show tell me
about your character it's just good
radio let's let's dive in so I have
questions for each of you so we're gonna
start over here actually we started over
here we're gonna start over here do you
wake your husband up are you gonna tell
him about the letter I slowly take the
letter off of him and wake him up okay
well we'll get to that scene in a minute
that was that was the question have you
ever played Call of Cthulhu before No
alright so one thing I would love sigh
if you would just show off sy will be
playing a fortune-teller and we're very
lucky sy collects tarot cards so she's
got a number of decks and there may or
may not be tarot readings happening soon
yes please
yes please okay where are you your room
doesn't have a refrigerator where are
you keeping your your bottle of milk I
have I have nicked a small bowl and and
found and found ice from the the ice box
okay and made my own little ice box I
mean the occult rules are unclear on
curdled milk yeah my milk is yeah but I
wouldn't get with the best chance to
succeed there was some debate before we
came on air whether or not ice cream
would work I still I'm still please cake
it's the cheese yeah that's right that's
a little stretch though cuz now we've
baked it and sort of whatever but
nevermind now I want ice cream learning
how much milk 1920s ocean liners have on
them from for a trip from it's in the
thousands of pounds of gallons I should
say okay but mostly they carried
condensed milk it was really only first
class that got real milk everybody else
got the condensed thank you yeah well I
mean the ship is you know you're working
with the captains so the ship is kind of
giving you what you know but that brings
up a great strategy you know how
you were using your powder puffs like
what happens if we condensed milk the
whole situation in the rain I'm sure we
can jerry-rig something up hmm sorry
anyway are you at all can have you ever
experienced anything like this hand of
glory No
do you believe in it no are you reading
the book you found yes Bach so like you
go home you go back to your room you
everything's fine
great okay so I want to come back here
briefly so you wake your husband up and
tell him that he had a note taped to his
head or saying I pull it off when I wake
him up dear
do whatever I I found this attached
to your chest when it came in through
the door it's quite disturbing I think
we should do something about this don't
you think go to the captain perhaps this
is not acceptable you're being
threatened what do you think your
husband's sanity is you were to codify
his sanity on a note from between one
and a hundred now he's a surgeon maybe
65 okay yeah that's exactly mine
that's hilarious you so you show him the
note and he immediately is like where
what what where did that come from
what's going on oh yeah
it's a long story I'm not sure exactly
where it came from
I could speculate but I think we should
do something about it what do you think
go to the captain are you gonna tell him
about mmm okay yeah I'm gonna feel
he's your husband so he trusts you
implicitly but it's clear that he thinks
you're totally yeah talking about
poppycock of course you know he he
thinks that I mean you know you he's
like really Octavia invisible mm-hmm
a hand look I've been I the reason that
I'm so tired is I've been down in the
medical Bay trying to keep that poor
girl alive because the doctor here is an
absolute butcher I understand I'm just
telling you there's a book we found that
has this spell there so this insane
maniac believes that doing this will
make him invisible I can't say that he
actually is or isn't have you ever lied
to your husband before because you're
lying to him right now
right I know I have not hmm he doesn't
notice okay so now you can lie to your
husband who it's just that easy kids at
home all right so so he's he's like well
of course he's probably just he needs
help this man it's it's terrible that he
thinks this and it's really late but
this is not acceptable somebody snuck in
here and put this on easy well yes yes
I'll have a stern word with the porter
but I I really am very tired all right
get some rest here yeah see this in the
morning dinner he drives you crazy by
his as soon as his head hits the pillow
oh it's snowing out you can always tell
people that don't sleep well because
then you know they're looking at you
dear sigh how so you've been on this
boat for two days and you've heard you
know how how how tuned in to sort of
like would you notice if people were
running or like if the crew are kind of
starting to move a little faster and
okay so yeah you've definitely noticed
that things you know the crew seems to
be more percent
Dave there are more guys posted around
and there was there was a very curious
thing where they they had everyone stay
in their rooms and they searched the
entire ship from bow to stern which have
you been on many transatlantic a third
time so that does never happen to you
before that you essentially were trapped
in your room for eight hours and you
don't have the nicest room you might
have an interior cabin or something like
Octavia are you going right to sleep
I'm not Octavia dear I mean Alexandria
hmm yes I think I'm going to make sure
that the room is as locked as I can
possibly make it including the prop in a
chair under under the door hand okay as
if someone if someone is moving about I
don't want anyone coming into my room
okay and then make sleeping preparations
okay go to bed all right
and you're are you going to bed or you
yeah okay it's like it is I mean it's
probably close to midnight yeah and I'm
just gonna let the milk curdle how are
you staying of reading you get like
swept up and oh I mean it's it probably
takes a lot of mental energy to actually
get through it so probably to no warning
or so okay make me a new I have
Cantonese Spanish and Portuguese what
Wow Minutemen intelligence role or an
education role actually starting
education role oh nice yep okay so you
um 26:20 that's for the editing later
yeah you you make the so you're starting
to piece your way through it's slow
going there are portions of it that are
in Latin and you're you're like
remembering a class
like an eighth-grade Latin class that
you took and strangely the word blood
never came up in the vocabulary you know
that so you're you're it's gonna be slow
going but you you get enough just from
that reading you're going to gain three
points of a cult hmm so you're a cult
skill will go up by three that's it's a
lot I mean and make me a sanity roll
nine so you're gonna lose one point of
sanity this whole book is a the reason
you lose this point of sanity is that
this whole book essentially details
things you can do with fresh body parts
and one of those is make a hand of glory
but there are a lot of different options
and you know chapter seven the kidney
you know it's it's it's a real it's not
it's it's a little alarming it's not as
alarming is it you know probably should
be but that's one of those things where
it's like once I start getting into I
see the theme of the book okay so I kind
of get it sure but second verse same as
the first nothing but but you have seen
evidence that the hint that at least one
thing in this book works and so you know
there's some some terrifying
extrapolation of you know does that mean
everything in this book works and you've
only you've only started to scratch the
surface
alright so morning comes and you are
each awoken except sigh by a banging on
the door and it's a porter in each case
that says that the the captain needs to
see you immediately what time it's like
5:30 a.m. and you are you know the
porter waits with the door open like
you're going now this is and you're
brought and captain Gustafson yeah
I ordered coffee on my way the captain
will have I'm bringing the milk I'm
bringing the milk as well is it actually
is anyone not carrying their milk
because it's so you have a little glass
bottle of milk and you know if you have
like a Veliz or something maybe you can
conceal it but otherwise you're just
carrying around like a glass bottle of
milk I'm wearing my coat and my coat is
said oh yeah you are
for my particular work so I have pockets
okay in various you know you have in the
20s you have an outdoor coat then you
have an indoor coat you know and you're
wearing probably wearing your indoor
coat this one has pockets of course of
course so yeah that but you know it is a
little weird you know you got cuz it's
got like the top is essentially just
paper folding over it you know it's not
and like tie down the line yeah so it
doesn't have a neck to it this is new
like a glass yeah it's a glass with a
paper on top and because they just have
huge milk cans in the hold
they don't have milk bottles and that
sort of thing
so captain Gustafson is waiting in his
office and he has coffee and there's oh
my gosh oh there's some pastries and and
that sort of thing keepers he's he's got
like little sardines and toast and
that's really and he looks Haggard he
looks very concerned he says welcome to
the club hmm well I I was hoping that I
would not have to talk to you again
until you had found this man but
unfortunately the he has struck again
and he has he has murdered the young
girl in that was in the medical Bay
Porsche yes he took he took a part of
so you remember that the the battery
essentially for the hand of glory is
candles they made out of rendered fat
from the person why would where would
somebody hmm
turn fat into a candle what would you
need to do that you're asking him this
out loud I'm a sailor
I don't know these access to the kitchen
sir which he has plenty of you think
kitchen or laundry he also threatened my
husband with this note I bring right
show him the paper he broke into my
quarters last night so he is at least
aware of you mm-hmm is he aware of the
rest of us do you know highly possible
it's possible we've been seen sitting
dining yeah you were around when he felt
when you found the stole away right no I
wasn't there for finding the stow away
but right the the rosette Adventures
okay he so he looks very concerned and
he asks we don't have many rooms but
would you like to switch rooms
absolutely all right will we and I'll
have the the purser see to that
immediately could we see the body of
course of course
and don't include it on the manifest
please
can you not include the switch of course
yes yes of course thank you that's fine
and I'll ask I'll ask you the long book
to change all of your names in the in
the manifest so that if he does have
access to it he won't know where you're
staying so he takes you down he goes
down with you the captain's quarters are
up close to the bridge so he you guys go
all the way down the main stairway it's
a lot of stairs and he never takes the
elevator I don't trust them I don't
blame you I don't blame him yeah if if
the Lord had meant for us to move up and
down we'd have wings well said sir my
head of Micah's everything in there to
well that's a disturbing path so there's
a guard at the door of the of the
doctor's office and inside is it's clear
that the room has been cleaned up some
the dead body of Portia is under a sheet
and she's had another slab of her skin
from about this area removed and it's
approximately the same size as the
others here yeah so he's had so - just
make an estimate that's probably enough
for two days Wow maybe you have nothing
to base that on Anita
well but have you ever made candles out
of human soul I mean hold on though it's
about the same size as the last one
courage means if he has ronnie has
returned he has returned to the source
what he's - for sure he is out of fat so
guy needs to process more so if it's
been two days then it's about a to date
then we need two more you know I mean
and that gets us to the end of the the
trail you know right right so you are
keenly aware that if this boat docks in
New York he's just gone yeah yep you
know yeah peace and so he needs to stay
disguised all the way till he gets off
the boat then and we need to find him
before we reach in New York I mean the
problem is they're just so many places
to hide on this thing you know it's it's
impossible even with this boat has I'll
give you the exact number it has exactly
700 crewmen and and 1,400 passengers so
2 to 1 right but a lot of those crewmen
are like in the engine room you know
rich shoveling coal which is really fun
or doing your laundry that's it so I
mean this is still in the day and age of
you know they're throwing people at the
problem that is their solution for
everything so even with 700 people they
can't check every part of this boat all
the time I take out my little notebook
and write on it and give it to you it
says a
that he's with us at all times anything
we say can be heard by him okay pass it
to you and the number right back so we
should meet in closets and then pass it
back to you so you be a whole twenty
minute thing he's all right
the captain is keenly aware if there's
nothing else I'm going to go back to the
bridge if you this is officially an
emergency and so we are going to speed
up the boat and not just travel at top
speed at night but travel at top speed
the whole time so that we can get to New
York faster and there will be men posted
on every deck we are prioritizing the
protection of the passengers and if I
could have another request is it would
you like to write it down no I think I
hold on I'm writing it down
now that you've annoyed me enough to
write a desk so excuse me for asking
captain I don't wish to question your
authority or your skills it's sailing
the boat but if we do not find this
perpetrator before we arrive he will get
loose let's let's let's propose that
this trick that he's done actually works
can we afford to not find him my
priority is the safety of the people the
passengers and the crew on this boat
that is my that is my that is what I
must be concerned with if you are
telling me that I should be worried that
an invisible man will go free in New
York and start robbing banks I don't
know what to say well if nothing else a
killer will be so it's a moral issue sir
and I'm just concerned about the safety
if not just the people here but people
in New York and perhaps anywhere else we
have a chance to stop him he's a
in a cage right now occasion even if he
can't hide invisibly he is still hiding
from you right now
you-you-you just got trapped in a cage
with people who have paid for I know
it's safe voyage really that safe voyage
is my responsibility
my number-one responsibility is to get
this boat and everyone on it safely into
New York and I will do that with all
possible speed like I said it was all
with all due respect something to
consider that's all yes if if you come
to a point where you believe that
slowing down the boat would make the
difference in whatever investigation you
do please come to me and I will consider
it but you it would take a great deal of
evidence for this to be the case my my
responsibilities are clear in this
matter
is it possible to have a guard on her
body here indeed we're going to bury her
at sea okay good yeah that's fine and
we're going to announce it and make sure
that people know so that he knows that
her body is not here anymore and that he
has lost access to whatever it is he
thinks he has access to can we think
about that for a second again I just
like seems unlike you know that's him
[Laughter]
let's think about this if he's we do not
want him to again perpetrate the exact
identical crime on another individual so
if he's killing somebody cutting them up
you know what happens if we do set it
why did he choose this girl well
probably because she was she was a thief
she was on not on the manifest she was
you know she was somebody that you could
easily miss in fighting a thief matter
she wasn't on the manifest
it's it's gone with that it's
gentleman believes that a magical spell
can be created to turn him invisible
he'll try to follow certain like as soon
did you say magical spell you just see
his eyes like like no we're not saying
that we I'm not saying it's real I'm
just saying he believes that it is real
and if he's psychotic to believe that it
is real he will follow the instructions
precisely and part of it has to be she
has to be a thief okay well then we
should dispose of the body but what
happens if you find somebody else with
another minor infraction against them on
the boat you know so now you've got two
bodies instead of one body and
potentially if we could put the body in
a place that could be easily watched by
your host as bait mm-hmm to catch him
and let's be honest or he's already
listening to what we're saying and it
won't work anymore
ready forgot what he wrote here's my
question for you and please I asked this
with respect on one hand you tell me
that this man can turn invisible and go
anywhere he wants that's correct
on the other hand you say we have bait
for a trap for him how do you trap
someone who's invisible and can go
anywhere he wants well that's a good
question but we can work it out somebody
is a little time someone who's invisible
still has mass they haven't they haven't
turned into into vapor see them doesn't
mean they aren't there no one again do
you really believe that he's invisible
no I think he's just hiding but that was
crazy but he's he hearing the
conversation he could be hit that well
hidden he could be in the vents
somewhere so your recommendation is not
to bury the will not just yet and not to
announce to everyone that we've gotten
rid over the body or that whatever you
know we should tell people they should
be you come on driving a crazy man
to the edge you know god knows what he
could do next all right well I'll I'll
take your advice in this matter and I
will I'll have a guard posted on this
room 24/7 and we'll go from there
Thank You captain thank you you have
this could be the difference between us
succeeding and not so thank you very
much and I have informed the captain of
the watch
and the purser that you are to have
access to any area of the vote that you
that you need you only have to ask for
either of them and one of them or myself
will be on duty at all at any time and
if you require anything else please let
me know I'm going to I'm going to let
people know that we're speeding up but
I'm gonna say it's because of the
weather that we think is coming and I'm
going to do everything I can to not
cause any undue alarm any more undue
alarm all right thank you thank you
thank you for your time there's only one
more thing that I know boy oh no I need
you to hand me two inspiration Thank You
GI Joe Jerry Pate Hren where are Tom
acts in the same on when you need Thank
You Baroness oh man if that is your real
name
if I you know if that had happened early
enough I would have changed the Duchess
so you're you're returning from the from
oh do that sure I do want us to have a
conversation about what we just
discussed to discuss more in detail yes
like the actual plan we need to find a
closet make all of you can make me gosh
what would this be maybe like an
engineering role Oh God mechanical
repair mechanical repair all right buddy
who make up first of all if you made it
make a check
second of all what happens if we didn't
invite him though well so while they're
talking about we need to find a place
where he can't you think hey the engine
room is super noisy mmm that's a grater
but not at all dangerous and if we find
him we can throw him into the
machinist modown the Shipton seekers so
yeah you could have known off your like
oh hey you can't hear us in the engine
room right we can barely hear ours yeah
yeah yes actually better than a
closet is the engineer it is super loud
that is a fair point and we have like
free rein of this boat right all you
need to do is get the master of the
watch or the purser and they'll take you
anywhere on the boat all right it and I
couldn't get a badge I need to inspect
that cheesecake I need to try every
single yeah no it was it was very clear
that you have full access but they still
want to like make sure you're not doing
weird things that you would do right
[Laughter]
alright so the engine room
is in fact super loud come super warm
nice there are some of it as as the
ladies walk in there are some very
uncomfortable shirtless men who are like
shoveling coal oh who are not used to a
feminine presence and they they sort of
are like trying not to look over and and
yeah you can have a you you have no
doubt that because you're like standing
here at each other and yelling and
barely hearing each other so which we
are not going to enact you know theater
of the mind but you you are very
confident that he will reg '''l cannot
hear what you're discussed the purser by
the way is now like standing at the door
like what like one right he was like I
wonder why they need to come down here
and then you stand in a very tight
circle each other you need to explain
what's in that book
the purser is just sort of like I
explained to him that there's five
and now is he also is he also bought on
in chat more like double duty Thank You
Warren
helping us out and and keeping those
those the riffraff
those are keeping the riffraff in line
that is exactly right so I'm just gonna
I'm gonna admit to you guys I just made
that up I don't even know if that's a
great idea or not no the fact that we
need to keep the body and watch the body
I meant wrap him I'm not too sure
exactly how we're gonna do this it just
came out of my mouth I'm sorry for
dropping us into the having to hang out
with a dead body for the next few days
no honestly though though the Jackson
Dana house how can you notice that the
increase in speed in the boat is
noticeable it's actually in the engine
room
when the boat is normally traveling they
only speed up his night so at night
things are a lot rockier yeah so things
are definitely rockier now during the
day off also not only is it well
murder but he's here to steal he's here
stealing things from wealthy people yes
did we get it we didn't get a manifest
for the richest person you did not ask
for that you I mean anybody in first
class has money now most of them aren't
as dumb as the Duchess to leave money
sitting around you know in a bag but all
of them would have jewelry of some
variety probably in yeah a in a
container of some brush or perhaps you
know because you you do this a lot the
ship has a safe hmm and the ship safe is
usually around the bridge and it's very
secure and that's where like if say
somebody was traveling with like I had
the custom Fiori emerald or something
you know that would go in the safe
all right we could use the safe the ship
safe ooh it should work just fine for
that unless someone can actually go
through locks mm-hmm the hand of glory
can't do that I agree
pass through doors open open any lock
yeah I mean so from you reread the first
thing you did was you reread the whole
hand of glory on section and it's very
obliquely written what it what it
technically says and one of our
commenters actually read the Wikipedia
thing was like that's not what it's at
but what it technically says is that
anybody who wields it cannot be
perceived basically but and if anyone's
trying to stop them they aren't
perceived by those who will try and stop
them and they they nothing can there's
no obstacles to them so that's sort of
the prosaic language but your
interpretation is that it can open locks
like no you know that sort of thing well
perhaps we should go there right away I
mean the safe would seem to be the
primary place if everyone is intelligent
and put their money there then that
would be the best place I can't imagine
why he hasn't gone for it sooner he may
already that's not smart
make me an intelligence role I just like
making even roll dice how smart nope
but not that smart all right you know
you've got shiny information you can
also spend luck how much did you miss it
by Oh a ton all right well then you can
spend all that low 42 points or
something both here well not only that
too if I use inspiration I may not make
it again that's time I thought would
never happen three times this could be
more like 20 that's why
Wow what don't you see huh I don't know
what what can I make an intelligence 20
your intelligence is 20 yeah Wow all
right all right she's a well schooled
dumb ideas all the time
stop me if I'm wrong yep okay so you're
leaving the engine room then wait we
haven't covered I mean could I cuz I've
got a pretty high intelligence could you
roll in and tell it to his check no nope
you know he's this older than anyone who
actually has high and do this was I'm
asleep Amy said something to herself
that would have triggered a thought
mmm-hmm that she would have experienced
ended up and so I was giving I was
giving her the chance to be like hey
wait a minute when that happens with
other people they'll get the same chance
pharisee fine inspiration if we waste it
is that Wars not wisdom swords the
Warren do it baby Vegas blow on it I
missed it by eight don't use your look
your luck oh I love it when they spend
luck luck never comes back no it doesn't
but if I'm unlucky if I so if I'm
totally out of luck what happens all
right so I'm out of luck so you you
know you would mumbled to yourself he's
not that smart
mmm-hmm and that triggers an ear thought
like he's not he's like yeah he's a
smash-and-grab guy he's just stealing
whatever he can find and he's like
taking the most obvious targets and
things like that so you know when you
think about ways to trap him or ways to
figure stuff out it would be it would be
so it comes down to like whoever's the
flashiest who's wearing all of their
jewelry and like things that he can see
at dinner you know people who like
obviously like what's-her-name with the
suitcase of money right
yeah oh my god you say dumb thing yeah
he would go for yeah he's this is not
like a cultist or a wizard this is a
like stupid thief who found a way to be
invisible and yes now like very excited
about the opportunities that affords
perhaps well and never got to hang on so
if he hasn't we can ask or we can
actually potentially write a note to the
captain to find out if anything is
missing I don't know if I would call
attention to the fact that we should all
traipse upstairs and be like what's in
the safe okay he is following us no but
I could bring an item to be deposited in
the safe that would be a reason that's
possible or you could just wear it
around because he's already broken into
your hotel or something super flashy oh
yeah wow he didn't steal anything when
he broke in oh you didn't take anything
would buddy go no it was just a threat
yeah it was just to let you know you
know which we got to get even yeah yes
we do I absolutely agree a genius idea
let's go to his room immediately no he's
not in his room well exactly I can't
leave a note if I'm not in his room so
the best time to bring up somebody's
room this is my car at breakfast or at
dinner
exactly hmm so perhaps we head to the
first class during breakfast and see
what happens
listen for any doors yeah okay so you
head up to the first class I think
can we get properly dressed at some
point now actually yeah so you come back
to your rooms you get dressed
it is about 8:00 8:30 and my espresso
and you're traveling down the hall
towards the first class a hallway and
there's on your left there's an open
door and it's the library and the
library is just this beautiful old oak
appointed room floor-to-ceiling
bookshelves desks it's it's it's like
nothing else on the ship it's beautiful
and yeah
as you walk by you hear a very familiar
force say boom Bertrand look she's got
the cards and you see describe why
describe yourself hello my name is Lady
Jezebel my friends call me Belles and so
you're you know she's dressed in I
don't know if anybody would Kylie there
we go
Wow look at that alright is sitting down
at a table and Lady Jezebel has a deck
of some sort of deck of cards you're
familiar with Tyrone you said have you
ever heard of tarot cards probably okay
yeah I I think that it's actually all
hooey because it's actually an ancient
Roman like card game right yeah okay a
fortune telling scheme and Thomas what
do you have you know not Terro probably
yeah I've debunked that strangely the
Duchess has not heard of them and she
isn't changing and Bertrand could care
less Bertrand is just like he's over in
like the picture book section of the
library like looking for like a Life
magazine or something and so you start
to give the Duchess or in like you all
hear the Duchess and you see this and
she starts to give the Duchess a reading
now Duchess breathe and focus on the
heart yes don't worry the death card
doesn't actually mean death why does it
say death pin oh the reverse Tower hmm
hmm is that good and the aid of swords
this is a very interesting reading
Duchess hmm so there's something in your
life or a part of you that will die
maybe a part of that you you do not like
say you might be everybody makes me
loosen up I fear God because I've got
comments
oh yes the hard success Oh failure at a
so with overboard with a hard success
you hear Burchard mumble under his
breath about how she could stand to lose
a few pounds Michael I just completely
ignore that the reverse tower is
actually a really good card meaning
something has already broken down but
something is going to be building up in
your life - something probably really
great they're gonna find my money
probably and the aid of sword means just
be careful
that's all I have for you have a good
day Duchess so I'm not gonna die no and
something good is gonna happen yes but I
should be careful yes well that seems
clear enough does it does it though and
she tell me again of the mysteries of
the Orient like pecans I know now you
see that probably Madame jessabelle has
been trapped there for about 20 minutes
longer than she wanted to be there like
the Duchess is you've all seen the type
she thinks the occult the occult and the
mysteries of the spirit world are
fascinating and yeah yeah Lady Justice
was like as you pika Jesu you see some
like the Duchess slides some like slides
a bill over and she says do you think
that you will be able to talk to my
beloved William come back tomorrow and
we shall see oh yes she says do you
think we'll be able to talk to my
beloved William the table starts to rise
up oh and the Duchess shrieks maybe he's
ready to speak now all right I'm not
I'm sipping espresso you feel like
that's what got you to stop was thick
the table is like shaking and rising
what if original it could be under there
so they're in it together Reginald and
lady maybe he's trying to hide a double
scam the table drops hmm
he says hello book start flying off the
shelf that's anice Bertrand
Bertrand rolls a hundred on his sanity
check Bertrand just like goes no and
just run like shoulders his way
throughout than likes out of my way
interesting here I shall have some more
coffee I start to want to find see if I
can see a waiter somewhere so you know
you're not doing this and you don't know
what's happening
are you has this ever happened before
yes but I'm not comfortable with it okay
make me a sandy drool oh boy mm-hmm what
do i Orson title thank you this is my
first role of Cthulhu oh only seven
what's your sanity what is my sand 71
thank you all right all right so you're
gonna go into that role cuz I'm used to
Aaron to the points of sanity so reduce
it just move the circle down Todd here
here from 71 to see Santa we have one
more inspiration coming our way
squirrel on the roads
[Applause]
playing very excited when she heard the
Duchess was returning that's the only
reason I was like I know how sighs
characters coming back I wanted to be
the Duchess again so legit so yeah
you're a little freaked out
and you kind of don't want to be in here
anymore no cuz the last time this
happened it wasn't good right nope no
yeah no can we see that she's freaked
out
yes okay yeah and you see like so
Bertrand like just freaked out and ran
away she's like trying to make sure
she's like getting all the money in her
pouch and I need to go in and see what's
going on in here okay three people are
assaulting you I'm moving under the
table I'm like what's happening here are
you so when they come in all the stuff
stops moving how can I be of service to
you today well first of all are you
right you look perfectly fine just how
did you make the table move was this one
tiny no no hole for your magic mm-hmm
I'm about to tell after all okay I mean
when the Duchess leaves you can tell me
how you Oh was it William oh I miss him
so Oh William my son
oh I'm sorry I've gone too soon the
Great War yes I'm sorry to hear that
too many were gone too soon mm-hmm his
school was bombed mm-hmm I'm sorry
well the spirits have been resting for
now so we'll probably best for you to
come back tomorrow to continue your
reading thank you so much where did
Bertrand get off to Bertrand that way
mm-hmm little is not that is not
a cheap parlor trick you did there what
how that the table trick I don't know it
wasn't a cheap high ledger because you
can't cause the books to fly off the
shelf random
without having access to the whole ship
beforehand and you my dear don't have
that kind of money do you strange that
she's trying to hold it okay
very interesting yeah there you don't
see any cracks those of you those of you
that are searching the room make a spot
hidden roll under the table check it off
yep
yeah with that success yeah you
definitely smell sulphur hmm hmm oh I
still my milk with me where's the sulfur
uh it's kind of it's throughout the
library there's no like you know this
corner or anything like that so fruit be
a new smell for me right wouldn't ya
okay so this is gonna be weird but I'm
gonna start like spritzing milk all
breathing like just holy water and the
low end of what I'm gonna do what am i
rolling yeah definitely cuz my luck is
forty something and I rolled a 34
perfect okay you don't douse the bit the
Duchess okay hang up and leaving you run
to the door and the Duchess is like I
beg your pardon your yard charming um
please please hurry please hurry
dirt I beg your pardon don't worry about
it Duchess we've got that yes young
man women of my stature never hurry
Bertram is calling for you what that way
I think what he's in trouble is she like
she likes animals through you night you
cannot coexist in the door
so she is a formidable woman and but
once she's through there yeah so I I try
and as gracefully as possible role it
not allow a lot of room between us okay
make me hmm what do you think I'd also
accept you're still in D&amp;D mode man also
accept that either add X or a luck role
if it's a Dex role you're trying to like
finesse your way around her if it's a
luck role you're just trying to like get
right I know 2000 try and do the luck
okay exactly exactly alright so maybe
the exactly 80 is that your luck yeah
all right wow he's a lucky guy I'm
playing an NPC dude so you manage you're
not as you slide in after her very close
behind her you manage not to grope her
in any way excellent which caused a
scene she
trundles off down the hallway calling
for Bertrand and yeah you feel like
there was very little daylight I shut
the door there is no door Oh books it's
in it's an interior DEP
it's in the middle on the door down
right yeah I okay I'm just gonna stand
there all right it doesn't mean there is
only one entrance so is it your consult
you it's just I don't even have that
kind of money we need to figure this out
and you look disturbed you don't very
disturbed I'm trying to do so here comes
some hand-waving II they explain to
you what they're doing and what's going
on and and that there's a they think
there's a guy who's invisible and you're
all a little surprised she is not as
nonplussed by that is she probably I'm
busy with the mellah time
glory I saw that next last Tuesday so so
you're just like yeah the milk does not
smell good
it's not make me a dexterity I'm
mister by to I don't want to spend any
luck I want you to spend luck just
splash whatever you want it's fine but I
want to find something maybe you meet
you well that the inspiration maybe you
need to fail we have to actually hit yes
to fail to succeed is the desperation
inspiration come on inspiration fine
dude yes you know she nope 93 these are
all new terrible ones I am starting a
tally so when it was three times last
time the inspiration failed you twice
let me see those dice up to five nice
change so you're out of your bubble I
wasn't before there there's a there's
some minor collateral damage to the
books of the room and you feel like you
know you feel like if there was somebody
in this room they would have at least
some milk on them okay
plus I'm on milk that's a lot of milk
because you've gotta douse the flame
interesting you can't just sprinkle the
candle event you've got to actually put
the frame right but if you can find him
then you know where - yeah well so
you've read the book you know you've
read that section of the book you know
that it is not there is now it is not
it's now you're right it is not like
milk will make it visible its milk will
put the candle out that's another lie
interpret it I was just looking for
there you go
but yeah just gonna forget you know
liquid pouring around an object that's
invisible
yeah well oh so we could so we need to
get like a spray bottle yeah well they
don't make those back you have a whole
you have like a spigot it punches it out
that's well this is if you want a lot
yeah that's like a big tank thing to add
at about this time the captain's voice
comes over the the radio the loudspeaker
and they announce that that the the ship
will be traveling will be speeding up
during the day and they inform all the
crew to use the travel protocol so like
at lunches the that the stuff they put
down will like be in little sockets and
things so that it doesn't roll when the
ship is moving things like that they
take the chandelier down no I have they
have various precautions that they take
Reginald's ruining everybody's fun and
and the ship noticeably speeds up okay
we do like stagger-step a little yeah
it's definitely you know you noticed the
motion of the boat a lot more mm-hmm
okay so I'm gonna sit down and be like
ok taro lady I'm done I'm sitting down
so this woman the Builder husband this
brain being problem yeah you smell like
rotten milk we are
sacrifices need to be made so explain
the spraying me with milk well if you've
heard of the hand of glory of course but
you know it's very the person with me
keeps put the candle out with the know
about it but if you can find the person
yeah but the Mel kook I meet him aim he
could better under the table moving the
table he could have been flipping the
books off the shelves your ways right
yeah those Oh on alert for for what what
do you want to learn for anyone
invisible trying to get past me okay how
are you want to learn for that just like
this it's funny you say that
what excellent timing there is a
piercing pain in your side you take five
points of damage
oh that's right I'm an npc
something that NPCs can't die I may be a
con roll Oh take care good oh yeah okay
under so you don't fall down you've just
been stabbed in the side I I'd go like
this Oh God and I spray blood all over
the place alright so you're pulling the
night is still in you like squeezed
together so you rip the knife out of the
wound you should be just doing this yes
okay you take another blood out and and
as soon as I see a solid shape it's
getting shot okay make a listen roll for
me to see you solid shape sure can i
inspiration this yes yes do you need
these dice back
it's not a me so it doesn't count a
tally mark but you can spend you can't
die
[Laughter]
I ain't gonna spend 20 look oh this is
glorious this is just how Thomas plays
you hear you hear very faintly you hear
like a surprised laughter and and again
very faintly like just oh it's not
somebody whispering but it sounds like a
whisper you hear a very cultured voice
says well I didn't expect that and where
is it you can't tell what there's just a
voice in front of you plus you're very
focused on squeezing your blood which it
Jackson makes a sort of a little noise
and then what really it's what really
gets your attention is the clattering of
the knife as he pulls a knife out of
himself and throws it to the ground and
when you turn around
he's now squeezing blood out of a large
stab wound yeah in my professional
opinion that's not something you should
be doing that man is a genius
[Laughter]
it's all about the context there's just
an additional invisible person on this
boat on that one are you gonna continue
to like force your blood out of your
bond on if I'm not it's it's not having
the effect that you don't want anything
doesn't work either
no she told me though that I have to put
the candle out it's not that I was
writing the person okay so I'm gonna
grab a book and start like trying to
make you know I mean to make right I was
gonna say meet him though hmm
well I throw the book in his direction
cuz I'm now I'm done you know so I'm not
gonna make it wrong don't hit him with
the book because he's so much one though
him or the other person well he's the
only one you can see I know but like I
know what he's doing I don't know how
can I come up alongside him and see if I
can find this yeah person so you're all
now walking so you now see your new
friends all walking around the library
like playing blind man's bluff reaching
out and is logic to like figure where he
might be
yeah based on what has happened and like
maybe throw the milk bottle at so logic
comes in very handy
because you notice that there is so when
you when you when you're like okay if he
was there he'd have to stab him from
here mhm
you see appearing magically on the floor
footprints in the blood can ie
throw the bottle sure you got the bottle
at and it passes right through where it
should be
uh-huh and crashes onto the books and
splashes that's and you start to surmise
that the the the hand of it's not it's
not true the book like the book says
it's not traditional and visibility
instead it's just that you can't
perceive him but after a certain point
you start to perceive you know like two
minutes ago or whatever and so these
footprints start to appear but they're
sort of the footprints of the past to
deny it
God it is Italy
[Music]
and so you're still trying to stand in
the doorway and block everything yeah
and you now have a number of people
around you okay good
I'm sure he's gone you need help
mm-hmm let's get you to the doctor the
doctor is very good all right so you
your your stateroom is fairly close to
here you like to join us
yeah I'm not staying in the bloody line
what anyone like to tell someone to
clean up the library it's my job your
husband is having breakfast in the room
and he's sitting on a chair in his
undershirt and boxer shorts like reading
a newspaper with socks pulled off like
mail garter I kind of redirect people to
the washroom all right yeah your room
has your room is a sitting room there's
like a sitting room in a bedroom and say
dear oh sorry sorry sorry
I'm an emergency an emergency oh let me
well then he actually doesn't get change
he comes running in with his bag so
there's a gentleman in his underwear now
in front of you he starts to do he'll
he'll start patching you up he's very
good you get three hit points back whoo
so I actually will go find a purse or
and explain who did what is this a knife
why is it oh did somebody grab a knife
no and that was my thought is that I
want to go back okay good language well
not only that tell the PERT you know
tell the purser to tell the captain what
happened okay you know you could've
grabbed the knife from the way out and
then also to make sure and go back and
write fine so you evidence is still
there first you go to the purser and you
tell him what happened to the library
and he says okay we'll get people there
to clean it up then you go back to the
library the knife is gone of course it
is and I suppose a was it a butter knife
of course it's a butter knife the floor
of the floor of the library is like
spattered with blood yeah and like
footprints okay of various kind and is
there any way to figure out where like
what you know I mean besides all the
craziness well so here's the easier
things are a whole group of them go this
way one goes that way you know one goes
okay the other way in the first class
okay so he came back to Gary stayed here
he was still there and he got the knife
and then he left
so can we can I kind of trace where they
go sure okay you follow him so you
follow them too
you follow them down a couple decks seem
like a storage room a laundry storage
room and you find the shoes you find
little shoes in the room okay and is
what else is in the storage room a bunch
of laundry a bunch of like ship uniforms
and stuff okay okay but it looks like
they're dirty okay and what do you
picked up another pair of shoes than
that it's possible there are definitely
shoes there mm-hmm
but you you clearly found the bloody
ones how far am i from Reginald's Oh a
long ways he was in the very bottom of
the ship okay they've also they've
posted a guard on his room okay so if he
ever comes back that person will get
stabbed happened to entirely possible
okay is there hmm is there anything else
around like I'm just in a laundry room
make me a spot hidden role mm-hmm here
comes a 9950 which actually I think yeah
I'm I'm okay you seem good yeah you see
you like look through the place and and
it takes you a little bit but you find
enough of a candle how gross is the
candle very I mean like it's a human fat
and it's homemade yeah I didn't touch it
officially in touch I just found it yes
that's right but you found like the nub
the discarded nub of a candle and
there's nothing
else in here like does it look like it
says hideout or is this just where he
kind of is there any like rent so you're
you know like I'm just trying to
determine like my you'll here's to
determine with news out stuff and he's
gonna go make another candle right now
or this is where I'm hiding stuff and
this is certain this doesn't look like
where he's hiding stuck out it looks
like he knows the ship pretty well and
so he knew he could come here and get
close okay so he could get rid of the
clothes like he must have seen that he
was leaving footprints and stuff so he
wanted to get stuff okay so I'm gonna
take some other clothes grab the gross
candle you're taking clothes
oh you're wrapping yeah like I'm not
gonna touch like you want a ship's
uniform okay shopping back to the store
room later so I'm gonna take it you yeah
I am going to go back and find the paper
smells that seems sold first yeah okay
still wrapping it more do I run back
when I on my way back to the route do I
find the purser sure let me know he's
like looking at the library yeah and let
him know that there's also the bloody
shoes from our perpetrator you tell him
the storage room exactly somebody you
check it on don't tell about the candle
and then I circumvent bright or circle
back to where everybody is okay whip the
candle out be like he's making another
one we've got to go are you okay
fantastic did you did you hear or see
anything when you got stabbed I felt
something
only afterwards I laughter when I was
trying to spray around my blood he was
laughing it it is ridiculous
but but did his laughter sound like the
reginald voice and I hit her it hurts
okay
yeah what's regiment or assuming this is
happening while I was sure oh my god we
get three more inspiration inspiration
Oh beau the GM of our awesome NAT one
program I'm just gonna give these all
baby is far away from me they do good
jobs over there so yeah dumb things you
roam are there and you to make me
intelligence rolls from something that
you think yeah yeah sixteen that's right
yeah that's the super duper one success
so you both you both had said like he
had said I think there's another
invisible person on this coat and you
would agreed with him mmm-hmm there's
only been one hand taken famine so
unless you find another left hand of a
thief missing which I'm sure we would
have heard about by now you think I mean
it could be that someone brought another
one in there I thought there might be an
actual ghost the milk going right
through it surprise that Reginald had a
cultured voice yes yeah you know you see
he's a waiter on a fancy boat and he can
put on airs there so yeah so you're now
in your stateroom
your husband has like he's he's bound
your wound and he's nice to know yeah
he's giving you didn't work he said he's
a very good surgeon and sadly you've had
enough experiences in the world to know
good surgeons from bad surgeons and
there are some really unfortunately you
know it's too early in time for them to
think of it as medical waste but there
are some sheets that should not be used
again speaking of which I come rolling
in with a candle brafton it wrapped in
t-shirt drop it down on the table
alright that's gross which is the
t-shirt so I'm gonna just reprisal
so that's why so I traced his bloody
footsteps all the way to a storage room
where he dropped his shoes changed his
clothes shoes and probably his clothes
dump this nub of a candle which means
that he might be making one like now or
soon so if he was smart which he isn't
hmm he would have already had made one
this is true true but maybe not okay
then again you've seen my intelligence
well that means that we need to get to
the kitchen and the laundry immediately
face making it right now you were in the
laundry yeah yeah fine now it's about
noon now it's been oh so it's gonna be
super busy and it's been a while he's
not a Maitre at in in in the kitchen at
the moment he was hiding hiding he's
probably trying to sleeve right now hmm
or steal something why steal somethin
well if his that's assuming that he
hasn't already made yeah words we're
assuming we're hoping that he hasn't
made another one yet speaking of the
doughnuts shaped inspiration donut means
no no donuts don't just don't know what
do I care about inspiration I want
donuts yeah cuz it doesn't taste very
good also sent for late so he's got to
make a candle we know where he's been
based on the scent of sulfur because
he's been fighting the loser
yeah so he's either made one and at some
place I'm just somebody helped me with
no thinking he's out to get us
well yeah well he doesn't have a
portable stove so he has to go to the
kitchen it has to be made there a doubt
he made both candles he had to take more
fruit and kill her it could be in the
laundry because in the 20s they
essentially just boil her laundry you
know that was especially on the boat
where the launderers busy
the launderers are going around the
clock
you know launderers are doing laundry
pretty much you know they have shifts
but they do it I would guess then that
he would want to be somewhere that would
be quiet like the kitchen in the middle
of the night yeah
or socially making no sense Madame
jezebel you've made candles before so
you know that it especially if it's a
small one
now hopefully you don't know like the
rendering heat of human fat
unfortunately not you know it could be
you know it could just be boiling water
you know and and sort of a double
broiler kind of thing it could just be
that and I mean from the candle you saw
it was very crudely made you know so it
could be that you know it's priming the
kitchen would make it a lot easier but
it could be like you know could work in
the laundry yeah okay well the best way
to stay hidden when you are visible is
to be in plain sight so probably he's
dressed like somebody in the laundry
room
yeah or I doubt he'll go back to the
kitchen he'd be recognized there anyway
who's a reasonable deduction would be
that he is in those probably in the
laundry unless the book he thought this
ball from also has masking spells are
there did you read it
smart read the book what I could when I
could figure out of it it's a lot of it
is in there you understand that that
okay you're at the book oh yeah it's
great things happened I bet are you
feeling okay don't can't just fine you
just got that back yeah look at you
going right are you all right professor
I am very well versed in things that
appear to be a cult in nature no I did I
will watch him squeeze his own foot
let's shoot his blood around like a
sprinkler so
I seem just doing this for someone who
debunks you kind of seem to be diving
[Music]
[Laughter]
stitch together your husband did a
fantastic job I'm ready to roll
how many occult books have you read in
your life I've written three he'd de
bunda see Michael Jackson decided to but
mostly about what I do another job and
find actual occult things that I can
prove a real I thought you're gonna be
prized the books you read appears have
been you know talking about how people
stays that they're you know that they're
ghosts here Josefa spells I just thought
you know he finds still nefarious but
not like supernatural things like this
is just you know like it's like a ghost
hunter right right or you know like
people keep disappearing area so I can
solve mystery it's a death cult you know
they're just killing people and then all
that sort of thing it's not nothing
supernatural so so at this point I
introduce myself I'm Emma Navarro I'm a
private investigator I also would at
some point be a private investigator
maybe I don't know that is true right
I'm old and might not live long
oh no I meant that the hole in your side
right and I'm us all it takes years off
holes in your side real fast real fast
um your your husband is sort of now like
real he goes to get dressed in it
speaking of which I think I should
probably put I was on to go did you not
cut and dress no I ran I never mind her
no I went to places did some things
sauce people yes
yeah hi Swami writer that's what I do
I'm going to New York tomorrow if I was
out debunking things in Nepal yeah I'm
just a little worried about you you seem
to be really mixed up in all of this
right now well I mean it is just
scholarly research is all I have done
some pretty to help see things of mine
I've done my own fair share of
spelunking but you're all right
and you well there's no prize I do they
they just help me unveil the messages
from spirits that I see hence the
floating table which I'm very
uncomfortable with when the spirits do
that to me has that happened before
unfortunately wasn't very good uh-huh so
when they do that the spirits got
restless and they get very violent I did
see the books flying about yeah your
husband walks in right as she says that
and he's like I think I'm gonna call for
lunch and probably could lay that idea
dear thank you so much
that's this is definitely an interesting
situation can is there anything we
should order for you are you going to go
up no I'm gonna have lunch here as well
unless you don't want me to be no we're
so close dear you're always welcome all
right all right
so yeah he'll go and he pulls up the
phone and he's calling a large lunch
order anything particular I don't know
what's good for a stab wound okay
chicken lots of chicken and a steak and
turf surf as well surf and turf surf
turf and chicken and all the milk you
have her and buck are just cheesecake
[Laughter]
all right so 20 minutes later there's a
knock on the door room service and
better than door - excellent you're not
you'd have to yell at him where you are
so your husband goes to answer the door
you're in the other room mm-hmm
nope yes
okay so hard yes all right I hear this
like thump okay so you two clearly here
in the other room like a thud I get up
immediately cuz I know my husband was in
the other room I I go better mediately
yeah I I get up as well and sort of palm
something in my hand okay so they get
up and they head towards the other room
when you get to the other room
there's Reginald in a waiters outfit
with a tray and under the tray he's
clearly holding a large gun and your
husband has been knocked unconscious and
I think that's where we're gonna go to
break perfect
hashtag mug everybody hold on wait wait
wait wait wait wait I'm just gonna look
at this okay hashtag mug everybody smug
do it do you have a mug that's not that
much it's not gonna be that not this
mugger that yes mug
I already boxed to the mugger this is
gonna be on ebay how do we how does this
work Thomas walk us through what do they
have to do now they type in hashtag mug
into the chat and then at some point I
hit a button and then the nightbot
automatically you know just don't hit a
button
we don't blur panels this is all
great well so hashtag mug we're gonna
take five ten minutes we're gonna take
hopefully a five-minute break but one
bathroom there's one guy
you'll be back when we're bad they had
that last bit of water well yeah and
we'll be back shortly and we'll figure
out what happens with Reginald on Oh
hold on I actually have to do something
here the desired one job one job you
might like for today everything stabbed
you
welcome back I hope you enjoyed the lack
of music it was you know it was a break
for contemplation a quiet moment to
really look at it and apparently talk
about camping congratulations to the
mighty meatball thank you for sticking
around watching this stupid stupid
Cthulhu I'm sorry yeah I'm gonna change
your lower third I don't go to your D&amp;D
game I'm gonna change your lower third
to not API alright so one of these for
those of you who recently suffered major
head trauma before we went to break 10
minutes ago the the guy that they've
been looking for Reginald showed up in
their room with a gun and very visible
good and when you come in like the gun
like you to come in first and the gun is
like clearly trained on you hello
Reginald what a pleasure
hi original what do you want I want you
but you have killed someone Reginald and
it looks like you're threatening to kill
my husband and my life didn't I tell
somebody it just she might have died but
I didn't kill her
that is a very interesting jump of logic
what are you trying to do here we've
scared a lot of people trying to get off
this boat
oh there could have been other ways for
you to die
alright that because I kind of want to
know what like what's the logistics of
this cuz I get a small tight room so
he's at the front door yeah those two
are in the the door Oh like it's a
sitting room yeah you were in the
bedroom got it so I can't run past him I
mean you could try to maybe but he's got
a gun you know and he's at the front
door and your husband is lying on the
ground unconscious he's clearly been
pistol-whipped and and is there like a
little phone in the bedroom that I could
sure yeah okay
so I'm gonna try and quietly like call
for help yeah okay okay there's other
ways off of this boat you you're a
waiter on the ship you could have just
easily gotten off why did you have to
make such a thing out of this it makes
no sense I I'm not gonna not take the
money if I can't I'm all-powerful no one
can see me doors open in front of me as
long as you have the candle list what do
you know about the candle what do you
know about the candle I know everything
I need to know about the candle are you
sure about the book you got it from do
you know what happens to people read
books like that do you have any idea I
don't have the book anymore I couldn't
this was the only party that I could
read hmm
most of its in like I don't know some
other language that you didn't bother to
read which means you didn't read the
fine print look I'm gonna make this very
easy for you very simple I'm gonna go
but first I'm gonna tell you
this leave me alone let me get off this
boat I'll never bother you again and
that's all we got to do we just have a
day maybe two I don't know they sped up
day and a half according to the captain
yeah okay stop talking to the captain
stop looking for me leave me alone if
any of you if I see any of you looking
after me again
somebody's gonna die and it's gonna be
your fault are you going to kill someone
if we leave you alone no ways no I don't
want to kill people I just want to be
rich
I see so leave me alone don't boss stop
you know you pretend like you're looking
for me go I don't know whatever you were
doing with milk and whatever you were
doing
you're weird just leave me alone
but if again if I see any of you looking
for me somebody's gonna die and he like
an ID should take roll your firearm you
have dis admit wait hold on
oh so give me a reason why shooting
through the doorway where they are
standing nevermind III take a shot okay
you would you you palmed your gun you
have disadvantage on this shot because
he is used trailing around to run cancel
that nope all right so a shot rang rings
out it is loud like it seems like the
whole ship could hear and certainly in
first class I fell off the chair
[Laughter]
hopefully not on this side and you hear
footsteps going down you know going down
the hallway and a what are you doing I'm
gonna run out the door and run after him
okay what are you doing I'm yelling to
whoever is on the phone he you know as
soon as a shot went off the personal
phones like what's going on exactly I
kept telling you Reginald is like have
you know how to where lies so you give
him the legs actually I'm like why are
you not here okay what are you doing I'm
going to chase after him okay I'm gonna
to a nearby small table pull out my
bells and incense all right yeah could I
tell did in all my years of judging
characters with the students and people
that have taught can I tell that he was
telling the truth was Diddley since all
zero okay no so I'll give you this
anyway he he seemed he seemed to mean it
okay you know that you know and I mean
where where you couldn't get a read on
it was the whole part about you know are
you gonna kill anybody right you know
that's sort of thing but in general he's
the the you know he made you the offer
okay you know so you feel like that
offer was made in in good faith yeah
faith maybe not good faith I don't know
but but in faith things okay so I'm
attending to my husband that was just
what I was gonna ask okay so yeah you
you can start to get him going alright
was he wearing waders oh okay so he
leaders all right so it sees in his
normal well or he I mean they're
probably close he's flanked in the
laundry room okay but I mean it once
again underscores that he knows the ship
pretty well and he's taking advantage of
his knowledge of the ship okay you two
chasing after him both make me decks
rolls let me know most of hard
well mister hard okay so I got 20 and my
decks is 75 I don't know if that is a
critic so you should have the little
numbers in there down okay yeah I should
have the chart yeah I think that's I
think you're good so so at least a hard
success alright so you got a normal
success right yes okay so you're you're
running down the hall you beat his
success so you have now he turned and
you saw him you you like turning to that
corridor and right as you turn he turns
so you're you're on you're on him right
on his tail you're on his trail
so you need to make a hard success to
catch up to the chase you need to make a
hard success to get into sight of him
Ardex well you need to beat this
obsessing critical oh my is his Dex yeah
so he's rolling this is a mmm do you
want one yeah music please you're close
anymore just under my decks okay no I'd
say no you're gonna in tain where you
are and you catch up to her so he
knows you have a gun and so he's not
like he's not using any long hallways
smart he's like turning and turning and
turning and so he is he's you're you're
you know every time you turn a corner
you just see him turn the corner so one
more roll you're gonna need the roll
well here Wow I got an 18 out of 75 I
don't know that's critical but it's good
all right so you you both whip around a
corner and you have you see him like
opening the door to a room and he slams
the door shut but he went through the
wall earlier right he doesn't he doesn't
have to let ya hang anymore not he's not
home but how did he get out of the room
he's visible he was in the doorway
oh and she'll just ran out of oh okay
cuz he was he was room service look just
oh god you okay what kind of what kind
of room is it it looks like a state room
is it locked
uh you haven't tried I'm gonna try the
day alright so you get up to the door
the door is locked
okay alright you can you know you can
one of you can watch the door and one of
even go get the purser or something or
you know to get the door unlock to get a
passkey or probably the guard the guard
that's on duty in the nearest hallway
can unlock the door for you start
yelling go go get the guard okay I go
get the guard okay and I'm gonna put my
pistol away and palm something else okay
back in the room I'm three sailors have
come in after hearing the gunshot and
your call and they're making sure
everyone's okay and get some ice for my
husband please one of them will go and
do that and then one of them is gonna
stand guard outside your door
and one of them is going to so so yeah
and and one of them is like gonna try
and go off and find you know find the
others he hears yelling off to the side
so yeah you get you get the the guard on
the watch to come you're just staying on
the door yeah ready
listen Owens nope okay
everything's fine you get me you get
back with the guard and the door they
get the door open and it's a balcony
room and the balcony door is open course
it is I know I'm gonna go look over but
not like he's right by the thing he is
not I won't even make you roll sorry you
know I do I see any alleged or anything
that he might have he kept on low so he
could have just dropped down deck below
it was only about a 15-foot drop not fun
but you know he was panicked and ready
to go but you do not see any Sun gonna
drop down below okay make a make a decks
roll 21 yeah hard success I'm gonna
follow us like a cat you smell something
uh yes I got a 4 ok so so you doing a
new purse it's a room and you're like
the guy who's the guy who opened the
door like you literally you're in there
for like three seconds and then you're
like over the edge in full skirt stay
here then yeah yeah you both like drop
down no problem as I go over I'm like
so you you come down and you're on the
promenade so this is the large outside
deck the lower outside deck of the boat
where you know everybody sits on their
chaise lounges and that sort of thing
and when you drop both of you make me
luck rolls if there's anybody on the
front left do we smell anything oh gods
no all right so you know I mean I'm in
it you guys made the decks roll no
problem so everything's great we don't
die no no no you don't even noting that
but but you're there's a you make a
scene and you hear you know people like
what does that young woman doing what is
you know so people are clearly noticing
you know that there's you know you've
disrupted a shuffleboard game or
something go you know people like cuz
you guys dropped and you like
immediately tear off you know looking
around and so do I see anyone wearing
that that uniform make a spot hidden
role do I as well I'm running make a
spot direction that's not in the esses
yep I made it okay so you see one of the
you see a waiter's jacket thrown on a
chaise lounge okay and then he just had
her like a regulation yeah yeah point
shirt I mean you can still be wearing
like white pants white shirt so it's not
he would probably stand out in the
sunlight but the the shade it looks like
he ran inside back in down run back
inside okay unless he knew so he
knows the boat a lot better than you
it's probably gonna be really hard for
you to find him you can I will give you
both a track role
I'm guessing neither of you has the
track skill now correct but you know
you gotta you gotta put a 1% chance or
something 10% 10%
yeah
so tracking is not something either if
you do and he has you know he knows the
boat really well so he has probably run
somewhere but yeah so coming back here
uh there's there's a you're you're
telling the st. the sailors asking you a
bunch of questions about what just
happened and all this stuff
you're like dealing with your husband
you got the ice and all of a sudden she
starts ringing a little bell like and
she's burning this incense that smells
really awful that's my own prejudice I
hate incense so but I love it so I'm
like The Odd Couple
and so she's burning this incense and
bringing this bell and how do you sort
of how do you okay I write it down
actually nice spirits of the sea spirits
that were buried at sea come to my aid
and stop the murder on board so any of
nearby spirits that were buried at sea
if they want to come help make me a pal
roll it's one of your staff I roll the
360 sanity rules good and quickly glad
to hear your internet your issues with
twitch have cleaned up and you can join
us cry on my spellwork house yeah I
missed it by said you should use
inspiration you should luck no luck all
right so do you want to you want to use
inspiration or not I use it I know I'm
gonna mess it up anyway but I've been on
getting the hash mark ready ruining
these downloads
in the box I'm keeping it can I keep it
sure yes most yeah that is at least it's
one yeah let me do the tencel's okay
because these are yeah keep these zeros
that's fine so seven alright so yes I'm
fine so you can just thank you for
Ashley's one sanity and your ears pop
ooh like it feels like when spirits in
your hands it feels like high pressure
like all of a sudden comes in here
there's this surge of pressure in the
room and you you swear that you see like
old-timey naval officers hmm in like
tattered jackets and things come into
the room now through like the balcony
both of you are coming back to the yes
okay so see them it's 1920s old-timey
they're basically pirates Blackbeard you
both come into the room as they're sort
of like staring at her with their jaws
open a little he's gone away are you all
right what just happened what did we
miss I just summon some spirits to help
you guys out really outside and look
around the court leg do I see anybody in
the hallway like what you see like
there I can still see them just you see
[Laughter]
keep rolling Stan if I want to follow
this this crazy this thing I mean you
want to try it sooo I mean they big they
were already faint you know they're like
it was like a superimposed image almost
kind of kind of just zoomed through but
at a certain point I just can't unless I
start to look for people who think that
right or you'd like you know I mean
there's not like a trail of people going
oh stop it's just one how exactly is the
spirit supposed to help us it can't grab
anything
what were your exact what was your exact
spell our spirits of the Dead that were
very dead see come to my aid and stop
the murder on board okay so I'm assuming
there's only one murderer but we'll find
out make me a level this is what you say
things like that to the DM 51 because
the second bar they're 40 no okay find
out how spells work depending on what
you say it's free the Duchess dies wow
it's pretty cool
yes if you ever roll over a 95 do let me
know love's so so yeah the spirits have
gone off I mean you know cell phones
having done this before
hmm I'm gonna I'm gonna make you an
offer
ooh either when the spirits come you
don't it doesn't cost you sanity but
there's some other price or it costs you
sanity what other price
I haven't decided yet but it would be
you know so I mean mm it would probably
be either like a couple hit points or
you know something like that it would be
but so there's a cost to what you do yes
isn't unlimited power and the cost is AI
is the cost psychological is the cost
physical I mean I want you to go okay
okay one point of damage as they because
so here's what happens when you ring
that Bell there's actually you have to
you offer some of your blood that's part
of that that's part of the thing so you
just you know you you've you've learned
that you know you don't have to like
make a big cut man
yeah no we are you've done this a few
times at home I know and if you're going
to do it do not use the palm of your
objects are not good for you we're never
gonna pass YouTube we're a seminar on
the best ways to do fingers aren't like
[Laughter]
60 so dude it was an EMT I have a morbid
sense of humor
the spirits normally like is there is
there ever a sense of closure do they
come back and go mission accomplished
it's just a feeling okay okay sure sure
so yeah that wasn't creepy at all and
there are now some undead sailors going
over the ship looking for a murderer
apparently well let's just hope there's
only one hopefully none of you murdered
nope so yeah you know it's it's after
lunch it's probably you know two or
fire worse the porter would have come in
and gotten trampled by like undead
sailors even for me that's a little
slapstick so yeah a full lunch is
delivered by gods and you can you know
you can fuel up your husband comes
around he's got a nasty bump but he
seems alright and yeah what are you
gonna do after you know it's probably
good at three or four by the time you're
done eating and everything there so then
I suppose we have to discuss do we
acquiesce to his demand no I don't think
so but I'm not the only one making the
decision I believe everybody said he
wasn't going to hurt anyone I don't yeah
alright he already heard Porsha it's
he's a lazy man can't you tell the way
he's doesn't everything else has been
sloppy he's not a professional he
trying to get to New York City don'ts
the thing he's desperate he will do
absolutely any any
yes and he's also an ex-military man he
probably lost a few screws and that's
our health IT World War one that's right
you know it's it's really not his fault
entirely
yes it is I mean the great decision what
you do with those sorts of life it's
true but there is such thing as chemical
depression isn't that right sweetheart
if what happens to the brain when when
certain things hormones what you were
telling me that's you know those
hormonal men I can sympathize entirely
with chemical depression I have heard of
that that's regardless going around
there's this thing called post-traumatic
post-traumatic stress disorder dear mmm
demands Blaine's poster
oh no well I think he needs to be
captured and rehabilitated but so where
is he hiding
that's my next question what's his next
move if he hasn't made the candle yet
because he was he was visible and he is
it ain't that mistake if he if he had
access to it so he will either be in the
laundry or in the kitchen tonight he's
so desperate he came face-to-face and
negotiated and didn't kill you my dear
thank you
what well he could have shot you
who was that weird I mean that was our
waiter Reginald he's a very bad waiter
he is yes he is he's the one that
murdered the woman the girl well he's
not getting a gratuity he's the one
that's been believe such kendall note
yes this is why i scammed them for the
living I don't
[Laughter]
okay what yeah I'm gonna go to the bar
alright yes they they will they will
they will medicate you well and truly is
anybody doing anything before dinner no
but I should we should we go to the
laundry we should we should plan at
least are you gonna tell anybody on the
ship about this but which which one the
ghosts the gun but ha tell them about
the goats a family well I mean you could
show them that like you think he's gonna
go to the laundry or the kitchen ok
that's a good idea
definitely we can throw more people at
the problem yeah I had an idea perhaps
we could get some of the people from the
watch the Knights watched not dress in
their uniforms but to be ready for him
near the laundry room because if they're
out there actually wearing the uniforms
an increased guard he's in the staff
area so anybody that's there his dad yes
staff oh also where do we think he had
the money cuz that's all he said was
that just let me get off this boat with
my money he has lots of hidey-holes I'm
sure he found some corner to stuff
things into we haven't been back to our
rooms in a while I have there's a bag of
money on yeah I have nothing worth
stealing everything I everything I
treasure is on me yeah oh by the way
everyone not named tiana make me an
intelligence role okay what success my
opera singer is really good with a gun
ah oh yeah yeah like she didn't have she
I didn't see it 80-something yeah
everything's fine just like you're mad I
think it's par for the course that
happens can I help you
we're all murderers yeah I know how
about sometimes I suspect no one here is
exactly entirely what they've been
presenting themselves to be I look at
you why would anyone tell the entire
truth hmm
I'm really hmm hmm it's all right
it's good to have friends that know how
to use tools and just sort of smile into
them Tippin to myself I pull out one of
my stilettos twirl it between my hands
and put it back away tools are quite
useful I would agree
yes she is clearly like you know
dangerous so yeah you you think you can
go and tell you know what well are we
gonna tell the captain though cuz we
were already warned not to tell the
captain I mean should we just call you
could just call and be like tell the
captain that you know we somebody
somebody shot a gun in this room yeah
well they know someone shot yeah it's
loud yes it's a 38 blam
these things go boom yes they're already
comping the first-class passenger ooh
they're gonna take a loss on this one so
it may be worthwhile to have one of us
in the laundry pretending to pretend to
[Laughter]
I am fairly good at that was a special
joke for anybody that knows massive
gnarly I have a talent for making myself
be wherever I need to be let's say it's
good you say teleportation but no not
exist white yet not the way you think
I'm good at looking like I belong if we
can get access to a uniform I could
there was nobody in that storeroom so we
could go back there get it guess you can
be also ask for one this is true too
should we all do this this sounds like
90s points a big adventure I need to
Froome some tape and a cat those things
are brutal don't forget the paperclip
yeah and the specks of dust off the
carpet chewy and you see one of those
okay so I can't remember are you telling
anybody that you need yeah we just
called though because we were told not
to go see the captain and blah blah blah
so you think you found the ultimate
loophole to this room yes I'll know what
to do I mean we call the captain from
the room he knows who it is okay what do
you tell the captain oh but we need to
change rooms again because running out
of state rooms in the first class we
should just change with each other
that'll be first class maybe we really
just kind of need to stash your husband
somewhere I know oh that's true yeah I'm
drinking I'm not so what are you telling
the captain what do you want
oh god all right so what we need to tell
him exactly what what happened
everything that happened with the gun
shot and everything not the ghosts
Nelly's what
Fame and threatened us with a gun and
then he was asked to be left alone yeah
but all he wants to do is get off the
ship with me we need yes show three four
we tell him that part
the captain is fine i that of course is
the captain says well then leave him
alone and let's get to New York safely
but what about what is your process for
when we disembark like are you gonna
inform the the boat yeah but will the
New York police and get involved what am
I going to tell the New York police that
you have a desert there's an invisible
man coming into your town from our boats
well he's our white visible when he came
in yeah he was very good with a gun I
really would like to kill people thank -
there's a time how are you a stowaway
who passed away we're going to make sure
that she's taken care of and then we're
going to find her family and the Royal
Mail services line we'll handle all of
the arrangements
listen - still need to be informed that
there was a murder board the ship yes we
have a writer I mean I witness a lot of
people know what happened on this
although to be fair it was an
international water it's drinking mrs.
Navarro mr. Navarro I have I've spoken
with what I've had I've had a telegram
from their home office and we will not
be publicizing this matter any further
and if you feel the need to publicize
this matter further the Royal Mail
services will have to take legal action
against you I'm very sorry but we have a
reputation to protect
yes I don't know it's an international
water so if I blow the ship up obviously
nothing let's blow the ship is it
slander or libel in it when it's written
I'm sure I'm so people it's it's one of
those two and I'm sure they'd Rodgers
tossing libelous is written yeah I'm
glad you know that because I don't know
I'm very sorry to cook day to you sir
I said good day I bowled a good day
captain let me think about this we are
maybe some other word kind of pressure
it were killed
spirits are on our side maybe I'm sorry
Octavia what were you saying I wasn't so
sorry there may be some kind of legal
pressure we can put onto him that make
him not want to deal with the ruckus
he's trying to bully us with the law
mumbo-jumbo and I'm pretty sure that he
can't quite do what he's saying he's
doing
no so how is he gonna get a dead body
off the ship without somebody asking a
question that's right
sploosh Barry let's see yeah I I you
know the 1920s were in many ways a very
backward time and their opinion of
stowaways was not that they're not human
beings also too and the in the spirit of
Jackson lice he would say let's steal
the body they need try to reanimate it I
can get wait a minute there's a whole
section on the kid man bring a gun he's
drinking and reading a good name he's
he's like at the bar like makeup did you
know it stops trying to make sense I
don't think we want to steal the body
okay maybe you won't steal the body
right now what right moment of sanity in
it let's think about this these holes
dressing up in costume running around
the ship well you found the storeroom
where they keep them yeah oh yeah you
don't get uniforms no problem if we
hurry I then the captain may not have
rescinded our all pass what is that the
it's been a while since I've seen Fifth
Element
data scorpion yes yeah should we I I
think I think we should go get uniforms
and I think that our best option is
going to be to stop him before he makes
another candle and that will be that'll
be a last chance probably in the in the
laundry but it's possible that he could
be doing it in the kitchen after dark
it's hard to call are you coming back or
you just keep doing that you're gonna
steal a dead body okay the one there is
just the one just the one that I know
that's what I was asked I mean we could
make another one true as investigator
don't you have any authority to do two
to make sure the body doesn't get a
master slave no private investigators
are I have an interesting relationship
yeah yeah terrible relationship with all
human beings I relate I mean I like you
well enough thank you are you going to
dinner no time for dinner sir under
let's grab something to eat on the way
some finger food what is the plan what
are we doing I'm just dealing a body and
then oh you're not stealing the body yet
maybe yes keep that possibility oh where
did Amy become Thomas see we're drinking
Thomas ever Amy maybe became our ruckus
because she was going to be our that's
right so wait yeah so we're gonna um
disguise ourselves as ship mates hands
whatever they are Chris even scream out
no you guys even knew that was coming
I will be a waiter I need a mustache and
a suit and I will stake out the kitchen
by yourself
we should have have yours as Jackson
Elias ever worked as a waiter I'm sure
it is yeah Yeah right originated
intelligence roll a waiter just staying
around doing nothing is yes sixteen
that is very true you having worked as a
waiter the one thing waiters don't do
stand around a kitchen and watch
must my dear be the expediter they have
one spot everyone comes to them yes I'll
ring them and they ask you lots of
questions yep
enjoy that okay so yeah you can get any
uniforms you want it is clear that it is
clear that you still have access to all
the parts of the vote like you know you
can ask the purser for things mmm
you know the captain hasn't yes and I
think also in that conversation I
mentioned the fact that he's like go on
pretending to do what you do right so
we're keeping up the ruse right
yeah we're just pretending yeah total
I'm kinda we fail we've just been
pretending this whole time
I think the laundry is the strongest
possibility for where for where he met
for where he might be based on how
frankly shot it that front previous
Kendrick him candle was words I can
words okay so I enjoy the critique of
the human fat candle I mean he's not
even trying no no no I'm very
recognizable and I cannot hide so it's
true
anything else my appearance is
eighty-five beautiful and I believe
you're also exotic in terms of it's
the time periods yeah so what job shall
I do
dining room so the long term might not
be a terrible I mean there were many
brown people working in laundries on
these ships yeah I was okay yeah I mean
unless you want to go around I mean
unless we think it's more feasible for
her to go to the dining room yeah if you
want me to be like the face in case I
mean do like he's gonna steal more I
think he is he's he's desperate okay and
I think that he's going because he
grabbed that last bit of fat big uh
anybody know wants to think about what
[Laughter]
seems so you both have a very clear
feeling that you know he's he's
desperate but he's desperate to get off
the boat he's not good he can he figures
he can steal more whenever he goes he
just wants to get off the boat you know
so doing anymore let's put it this way
if he does Morse if he steals more then
it's clear that he wasn't taking your
deal
you know the he wasn't wrecking the
offer in a in a serious manner if he
doesn't steal more than he you know he
was making the you know that was an
offer actually right more than likely he
probably won't so he really wants to
make the candle again so I think and hi
that's how he's gonna get off the boat
that's correct
and quite frankly morally speaking I
want to let him leave oh I really don't
want to let him leave as a personal
insult at this point yeah tell me about
it he's threatened the life of my
husband twice now he stabbed me
and I'm sure that - yeah
professional curiosity so if he's just
looking to hunker down yet he needs to
make the candle mm-hmm the laundry is
probably this morning it was a day and a
half tonight is his only night to make
the Kindle that's correct
and the laundry seems like the best
option I still think we need to cover
our bases all right I think we need to
keep some men to help us so late at
night one thing in the kitchen prepping
for the next day yeah yeah I mean is the
kitchen of the laundry tend to be but at
night they're definitely less busy okay
well then why don't we ask the captain
dislikes Jensen you go back to something
that dr. Aldridge said which is they
know him in the kitchen
I don't know her laundry yeah he's a
waiter so mm-hmm the kitchen they'd be
more likely to know him whereas in the
laundry room he's Jeanette you know
generic nine number seven and after and
after the sink that we've kicked up his
name is mud in the kitchen at least yeah
well probably with most of the crew but
not the laundry room well and and most
of the crew who would know him which
would be the kitchen yeah okay we go to
the kitchen we get doughnuts you're all
going down to the laundry room you know
the kitchen recharge with doughnuts and
so are you you're just gonna pretend to
do laundry or you know lime so the
laundry room is a large room in the
middle of the bottom of the ship and it
is super warm the this it's full of
steam and full of just boiling vats of
clothes and essentially people with big
wooden sticks just stirring this and
just the the lie is it burns your eyes
there's so much just caustic chemicals
and things going on in here it's super
warm and nobody's really talking to
anybody else everybody seems really
unhappy so so somewhere in here there
has to be a place where he can render a
small amount yes there I mean there yeah
there are vats and then there are sort
of the smaller areas there's like we
they do the pressing and that sort of
thing and that's yeah that's where you
figure that what happened so we just
need to stake out different areas of
this place and yell bananas when
something happens all right so you're
gonna stay here all night are you doing
it shifts are you gonna try and power
through the whole night
I think shifts would be a good idea take
watches there are five of us we can
split up what's that then also how big
is the laundry like well five of us kind
of get lost is it like a factory room
floor type of thing it's pretty large
yeah I mean it's not huge but five five
is just about the number that you know
if it were more than that it would be
noticeable you know there are people
here the canopy mm-hmm yeah if they're
like seven people that shouldn't be here
it's kind of weird you're just on the
cusp yeah because we could it might be a
wild you just push through yeah and not
only that have somebody closest to the
door you know I mean suggest maybe
somebody on then maybe the next level up
by the entranceway and we rotate so
there are two doors to this room there's
an entrance on either side it's
literally in the middle of the boat so
there's an entrance on this side where
the stairway up on the this side and
then the stairway up on this side of the
boat so there's two doors in all right
well that's one of us should be on each
door so it's about 3:00 in the morning
everybody make me a con roll you're not
no this is not to fall asleep just to
see how tired you are oh and if I make
the roll okay if you missed the roll
everything you do is gonna be a
disadvantage should I inspire that I
she didn't go can I inspire that
damn it oh wow the curse of a Mika the
gun I got like a seven all right so
we're shooting don't know every 20
everything you do is gonna be a
disadvantage for you okay that just
means you'll roll an extra ten and take
the worse all right about 4:00 in the
morning extra time I give you one of
mine but that day you know very
dangerous I mean let's see
are you guys trying to hide are you
trying to like you know trying to blend
in I'll try to do something pretend to
do folding over you're not you're
probably not cuz you were in the other
room yeah I'm keeping eyes of each other
so dr. Aldridge mm-hmm there are a
couple issues one you are not of the
class that is easily concealed in here
and also he has seen you know like
you're one of the people that he knows
to look for right hoping I've toss old
my hair and really keeping my head good
luck roll let's see how how good an
actress you are here
anyone have disguise I do
Oh I rolled a 2420 okay so it's mostly
once again proving that Reginald is not
the sharpest tool drawer he might be a
spoon he's a blunt instrument it is not
until he is actually in the laundry room
that he realizes that you're all in the
laundry room he comes walking in with
like a little case it's the police
it is the Veliz yeah come with it and he
sees you he sees me and he goes what
done and he immediately draws his gun
thank goodness all my gun and shoes you
have a gun yes
okay guys do all right this one could
still throw
yes I made it all right yeah you hide so
yeah you all see and like okay
the the laundry room goes quiet and like
everyone that is not you or him is likes
trying to melt away trying to like not
again through to get into an
advantageous position to not have to
drop on got it
we went that way this time so what are
you doing so if there's like a car guy
on your gun yeah yeah I try to get
behind something and I shoot him I
should have a shoot to to hurt him not
to kill him so like his little all right
so so like his hip for his leg okay so
so that's gonna be disadvantage because
you're trying instead of just going I'm
gonna shoot you you're like I'm gonna
shoot you here yes but so you're like he
is you're just gonna shoot okay mm-hmm
and that's just firearms firearms okay I
have so a shot rings Ali 14 all right
little damaged knee Capra should be down
there what do you thirty eight as well
ship cool - all right have you ever shot
someone before not person probably okay
make me a sanity roll yep I've shot
someone you know yourself doesn't count
yeah yes okay you're gonna lose a point
of sanity just for the the general
feeling of shouldn't you know in the
human taking someone and I mean you
tried to be as you know that's gentle is
as nice as you can show someone and so
you you shoot him in the foot okay and
he drops his gun and drops the beliefs
and he's just like you know even come
out and come on the back so
he's like look at you and he actually
seems like hurt not like physically and
here and he's just look at he's like
dude knock some unconscious like bangs
his head against the floor and Reginald
falls unconscious when you punch him no
we have left what okay use it well we
don't know what's gonna happen I mean we
don't plan on going to jail later today
right we're in international waters
[Laughter]
[Applause]
drops but the hand of glory does not
come rolling out on the floor good
so the yeah he drops everything he is
unconscious and you have subdued there
are very quickly there are sailors there
are crewmen and that the the captain and
the master of the watch is there because
you know a gun shot went off in in a
fairly dangerous area yeah things of
that sort and unless they ask for your
gun mm-hmm they'll put it in the safe
and they'll give it back to you
doesn't even nobody else had a gun drawn
right not wrong not wrong yeah yours is
hidden away and so they'll give it back
to you but they're very concerned that
there are firearms on this boat they're
shot do don't say that yes seriously
yeah good day to you sir
don't return it to you after the the
cruise but they're going to take
Reginald somebody I'm shocked by the gun
I'm going to snag the police it's in
make me a make me a stealth roll I
grabbed it before they came down make me
a lock rolled it okay and just in case
we need it we have three more
inspiration Wow
oh one horn in the hip nice thank you
there's an awesome name I hope you're
watching in pajamas this is I failed it
okay oh so so you did not grab it before
all you can inspiration it you can try
and palm it are you good you can try and
slide it away so it's I mean I'm gonna
like there's something this size in the
bag it's it's a big old bag I'm gonna
like kick it and under one of the
machines I don't want anyone else to get
their hands on this okay they're gonna
they're gonna go over this place pretty
disadvantage yeah you're super tired
of course I am
yeah no okay so instead no not you I'm
like really think we should I mean we
want you to see how does inspiration
work when I just rolled two tens so you
can use inspiration to get rid of
disadvantage and then you could use
another one to re-roll do we try it
I mean I I mean we're at the end of the
evening shall we join him and it'll she
wants a hand here's the thing I don't
want anybody else to have a hand I
really do I mean
I mean they're probably I mean they're
probably gonna throw it away cuz they
don't know what the hell it is I know it
might be the best thing for it
just throw it overboard know if you want
to destroy you need to destroy you
properly yeah put it in a furnace or
something not only that to our captain
obviously doesn't you know he would if
we asked him no he wouldn't you wouldn't
well you're gonna have to ask him
because I already good datum is there is
there an open fire source around here
sure underneath yeah there's underneath
the cauldron there's gas there gas
burners throw some salt on it and throw
it in the fire is there salt around here
there's lies yeah all sorts of caustic
styling we need to get rid of this are
you gonna do this in front of them yeah
so there are sailors like this place has
been locked down there are sailors
everywhere and so you have about I don't
know five minutes before they start
getting you out of here mm-hmm I would
say do it use the inspiration because we
need to we need to get rid of that thing
you do I mean you know you know what I'd
let you spend one inspiration and you
can make a decks role to just keep the
bag it's not gonna be very subtle
they're gonna know you did it you can
kick the bag into the fire all right do
it so be it that's a challenger yes
because you're trying unless you want to
spend another inspiration but so here's
the thing you if you miss the decks role
it's not gonna not be on fire it's just
I mean you'll still it'll still be in
the fire
it's just it'll be more obvious that you
did it okay
I see a nine in there I see two nines I
so you kick the Veliz this was a serious
the Lola flies open
oh hey bloody four arm goes skittering
out shouldn't be blood anymore it's been
a day it's dry in the middle of it is
the nub of a candle right and the nub of
the candle hits the flame and goes and
the hand disappears oh but is Reginald
still here Reginald slag in the ground I
saw me too like Rachel's bleeding good
gun shot in the foot but the the sailors
are taking him away like when you um
298 how so a when you kick the bad
air you unless there's there's some more
sorry going when you kick the bag like
as soon as you do that somehow the
sailors don't notice the hand but like
you're immediately escorted out of
because it was clear you did something
fair enough
and they're gonna ask everybody else to
leave as well I'm going to the BA I'm
going to the bar as well say drinkin
drink um
deaf so shots you fool all right so hang
on though when we go to the bar we could
actually wait til the candle goes out
cuz then it'll be revisit all and then
go get it
it was only a nub of a candle it hadn't
take long yep yep I'm sorry I thought I
had sorry
so I want the room be secured maybe I
can't imagine they would secure a
service room for too long yeah with all
the way too much work they need to do
yeah so what are they gonna do with a
hand suddenly exactly exactly we're
gonna be there when that happens so
you're trying to elevate why don't we
just go to the bar and get some milk and
a White Russian foreign putting alcohol
and milk gonna fire it goes out it first
explodes down in the crew area they do
not want you to go down there okay
there's a there's a the guy who watches
the stairway is like we can I know I
know why are you crime-scene sketch what
this is an excellent story I'm sorry I
won't know never mind I won't be writing
the story it'll be fiction some years in
the future the captain has asked that
you not go anywhere but really your
rooms and the dining rooms I'm going to
you you're welcome to enjoy the luxuries
of this ship we should be docking
tomorrow around noon and then we ask
that you never take the Royal the Royal
Mail service ever again except of course
for you dr. Aldridge you are a fine
customer that we always welcome your
business thank you that's good about I
have an idea all right all right let's
hear your idea now get down there we
need to be invisible exactly so we need
to find it on the criminal cut off its
own make a candle we 500 just one of us
needs to go down visibly and I have the
recipe right here I'm going to put up
with okay is anybody gonna try and get
down there or try and get the hand
not until no all right I'm not gonna
press my oven presses Sammy Newton's for
the table you actually want to get us
give us this hand don't ya no I want to
make if anyone's bothered by the fact
that you are leaving this horrible item
oh yeah yes yes right but I don't want
to leave so we gonna get past this guy's
like well at some point the hand is
either gonna show up or they're gonna
release and we can get back down there
like right not gonna have somebody at
the door so at one point
well it'll sauce itself out so so you're
basically gonna because you have not
stayed up all night could we could we
could we wait to speak with a captain
about this I mean can you bring us
espresso I really don't actually yeah
sure okay give him the thief we gave him
yeah the captain will see you and he'll
he'll thank you for apprehending the man
and he looks he waits for you to say
something because this is gonna sound
very unorthodox and strange but and just
humor us there is something here in this
room that needs to be taken dispose okay
we're going down to the laundry room
Orson fair enough there's something in
the laundry room that needs to be
disposed of properly if it's not in fact
it probably might shock the crew down
there when it appears but it needs to be
disposed of properly it's that poor
girl's hand it's missing down there we
have disposed of this you've seen it
already it's been taken care of it's
it's showed up under one of the we found
it when we searched the room under one
of the bats and and we have along with
good enough good to know dad
bedtime well thank you for for working
with us and sorry for disturbing the
crew with the commotion yes but at least
by operation dr. Aldridge and you're in
your future voyages with us please do
not bring firearms to our boat well I
understand I will make sure that I do
not in future voyages you find that your
room is searched very soon when they
clean the room there is a you you're
good enough to know when your room has
been cased even professionally and they
keep okay so the next morning dock in
New York you're about a day ahead of
where you where you were going to be
most of you live in or around New York
and so we're gonna go through a little
bit of the of the post session stuff for
Cthulhu so you're gonna make skill
checks so now all those skills that you
put checks on you're gonna make a skill
role in that skill and if you miss the
role you gain a d-10 in that stat lose
now you want a role pair of a lot of
fail the role you should be all over and
unfortunately you cannot use
inspirational oh yeah for sure everyone
that got a check well everything that
has a check you're gonna go through and
then I roll attend to add and then you
roll a d-10 and what happens if I did
like if I don't have any anything
actually in like list and I never took a
skill and listen if it goes I said you
have the beasts bases and then you
attend it and then okay very cool so
this is this is cthulhu's character
development essentially this is yeah I
missed my egg my listen then you go up
by a d-10 and then erased the check can
now get another check so now it's 41 all
right there you go I missed the RKO so I
miss listen okay so you go up by a d-10
it's a roll of the non the one that's in
there or that's in the box
yeah roll that one and that's how much
your skills gonna go on 94
oh my god I got no success on a spot you
lose points
no person I can't it's the base and so
this would happen I'm just gonna sort of
talk why you guys do this but this would
this would happen this happens at the
end of not every session but sort of at
natural end points when you feel like
you've accomplished something so you
also at the end of this get a small
sanity reward
usually when you when you complete
something so you feel like well actually
I'm gonna ask you do you feel like you
were successful yes we have no do you
do you believe that the hand is gone no
I just I guess I do I believe that it's
not gonna come back and well I didn't
ruin it for all the psychology well what
happens when a shark eats it and unless
the shortcuts a mess so it's an
invisible shark nobody cares I do
believe their myths I thought I just
booked your movie shark yes I I do
believe that that they they performed a
burial at sea for both the girl and her
hand I do I do I trust the captain -
okay so non-believer and I don't know do
you feel like you did everything you
could do to save that poor woman
no yeah we tried okay we tried but we
failed miserably it wasn't up to us
right it was up to the captain and the
ship to protect her and they failed it's
not my fault she died I'm annoyed by
meter bleed but I'm annoyed by it but
I'm not necessarily upset by it okay so
all right so what I would do then is I
would decide sort of based on really
your feedback where you get and so I'm
gonna say that you're each gonna get two
points of sanity back I don't believe
that is destroyed like
that's gonna come back and it's going to
screw us up okay well I'm gonna make a
note of that yeah and you get one point
in saying I'm back yeah and anybody else
who who feels like you know there's
something unresolved with that you'll
only get one as well how do we do this
for each one than ever everyone that
were just just everything was okay
anything that has a check next to it
you're gonna do that
so when what's gonna happen now in our
next session is we're gonna zoom ahead a
couple months and you're all gonna get a
telegram from your good friend Jackson
Elias
let's qualify that the Great Dane
Society mean to urgently no no it says
come to it says need you urgently in
Peru and it gives you the address of a
sports no but there is a well I don't
know how well do you know that we do
that something in there about the chance
they could get paid oh yes their
treasure awaits okay so yeah you get
that and in our next session we will not
have another sea voyage thankfully
because you're you're into that well
you're gonna but we're gonna we're gonna
hand wave that and we will start in Lima
so that's gonna do it for and that will
actually be for those of you who keep
track of such things that will be the
start of the actual massive niala
thought campaign
[Laughter]
next weeks until you get that reference
yeah betrayal at house on the edit
faster we have two of these left an Amy
has failed five roles after getting that
inspirated one is that I'm gonna make a
list for me to get yeah you've got work
to do before you can catch up yeah you
can't be the biggest loser yet I have a
stick at night my votes for quote of the
session so R I think the winner is those
hormonal men pretty fine quote but but
that man is a genius
yeah also pretty movie and and the
episode title we're in international
waters it's a freebie
so yes the rest of you are not welcome
to sail on the Royal I mean there's a
bunch of different companies that will
do it physical security this is a me
picks her travel has the worst metal
detectors all right we find a good
disguised artist maybe we can sneak you
into first guy the worst part is I'm
actually a fairly decent disguise artist
I have forty in disguise I just never
that'll come up so thanks so much
everybody for playing along with us and
the key it sounds like the comments were
a rage in there the whole time they can
warrant for keeping that under control
thanks for the inspiration really
appreciate that's big stuff they they
apparently needed it
oh all your damage is healed anybody
that took damage oh good so heal because
it's been a couple months we will be
back next Wednesday and we'll see you in
Peru thanks everybody
good night good
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
