it's March 1921
very fast destroy the universe I
actually got that fast so go ahead and
this is an article that Jackson Elias
sent, dated January 13th 1921 and the headline is "search for
ancient pyramid in Peru": 
"Explorer plans expedition to discover
site of lost civilization this is from
Lima January January 12th Explorer
Augustus Larkin is planning an
expedition to the southern highlands of
Peru where he hopes to identify the site
of a pyramid long forgotten by history
following the discovery of a number of
gold artifacts in the region Larkin
believes that he has found evidence that
will lead him to their source
he is currently in Lima planning the
expedition and is recruiting companions
and possible backers"
the note
along with
the note and that newspaper clipping
Alya Jackson Elias says join this
expedition hurry and so yeah you
essentially wire augustus Larkin and say
we're in were interested and sort of
weird he doesn't even ask what your
qualifications are
he just says awesome and yoora you all
receive a telegram back that says thank
you for joining the expedition stop
please join me in Lima stop have booked
your room at Hotel Mari stop meet 18
March at 7 p.m. at bar cordon oh so he's
set up a meeting for late in the month
of March which means really you have to
leave like tomorrow 11:00 to get there
since we've had so much fun on boats
already we're gonna hand wave all the
travel and you are in Peru the day
before the meeting you have rooms booked
as promised at the hotel Mari which is
one of the nicer hotels in town it has a
a lovely bar
no sign of JAXA you haven't seen a sign
of Jackson Elias and you haven't you
haven't seen a sign of Augustus Larkins
so you have you have a day in Lima Peru
it's it's super warm this is below the
equator so the seasons are different so
this is it's the rainy season here it's
it's humid and warm and time Dicky Lima
is one of the more modern cities in
South America the rest of Peru that is
not true of there's not even really much
functioning rail lines because the Andes
make that difficult and so but Lima has
there's electric lights there's full
electricity you know we're not quite to
free Wi-Fi but it's it's it's fairly
even even for people who haven't been
out of the Western world it's very it's
very comfortable which leads me so I
think all of you based on your
backstories all of you have had some
experience outside of the comforts of
the Western world you're the only person
I would have a question
do you do have you done a lot of
traveling in nan in non non European
countries not a whole lot but because of
her background she has experience with
being uncomfortable okay yeah as much as
I'm going to say without giving her
backstory away right right
does anyone speak Spanish alright so in
Lima you can you can get by the hotel
the the the the woman who runs the hotel
speaks fairly good English and at most
restaurants there will be one waiter
that speaks English there's a lot of
pointing and you know sort of you know
trying to figure out numbers and that
sort of thing but for the most part
you're okay
does anybody yes sorry those of you
who are armed if you're bringing
anything other than a pistol we're uh
we're gonna need to talk I want to go by
machete that is super easy that is super
easy and we have our first inspiration
of the evening fellow GM he knows how
hard it is and how hard it is there's no
he just wants to make you feel like you
have hope that's the Cthulhu weibo keep
it going three inflation loves better
than a critical fail so thank you both
so yeah so yeah
buying a machete is super easy yes
that's I do want to I did where we
were on the boat yeah yeah yeah so I
would like to you guys would be
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the boat is more difficult I
would like you guys want to join me with
um going in the marketplace we should
pick up some supplies yes what I was
look would I be able to bring my
stilettos in what's your conceal
I don't know okay those are fine okay
those are fine cool so one subscription
in one of my favorite usernames the
squirrel doctor dental denial of service
and EOS has subscribed that's great you
only or more and somebody perhaps the
doctor of denial of service which is
actually a really good username will
maybe when the end my favorite twitch
user my beautiful life squirrel on the
[Applause]
come from the joint account thank you
babe she's playing this adventure as
well so pretty soon she can have to stop
watching because it'll be spoilers fair
we're not playing walk away that's I'm
sure it'll be fine that's fair I have
friends who do that on on Mondays for
natural one anything and Tuesday's fair
for Kaos agents I'll just turn it on and
then and then walk away cuz they have
other things to do of course there's
nothing better to do than watch quests
and chaos just keep your eyes peeled
right here at all times yeah at least
hear it dropping episode is anybody else
so the Mercado is fairly robust
and you know as long as you're buying
anything for hunting you can easily buy
if you want to talk to some more
unsavory characters you could probably
buy mining equipment or you know
anything else you need we don't have
it's gonna be like that's a tough
question that's a tough question I'm
just saying if I fell into a place that
had some explosives I wouldn't say no
that's fair if I tripped if I tripped
and fell into a box of explosives well
we would lose our knife mo possible yeah
so I mean if there's things you want to
buy if they're weapons or something like
that let me know so machete would use
your brawl that's got its base and a
machete will do a d8 okay and the fumble
on a machete is zero so if you roll a
hundred mm-hmm you throw it at someone
and it's like one per attack right yeah
okay machetes are like over the counter
super yes you know that's the it's it's
the standard it's standard equipment for
anybody who's going out anywhere they
just bring them a Shetty along we all
get one there sure sure
can I bring the switchblade or no oh
yeah okay which blade no problem it's my
usual picking travel but I'm yeah I mean
you're the more stringent check of your
bags would be in the u.s. mmm you
noticed that customs here really cares
about what people are taking out not
what they're bringing in as much there
but if you were trying to bring in
rifles or an elephant gun or something
like that then there might be a
discussion then you'd need like hunting
permits or something mm-hmm well in
Octavia what else do you suggest you
have you been on digs before mm-hmm so
you know besides the typical camping
gear boots will need to get that when we
get there for sure
definitely let's go through the market
and we can peruse I mean there's a whole
list of things that we can get we need
to be hydrated we need to also have
probably some climbing gear make a
we can roll here don't miss it okay um
so not knowing where you don't really
know Peru that well and you don't know
where the dig is so the the the
newspaper article said a little bit but
not a ton so the the the climate in this
country is dread it dramatically
different depending on where you are you
know you know enough to know that up in
the mountains it's gonna be colder if
that's where the pyramid is then you'll
want cold weather gear if it's in the
lowlands cold weather gear would be most
unpleasant and so you know you don't
have enough information to make an
informed decision on sort of what to buy
yet yeah yeah we should really just
scope out the area I think you know
figure out where it's going to be take a
look at the map then we should be able
to decide what to get you know what I
mean yes it's just so many I'm getting
two glasses though
of course nothing like a backup flask do
you want flats or canteen actually I
want a canteen and two flasks there you
go just because you don't need to write
this stuff down
don't worry no it was brown liquor white
liquor if you have equipment I'm fine
with it everybody make me a luck roll
oh boy no person I'm like where did I
put them those let me try these oh
that's a hard success
nice yeah mine's a hard success as well
nobody's I miss pentene much did you
miss by eight duh math team like sixteen
alright so close all right you too the
yeah just missed it 84 all right
so missed it by two so you you both
feel like you know you feel like you
just missed something and later on
you'll find out that you know
legitimately I just missed something
yeah mo was robbed blind by a pickpocket
in the market so so reduce your credit
rating by 10 oh wow wow that makes me
sad pickpockets they'll get you every
time
right I saw a machete my liquor right oh
yes I don't know they've got the wrong
they've got just the wrong priority so
yeah you buy some basic stuff and you
look at the stuff that's out there like
basic camping stuff and machetes and
canteen in fashion but well again you
you you wanna you figure you should wait
until you know where you're going to
like oh yeah before we get like proper
gear but basic camping stuff sure yeah
and you know there's only a little bit
of white person markup well hi yeah
that's yeah you know it's funny cuz
you're traveling with white people
dammit I'm sorry we infected you and
actually in this case it is non it is
non spanish-speaking markup fair make
sense so yeah that night again the hotel
mari is very comfortable
there's a lovely Argentinean steak house
there and so you have some some nice
choice euro Lima is also famous for its
seafood so if you want to have that you
have a very nice meal and you're all
very happy because this place it's about
two to one the exchange rate and dicing
so and everything here is inexpensive so
you know have that second drink and you
know everything's fine jobs your your
meeting mr. Larkin in the evening of the
next day so so you have a full day in in
Peru if you want to if you want to do
anything it's also okay to just zoom
ahead to the evening
but if there's something you really want
to do this is a weekday that's like
Tuesday or this is this is Friday today
is Friday Friday March today is Friday
March 18th okay so the library maybe
that's what I was thinking though that
our professor would you perhaps user
credentials to get us into university
and talk to somebody about the ancient
pyramid that is perhaps been discovered
sure do that okay so you asked at the
hotel and they will tell you that Lima
has a relatively new university that is
Universidad Nacional my oldest son
Marcos the National University of San
Marcos and there they have a Museum of
archeology and anthropology and that
that muses so the university is not that
new but that refer to that particular
museum is very new okay
Museum it opened in 1919 Wow
so it's on a couple years old yeah it's
it's quite new I've probably been here
before
yes no maybe to Lima yeah I mean so was
most of your work in like South America
or was it mostly in Europe I got the
feeling it was mostly in like your a
great game Eric and Roman yeah the Greek
and Roman stuff this would be my first
time yes I mean especially if you'd been
here before I'd guess you'd speak
Spanish right I speak Latin and probably
don't speak Spanish yeah yeah
so Latin is surprisingly a Romance
language you can process a lot of things
around see conjugation that's about to
usable for oh yeah okay so the the
museum is a very new like white
sandstone building in the in the
university it's it's fairly modern
lights and things like that it's because
of the climate it has its windows are
open they don't have glass in them hmm
Lima does not have that matter een
problem and so many buildings don't just
don't have a glass it's cheaper than air
conditioning they and also they don't
really understand about climate control
of museums and things like that so you
can for nothing for nothing you can just
sort of peruse the museum if you want to
like talk to somebody who might know
stuff then we're gonna start talking
about roles do we want to walk around
and get what's in here feels absolutely
sure okay so everybody can make either
an archeology or anthropology role
nope what's the basement cuz I got a
three you know the only one I miss I
miss everything no nope nope you know
I'm tempted to use it because I should
know this
like failed miserably or something yeah
let's do that
I mean it was very kind there goes
Rachel's inspiration Oh another tally
mark they're catching up to you I don't
like your dice but I've touched them I'm
sorry
that's what it is oh that explains these
days okay yeah exactly
so the museum is full of artifacts that
have been found around Peru there's a
little there's a whole little section
that is as as a you know as a curator
and somebody who knows museums is very
editorial
okay about about how everything like
people shouldn't take ark artifacts out
of Peru it it uses a word um
there's like a part of it that is only
in a local language but it described it
essentially describes them as grave
robbers you know and it's like I said
it's very editorial for a museum which
definitely makes it stand out
once again my favorite GI Joe villain
the Baroness our lovely patroness no
word on when destro is finally going to
start backing us every week you give
money I will make a new GI Joseph is my
pledge to you last week it was Tom axons
a mine I'm gonna have to do some really
the the mics don't want to hear the
cobra commander voice that would not
that would not be good
um it's like backup three for you so so
yeah there it's clear that this museum
has an angle and that it is you know it
is not the the current I mean I don't
know how you feel about it you can
decide your character feels about it but
the current sort of I come from the
Western world this belongs in a museum
not your music museum attitude is
definitely prevalent so this is you know
this is this is deaf it stands out to
you that that viewpoint stands out to
you okay interesting especially since
the article talks about you know gold
artifacts and yeah that sort of thing
and what I know any like lore or
mythology about the pyramid or anything
like the supernatural aspects of so you
could you could make an occult role sure
your dice better not fail me oh 44
that's not bad where's my gold it's 60
so I mean you don't know anything
specific about Peru you know you you
know the basic sort of the Aztecs were
very into blood sacrifice their pyramids
were usually centers of sacrifice ACK
rifice for that sort of thing often
times their pyramids were also tunes
and yeah that's you know it's it's you
you have sort of the surface occult
stuff you don't know you know that
they're there haven't been a lot of like
gold defines in in these pin Aztec
pyramids so this is that definitely is
remarkable okay all right so I have so
lay me out here the lay of the land
so where's kind of the university what
I'm trying to do is weasel my way into
getting somebody to come talk to us out
of the university okay and so is there
like I don't know go to the person who's
Manning the desk or certainly you know
you play the you play the the I'm just a
tourist actually I want to play the I'm
a tourist and I'm here my esteemed
colleague oh that's your Octavia
yeah bridges with me and I there you go
you don't have a car deal yeah you got a
car icon and so I'm like here's your
card
alright you could make me a credit
rating rule we're gonna use this as sort
of a blanket have they heard of you yeah
well that's way better yes okay see I
pushed for other way everything it's
better question is hot glue I mean the
role is 69 from so here comes our first
use of something that not hot I just saw
that picture hi yeah so I stole this
idea from I borrowed it from a guy
online who made these NPC sheets and I
thought they were such a good idea that
I sort of remade them so about 20
minutes later down comes Professor
nemecio Sanchez Oh better
he's like the beard no he's bloomin
dapper and neatly oiled hair well your
beard yeah he wears glasses and is
usually dressed in a suit when at the
University so a bit of a fob got it yep
loves to talk about archaeology history
and anthropology
yes he does well why not going to meet
you
was his name again from SEO Sanchez here
so also on that sheet is a place for you
guys to keep notes so if there are
things that you want to note down about
professor Sanchez as we're going you can
put it on that sheet yeah handsome dude
everybody can make a spot hidden role as
he walks towards you HOT prof. is Mira
aren't they always I never come up in
any of the previous game so you're on
enough playing with all girls so
professor Sanchez comes forward and he
speaks pretty good English this is this
is by the way I'm not the only accents
that I will be doing are English ones
any other accents I won't be doing so
professor Sanchez introduces himself and
he he you know as soon as you he knows
that your professor ology he's very
excited and you know there is a sort of
there's a long talk about he walks you
through a museum and he shows you
Stephanie so everybody else can see how
hot is and he you know he definitely
also makes sure to stop at the the
editorial part of it and everybody can
make a psychology role at that point and
don't forget if you make a role check it
off nope oh all right everything's
fine Bob but so yeah he goes you know he
talks about that and he clearly gets a
little hot about you know about he this
is something he cares deeply about very
passionate yeah yeah so after he
walks you through the museum he says so
and what brings you to Lima oh just um
the expedition I heard about it what's
your expedition the pyramids there's a
new discovery are you traveling with
Larkin mm-hmm
why is that a problem so clearly he does
he's a he doesn't like his demeanor
changes he can't win when you when you
bring up Larkin he says well I have you
know I am a little disappointed that mr.
Larkin has not allowed has not agreed to
allow me to help with this expedition I
have suggested several times that I have
information that could be of use to him
and he he simply ignores me and I I'm
I'm very afraid that all he cares about
is finding artifacts of value and
selling them is his reputation precedes
him mm-hmm
so to get him to sort of give more
information I'm like really so you know
doing it really so what kind of smart
things do you have to say about this
expedition sir so mainly what he says
about the expedition is just throwing
shade at Larkin okay so it's not any
tangible right he's like Larkin is a
fake and you know he wonders where
Larkin is getting his financing because
Larkin is he's like market Larkin has
been small-time you know this is this is
I don't know where it's where the
money's coming from but I'm very I'm
very suspect and he's he's definitely
sort of put up his shields around you
now that he knows you're you're working
with this expedition I tilt my head the
other way hmm we could talk with him if
you'd like
we could also you know tell you how the
expedition goes all roads I mean I'm a
woman of science I like sharing
information that that would be wonderful
I mean I'd appreciate that and I I would
hope as a fellow scholars scholar that
you would agree that whatever you find
there if you find anything should not
leave Peru I agree I just must be
catalogued and it must be studied here
yes where it's rightfully belong
it I'm so glad that you you feel that
way there has been you know we go out
time and all the time
things move around the world but Peru
has the right to to have it as long as
she desires to keep it if you wish to
share our artifacts with England in the
future we've done these things
throughout time you know but I don't
understand I'm afraid that you will
pardon me if I if I believe that the
English and the Americans have a
different idea of share than they
perhaps my people and the peoples of
Egypt or other areas might think I it
de-stresses me greatly to think that
this this Larkin would take what
rightfully is the heritage of the
Peruvian people and display it elsewhere
and not allow you guys to experience
sell it let's be I mean let's be clear
Larkin is only in this for the money hmm
what information would you give to
Larkin if he would if you were to hear
you out you said you had information
that may be of interest to him but he
isn't listening what what would you say
to him if you could
well I've I've been talking to someone
else from his expedition mr. Hughes who
who's very nice and and he's he's he
really believes the same way that I do
and he's really kind of he is the one
who's trying to get Larkin to talk to me
mr. Hughes is you know he has some
ridiculous ideas but he he he cares
about the Peruvian people and that's
that's my main concern he speaks much
better Spanish than any of you which is
nice and he but he so he he believes in
he is mainly following Larkin because he
wants to go up into the highlands he has
heard we there's a folklore tale among
my people of the Cara Seri Cara steering
the car Seri K H AR si RI and they are
there's something like your Western
vampires oh I say there are they're a
they're an old wives tale told to scare
children to make them sleep and he
believes that there are these these car
series around these pyramids and that
they are there's something going on with
them with the car Assyrian a connection
to the pyramid he's as I said I like mr.
Hughes but if you get him started
talking about that it's gonna be a long
night
do you know any of the lore of the
carrot car serie well I mean yes I I I
can tell you some stories however it
will be hard for me not to it's just not
there's no such thing it's ridiculous
they are they they eat they eat the fat
of humans is the is the the old wives
tale and they they survived off of off
of that and they're there as long as
they keep eating their eternal mmm-hmm
and so the story was that ancient Mayans
would turn into these Cara Siri and they
would live until today up in the hiding
they they their mindless there they're
just full they they know only hunger hmm
is there anything in this folktale that
talks about ways of handling said
creature like you to protect you any
sort of like no the car see rare car
Siri or deathless that's the whole point
is the only way they don't die is by
starving
mmm-hmm interesting so so you this tale
was told to children to to scare them
yes don't go out at night the car Siri
will get you don't you know if you don't
know there or my English is not great
but boogeyman I think is the okay it's
equivalent yeah that would end the the
the American equivalent professor
Sanchez answer me this has there has
there been any have you heard any
problems with the expedition I mean I
think the entire expedition is highly
problematic I just so the feeling
that Larkin was you know desperate there
we go that's the word I'm looking
well-written the fact that you know has
something happened
oh no they're actually quite the
opposite okay it's the surprising thing
up until this point I've had a few
run-ins with mr. Larkin and he's
small-time he's you know he's trying to
I don't know he's trying to steal out a
Mayan calendar to sell to some you know
Museum in Philadelphia or something
ridiculous but it's it's been very much
a shoestring kind of you know fly by the
seat of the pants I think is you you
would say but this is very different
this is a well-funded expedition and
it's going very deep up into the
highlands your he thinks the pyramid is
somewhere mr. Hughes told me he thinks
the pyramid is somewhere up by Pune oh
and that is so Pune oh and get ready
twitch streamers because here comes a
big laugh so punyo is way up here by you
guessed it lake titicaca course it is
no that's just you know and he'll show
you want to map where Cuyo is and it
becomes clear to you that that's gonna
be quite a travel because Lima is here
yep who neo is there and so essentially
you will take a boat down to this to a
city here and take
train up to the city of Lambo and then
from there you're huffing it basically
more boats yes more breath well I'm
taking a truck I'm a little off boats
after I'm done roads is there anything
else that I can help you with if you you
know of course dr. Aldridge if you know
if you need any study or anything like
that please come by I'll make the
archives available to you though that
would be most helpful thank you mm-hmm
and I would appreciate it dr. Aldridge
if you would give me the professional
courtesy of when you return at least
letting me know what Larkin has
absolutely I appreciate that
it's one Scholar to another thank you so
much thank you
well if there's nothing else I'm going
to return thank you very much for your
time thank you of course okay so he'll
he'll go you can hang around the museum
as long as you want there so any sort of
maps I could find or sure yeah you find
I mean very similar map to are well are
you looking for maps of specific things
like maps of ancient pyramids or
something or so there's not really that
what you need in the library you should
probably a map of terrain as well give
it to get an idea of what we're going
into yeah yeah so leave that area that's
a guy's up by up by Puni oh it is very
you're in that you're in the foothills
of the Andes and so you're very you're
gonna be dealing with altitude you're
gonna be dealing with cold weather
you're gonna be dealing with but it's
still there's also there's there's it's
it's called boreal jungle basically it's
it's cold weather jungle right well that
allows us to come here a little better
yeah I can boots weather layers layers
woolen socks and things like that we
need extra pairs of socks there's
something you don't want to have cold
wet feet that's no really bad thing yeah
that's one of the quickest ways to
develop frostbite
yeah we need good boots - boots oh one
important thing that Sanchez that the
the important I don't know just you know
on my moral Bandstand the the editorial
thing makes it clear that there are no
laws in Peru against foreigners taking
stuff out okay so this you know he can't
stop marking legally perfectly legal but
it's wrong right right so how does that
work well you know like you know like
minders keepers yeah so there's no
there's no law that says you know you
can you know there's no law that says
you have to pay us to take this out of
the country or anything like that and
there's no like staking a claim or
purchasing property here nope okay you
just wander in the dirt you're just like
am i fine now you're like this gold is
mine yep okay it's the wild wild west
yeah okay okay you're getting on towards
the towards the evening and you know you
have an you're you're due to meet at
7:00 p.m. at the bar
was it the bar chord oh no I just put
bar or go on the bar that's all Emma
care about come on the bar the bar so
the bar chord oh no is a lovely little
spot it's it is sort of the the hub of
the expat community and Lima so there's
a number of other Europeans there and
you you have a sinking feeling as soon
as you open the door because in a table
off to the side are two gentlemen that
you don't recognize and Jackson Elias
hmm and there and they're there it's to
be expected he sent the tongue he's at
the ladder so they're huddled in
conversation and everybody make a spot
hidden role yes
critical success oh yeah success nice me
too critical success all right so
everybody that made it you clearly see
when you walk in Jackson Elias like
locks eyes with you and goes and just
shakes his head like somewhat
imperceptibly so I'm in quor'toth of
lost
who didn't make critical success so as I
walk in and she's kind of just bowling
registrar I just grab her under the army
we just swing around to the bar I'm like
literally Jackson Lee no go let's uh
let's get drink all right something
obviously so the two people that are
sitting with him this guy oh and this
guy
yikes this gentleman here can really
hurry by him he is also clearly like
very ill he is sunken eyes sallow and
his skin is like a not good color
um he coughs a lot into a handkerchief
um he's yeah he's clearly not well and
um and this guy all he's doing is just
glaring at Jackson Elias just angrily
and every once in a while you can like
he clearly just says no and Elias says
something else
mm-hmm guy just goes no and Larkin like
because this is augustus larger Larkin
looks up and he notices for women going
to the bar he says oh these must be my
ladies ladies ladies Oh be right there
sweetie got drinks with animal men oh
yes of course
no I'm fine they're days I'm fine partly
not so yeah you can like and so when
like he Elias now makes eye contact with
all of you and like he looks like he's
pleading for something with his eyes
intelligence 20 I've known
I mean unfortunately telepathy is not
what if see is he like doing body
language convenience uncomfortable if he
looks uncomfortable
that's like just somebody doing a role
for that because I what am i I'm not
sure psychology would give you much more
that he's uncomfortable oh so here's the
thing what I do again if I kind of get
it yeah which I may or may not yes I'm
me is once read the bar I'll be like uh
Jackson could you give us a hand over
here and just call him over there you go
to ask him to carry a drinks but he does
not respond it's busy writing something
make well so hmm
when you say Jackson everybody can make
a psychology role sure oh that's a I got
all the zeros you hold a hundred awesome
awesome did anybody make the role no
I'll deal with Amy in a minute Sara Lee
okay so the psychology yeah so you I
mean it's it's like Jackson is trying
all of that a mendoza is like noticing
this and now he's glaring at you Lorcan
sanders okay
Larkin seems pretty oblivious mm-hmm and
he's just like oh it's so nice to have
some ladies along it really it's been
far too long can I stab him yes
excellent Jackson were fond of Jackson
Larkin is like a lark and leans over to
Jackson Elias and he says you see Hughes
these are the ladies I was telling you
about crazy and the vampire yeah
confused with the other guy it looks
similar yeah okay arts I'm sure okay so
so you fight you come to the table and
you see Market Market is wearing like
the stereotypical like white linen suit
with like untied tie he is he's clearly
unwell are any of you medical doctors no
really but I have some training if
somebody somebody has medicine they
could make a medicine roll I do it's
only a little bit I don't want to sit
next on though I'm not nope Jackson a
lot and Jackson Wyatt so there's the
last chance Mendoza is just like staring
luis de mendoza luis de mendoza he is an
angry [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
super yeah he's he's clear I mean he's
clearly muscle
he's clearly Larkins muscle and he is he
rarely he doesn't say much other than
know you don't know if he speaks English
or not do can we seem to understand but
he doesn't you never eat like you don't
hear him speak English like really he
just says no Louise I just wanted to do
ease de Mendoza Diamond dosa
he's a very he's a very handsome you
know he he handsome in a gaunt swirl
well yeah he's he's very well 13
he's very European he has blue eyes he
has white skin probably conquistador
stock or something in his in his
background who knows but he's also
clearly fairly native mmm-hmm
Larkin is clearly not at all although
Larkin speaks very good Spanish and so
does Jackson Elias shockingly they they
were having a fast-paced conversation in
Spanish so Larkin Susanna and first he
introduces de Mendoza and and then he
introduces Jesse Hughes is a folklorist
who is is working with the expedition
very excited very excited to have him
along he's he's really had some very
interesting ideas a little fixated on
dogs admittedly but Greg can the man eat
cheesy take my now ladies please III
I've really only had the barest of
information about you so I'm so excited
that you want to be part of this
expedition please introduce yourselves
hmm Jesse which one do you think is the
most capable well aware that all of us
could stab him they all look pretty
tough and smart
dr. Larkin I'm professor Octavia Aldrich
the one that made that large deposit if
you remember oh well that's lovely
always nice to meet a funder mm-hmm
thank you so much but in addition to
that I have a great love for
anthropology in archaeology so I'm quite
interested in expedition on an academic
level it's wonderful so glad to have you
along professor glad to be here and you
are I'm Alexandra Hartford pleasure to
meet you why does that name sound
familiar to me I couldn't say I'm sure
well and and what what what's your
interest in this expedition I have a
fascination with with with things though
of a lore perspective just trying to
trying to see why the world works the
way that it does Oh interesting you and
Hughes should talk good probably should
at some point well oh I do beg your
pardon it's I I mean trust me I I look
worse than I feel just one second oh ah
that's better
is there any like blood on his
handkerchief oh there's a tiny bit of
blood there tuberculosis yes it's fun
yeah he's clearly you know you're not a
doctor but he they're not well mmm
but he also seems you know he's got a he
seems very he seems cheery at least he's
trying he's putting on a brave face fair
enough
professor I I just enjoy ancient you
know ancient archaeology I'm a private
investigator I have a knack for finding
lost things so oh well that is excellent
yes so excited to have you aboard and a
private investigator I'm guessing
there's a gun somewhere involved here
which is a fest as I pull out my machete
and like step
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like everybody's lying no most of
the people in the bar don't even care
cuz you know they all have machetes but
every muscle in buck de Mendoza's body
just tenses at once like he's ready to
like jump across the table and I fight
me and and I see him do this and I'm
just like very casually wanna dance
but but once you put it down leg relaxes
but you know he clearly is bodyguard you
know of Larkin and oh you seem very
Jezebel that is all you can go on I have
an interest in the supernatural and when
these pyramids hold Oh interesting well
I I sort of hate to break it to you but
I think all they hold is gold gold is
fine with me as well well thank you so
much for joining me please let's have
dinner
I recommend there's a local fish stew
Yesha tada that is wonderful Marion food
this one's lovely I think I will get the
arrow appears that's fine no vegetables
well not that don't include meat it's a
they do have so so they'll they have um
they have these like almost sweet potato
kind of tubers that are that they'll
roast that are pretty good so you you
know over dinner there's light talk
Larkin talks a little bit about his
background he's not he's not like
talking about the the mission or
anything like that
he is from you know he didn't want to
follow his family's business which was
railroads and he wanted to travel the
world and so he went in archaeology and
he
you know he goes around and he finds he
finds things and he sends them to
museums for an appropriate finder's fee
of course
okay so from what he's telling us I
could suspect that he comes from an
upper middle-class family if not a
wealthy family if he's in railroads
right yes do I get the sense of like is
he the black is he'd like the youngest
child who's like I do what I want or oh
interesting you know obviously some
black sheep sort of like screw you dad
money to do this oh you guess not
because of what Professor Sanchez be
saying about before this he wasn't well
funded okay and so there's obviously
some there might be something there yeah
okay yeah and you also are any of you
English I can't remember yes okay make
me a make me a intelligence role oh good
morning Scotland
yes there's been a hard success hard
success okay my my int is 80 and I
rolled it 20 nice yeah
his accent is colonial of some sort it's
not it's not from the native Island in
there's something in his accent that is
not English fair enough
he does not offer any information about
you know his his so after after the meal
he he orders a round of pisco sours all
around the the national drink of Chile
you know what next time we need to have
a drink peace I was sours yeah I don't I
don't actually know what a pisco sour is
we can figure it out yeah sure I'm sure
we can because there were some
compendium of all the world salad come
on HP Lovecraft Historical Society
where's the pisco sour right at our
fingertips a recipe okay so he Larkin is
very charming he moves a conversation
along de Mendoza is the exact opposite
of that and then even if you talked to
him he does not respond hmm and it looks
like
Jesse / Jackson is like just worried
that someone's gonna call him Jackson as
you got some inspiration there happen I
mean that's my loans that's what my look
was 46 I want to add another hash mark
you can do 92 right hundred you know
what though that's a 10-ounce yes yeah
so this is gonna be like a do not call
him Jackson there's like a lot of like
Jesse the inspiration worked
yeah instructive that only it didn't
failure your successes mean nothing to
me
so yeah you know but once once the
conversation starts going it's okay and
Jackson / Jesse does not on my news he
does a lot of like making like really
blunt statements to like fill you in on
his fake backstory like well as a full
orest from New York University at one
point he goes and since we've never met
before earlier
[Music]
you wouldn't know that de Mendoza is not
buying it
he like he is like looking at you and
then looking at him and not sure what's
going on
and so Larkin you know Larkin is just
even even with sort of Jackson is aware
of de Mendoza's like mm-hmm anger with
him and that sort of thing and he's just
like trying to ignore it and talk about
things and so as the drink start start
to come I Larkin is Larkin starts
talking now the expedition and the his
first he's sort of beeline into it is
just how ridiculously wealthy everyone's
gonna be and he like he talks about you
know I mean if if what we found in these
ancient texts is true this is this is El
Dorado really the the fabled City of
Gold so do you think the pyramid that
you found is that like the bank like
what was the purpose of the pyramid I
don't know I'd make a bank I'd make it a
pyramid we haven't found the pyramid
we're going out there to find of the
pyramid we've we found references to
where we think it should be there will
definitely have to be some triangulation
involved but you know I mean I think
it's gonna what we find there will will
I'm I mean if if if what we've read is
true it's gonna be priceless and the
text where did you ascertain where did
you find the texts where the text here
in Lima or were the texts
elsewhere what did you well so what I
you know the texts were were we
traveling up to puno and talking with
the locals the quay check they they have
a lot of stories about this area I met I
met a farmer let's see what's his name I
met an alpaca farmer and he claimed that
his grandfather recovered these and he
pulls out
who gold artifacts and he chunks them
down on the table one is a pendant that
is a man holding two rods or staves and
they're like rectangular shapes around
it and the other is a gold cup with
geometric patterns all through it do I
get any weird readings off of it
supernaturally hmm not supernaturally no
but anybody who wants to examine them
and he passes them around the table can
make an archeology roll yeah I mean I
want to hold them oh yeah that was a
hard hard success all right um
you it's clear to you that these items
are from two entirely different time
periods and two entirely different
cultures like there's no through-line in
either of these pieces interesting you
don't really have well you got a hard
success right okay so one of them the
the pendant resembles some artifacts
taken from a pre-columbian Indian tribe
native tribe called the Tiwanaku and
then the other one is probably Incan and
so that puts one of them in the about
the the tihuanaco piece is about the 5th
century and the Incan one is probably
the 15th century so there's a thousand
but Larkin is sort of blissfully
apparent may be unaware or doesn't care
or just you know he's biessing you with
gold stuff hmm and these were found from
the scene okay
well the farmer who gave them to me yes
he said again he said that he's his
father guys mm-hmm
found them but his his father never
returned to the site Super's they're
very superstitious and the Quakers he'll
understand but he didn't have the
precise location but he did like I said
he narrowed it down so that I really
think that we could somewhat easily find
this pyramid and did did he say why he
never returned what the superstition was
that kept him away Jesse Jesse
bussing vampires really Peruvian
vampires you're getting close to the
character Larkin
looks a little non plus and de Mendoza
just frowns and shakes his head and
lungs as well and our colorful friend is
somewhat correct yes they they have
superstitions about the Cara Siri which
are cars a ruthian vampires sort of
mm-hmm
so you're pretending like you've never
heard of them
not really didn't sort of listening okay
and yes it's poppycock I'd like to know
more
I wouldn't it's ridiculous when you say
you like him more but Jackson goes so he
goes on he goes up he basically says a
lot of the same stuff that Professor
Sanchez said I need the full floor so
any more details like how to defeat them
or in the photo you ask a follow-up
question yeah and Jackson once again
goes mine hmm
but you don't in Spanish desculpa me
okay he stands up and he alright
have you seen the statistics on this one
does anyone have a better view 34 or 9
what for what for falling in Mendoza
you're tracking no just a stealth oh
hell I'll give it a try I'm just gonna
schedule a so it would be pretty obvious
yeah should I know you have a 50 inch
self you follow yeah just first time
I've seen my camera session 3 is my
first time Sanga time I could do it so
it it's gonna be kind of obvious you
know do you want to wait a few minutes
or do you want to just under 4 minutes
and that's 29 mine's this regular track
the base ok well that's still good you
see him lumbering off in the distance if
you because you missed the roll if you
want to try and still follow him you're
gonna have disadvantage that is you're
gonna roll to tens okay actually have 40
stop in my bed okay that's so that's
that's pretty good so you'll roll your
tens again and you'll take the worst
that is good she had an eight oh okay
so what's that if she hit it again yeah
eight all right Dan yeah she's on fire
yeah you are the night you are the night
he has no idea that you are following
him cool I blend in with the night yeah
so he seems to be going in the direction
of the museum did you did you give an
excuse when you got up I'm going to
powder my nose
alright Larkin is oblivious Markin is
also clearly a little drunk at this
point okay so um
I kind of scoot around to talk to Hugh
okay
and so Jesse I'm sorry I thought you
said your last name is Hughes Hughes
yeah Jesse Hughes so I'm just gonna call
you here now just handle it just a third
name yes huh it's that a great day and
deal with it so what are you doing
here he can't know it's me
why would he know it's you in the first
who are you to know I don't understand
what do you mean written books about
debunking all this crap so I mean
obviously he's not a believer so what's
the difference I don't want him to think
that I don't believe look I don't trust
Larkin and I don't want to give him a
reason to not trust me so are you okay
we'll talk after okay fine it's just
like Mark and with Jackson again I can
Stephanie yeah it's fine maybe later
so Morgan has been going on like you
were distracting Larkin and he's been
telling a story about how thank you he
first heard about this loss of pyramid
while he was traveling in the highlands
from that alpaca farmer
Ernesto Moyo and that his grandfather
found those artifacts and he points to
the picture of the cup but then oh he he
said it was a cursed place and he didn't
want to go back it's ER it's ridiculous
I mean of course Kirk curses but I wish
to you know I want to go to this visit
and bring its treasures to the world
this could be the next Tut expedition or
something we could we could we could be
rich or the first ton here's it 21 is
okay I'm not sure about that I don't
remember when the Ted expedition 26 26
yeah oh wow you guys know more about
this time the internet will be like you
are all right
I want to consult the internet before
the internet tells me I'm wrong
true so who tells you that he's hired
several trucks for the expedition and he
says oh and whatever equipment you need
please I'll reimburse you get what you
feel you need everything you're getting
a tent with carpets and lights generally
on babies yeah exactly it was 23 just
out of curiosity being denied in one of
your investors who else has helped
support you we all really our only
investor other than your only named
investor the other investor wishes to
remain anonymous
very very charitable well we're so glad
that they have seen the the obvious
value of our work and very excited to
get you know maybe maybe you should have
that looked at have you have you seen a
doctor I mean my husband is a doctor yes
yes I've I know I look I promise that I
won't slow the expedition down I've had
this condition for a while and it's um
it's debilitating but I have good days
and bad days and the expedition that'll
be good days nothing cures this illness
like gold okay there's a saying about
you know having enough money you you can
cure anything so nice even depression
miraculously leave the plans are here I
don't plan is to meet Monday morning at
the hotel espana that's where I'm
staying we have three trucks so we'll
load up our equipment and we'll make our
way Oh
so one thing you notice is that you're
not taking we're not taking a boat we're
driving the whole way great and
on the journey take oh it should take us
four days Oh
as we drive up into the Andes and
that'll that'll bring us to puno which
is right near Lake Titicaca is that the
actualization yes
yeah Lake Titicaca yeah and we're all
twelve year old boys yes yes we'll get
back to you in a second
so Larkin is going to but when you say
that he says but you know I probably
should get a little rest so yes I'm
going to nations sir
mmm-hmm hydration yes waiter one more
pisco sour hmm i cheers him I'm like I
like you sir
he downs it and then he staggers off
into the night so you are the night you
are following him you get close to the
University which you now know where is
because you traveled that way and he
turns off into a neighborhood close by
you can easily follow him with your
crazy roll okay and he he is knocking
on a door of a house can I see the house
number and the shirt yeah you can get
the address you have an address okay
make me a spot hidden roll oh I miss
bowling for okay you don't see who
answers the door but he he jams his way
into the room into that and and the door
slams behind him like he forcefully
enters the house oh and the door closes
behind him can I hide in a bush and
kind of find like a window I can try to
eavesdrop on what's going on sure sure
you hear you don't even know well
nope okay I haven't want Harry
alright so you you slide up to a
window and you peek your head in mmm and
you see de Mendoza with his back to the
window and make a luck roll let's see if
you have owned this or not Oh 45 and my
luck is 40 okay so whoever he's doing
this he's like choking then I'm
wondering some chicken we can
inspiration if you like oh we do have a
lot okay inspiration or I could spend
look or you could spend luck you could
spend like what is it for luck you could
you can't get back yeah yeah it'll be
fine look do you want to spend five luck
being aware that this is still the
prologue no worse all right so yeah
your view is blocked by him by his body
he's doing something to a gentleman in a
suit
hmm so like basically you see all you
see is his back and then the legs of
another gentleman okay I mean you do you
man are you watching okay it's clear
that the man is struggling struggling um
make another luck roll 55 all right um
the the man is now like trying to beat
me he's hitting Mendoza and like the the
the the blows are getting weaker and
weaker hmm I'm gonna get up and run back
to the bar okay you you traveled a ways
it's probably 15 minutes back to the bar
I will run as possible okay
no and you're gonna come back here is
that the plan okay so you you are you're
running back so when Larkin leaves
Jackson Elias
if that is your real name yes I'm
totally a writer
I heard of pseudonyms my friend Jesse
Hughes's so look if Larkin knew that I
was the guy who's written all those
books debunking all of this stuff he
wouldn't let me on the expedition he
doesn't seem to care about all that much
about what people want or why they're
here he's here for the money he does he
does for the money what do you think
wait a minute
so he doesn't look very good and one
thing I know about the occult and
spelunking and things like that you
don't look like that from just climbing
rocks and and finding artifacts there's
something affecting that man and I'm
pretty sure that's not just a cold he
may just have tuberculosis and this
maybe is dying look I spent the months
after that boat I came here oh that
bloody bones got the same eyes as as reg
original you think yes oh my work here
and I went around I went up to Nuno and
I was talking with people and they all
told me Larkin was trying to get natives
to go to that pyramid
mmm-ma doesn't care well that was him
that was his first trying I mean well
just to work yeah just to like take
stuff and nobody would go because that's
a cursed spot so that's when he hires us
to do this so what's going on you know
what's what are we Pakistan's diction
he's he's this is an addiction he has to
find it whatever it is and I'm I'm
pretty sure it's not just because I look
old I'm gonna tell you right now de
Mendoza is a vampire
oh all right I'm done wait it's gone
crazy
so to phrase your he's a vampire yeah
you seem different oh okay madam Jezebel
bus like out of breath into the bar and
I whisper in Alexandria's ear just yell
it no I just stood up a god this is
crazy I'm out here but okay what is it
Damon noses beating some dude up at this
dress and I had Joyce with the paper
with the address on I can't fight
I'll be right back so you're going alone
did I hear well I mean did yes we should
ask her right yeah so she wants other
people know hey you can all make a spot
hidden role to notice that she's leaving
we learned that you want to disguise no
these are my friends I trust them I'm so
I'm sorry to waste that really good role
I did I wrote like a 12 all right okay
you clearly see she says some to her and
no I'm gonna get up and say Alexandra
does is being a problem I'm gonna go
deal with us okay so then I say to
Jackson Eliza
he's not a vampire obviously because a
vampire wait okay I have a theory off of
that well Ackley time out what is
happening time out no do it bells what
is it so he looks very sickly and I had
this idea before I start looking around
the barn like yeah Elias keep saying
vampire which is very much like the word
for vampire in Spanish the clientele
he's like no I mean granted that I've
been standing up and sitting down and
waving our share guys let's go say yes
let's let's let's outside that's okay
Jackson puce outside you whatever your
name is Jesse Hughes don't let him know
that I'm Jackson Alya he can't know all
right let's go outside what what was
what was he doing demon does that what
was he doing he was beating up this one
poor guy and I couldn't see who it was
but it was at this address was there any
indication as to why no he just barged
into this house so why are we standing
around let's go let's get the police not
a vampire but I don't think he's well if
he's choking some guy to death whatever
meeting about yeah no relevant let's go
figure let's go fine
let's go okay Mike there is I think he's
just card sticking my hand cursor blood
on my piss just whatever thank you
I mean triangles like step on land it's
alright you step on other people's land
you'll take a stab to the address would
that be faster probably let's do it then
okay when you see a threat like as
you're getting close like Elias starts
like looking at the houses right oh do
you know the area yeah I do I have some
friends that live around here don't do
any of them live at this address I show
him the address
oh you know I think that might be so I
know a guy at though in a university
nemecio a buddy of mine this it's not a
co Sanchez about you mr. Hughes oh yeah
we met him at the university earlier
this evening yesterday Mendoza's going
to see nemecio well he's already very
meeting him up and Sanchez could be dead
that's not good all right the car pulls
up
what do you we're gonna start over here
what are you doing I'm paying the guy
tipping can I say if the door is still
open the door is not open it was slammed
shut when he went in where did you see
this that window all right I'm gonna go
around to the window and see what I
could say okay what are you doing uh
scooby-doo and Shaggy you right behind
her I'll be there sure why it's because
we should I wait two blocks and I hand
him at like an extra okay yeah he'll
wait for you I'll wait for you
rich people are smart like that
meanwhile we're like yeah Ellie Jackson
Elias is going for the door Jessie no uh
so you guys go to the window and you can
all you like and you have really been
signs of a struggle
and you see a woman the the window cuts
off so you can't see the floor but
there's a woman like looking at the
floor and crying at that point Jackson
Elias bursts in the door with a gun
drawn with his but he's
d45 drawn and you hear a scream you you
hear the woman screams she's like she
don't even look at the door just the
sound of the door busting open
ah alright damage her on a run back
yeah come around and say we heard it's
great okay yeah um
so Jackson Elias is like the gun is sort
of like limp in his hand and he's like
looking at the ground just like all
right so I'm gonna come in behind him
and look to see what's got him said okay
professor Sanchez is on the ground and
around his mouth are like acid burns
they look like and his mouth is open and
he's just like his eyes are staring far
off and he's just like and he's a woman
presumably his wife is over him crying
mm-hmm
everybody that looks at that can make a
sand roll I got a hard success nice yeah
mate so if you've got a successful lose
none excellent that's zero one your
father I mean this is nothing I've seen
that before
demons every day man so yeah he is lying
on the ground like sort of mumbling I'm
gonna crouch down next to him but hey
professor Sanchez do you remember me mr.
medically checking it out okay either
using first thing you can you can make a
first date role in this case well your
science I'm gonna try to figure this out
okay
your first thing you want to triage 18
no problem all right um
first dates 50 so he has some sort of
chemical burn around his mouth it looks
like something made a seal with his
mouth mm-hm and then like burn him
somehow and his tongue is similarly
burnt we need some milk we need some
in Spanish like that or oil anything
that so you saying that like snaps
Jackson Elias out of it and he like runs
to where he thinks the kitchen is he
opens the door to the bathroom oh sorry
baking some baking soda anything like
and he sound like they did in the
cabinets like looking for stuff like
crazy and he comes running out with like
a buck a glass bottle of milk I got the
milk okay here drink this slowly drink
this slowly the presser is Sanchez is
non-responsive okay he's just lying
there like oh let's see if we can pour
it okay here I carefully small sips
small thing like I'm trying to coax him
and trying to okay so yeah you get a
little milk down him and he starts to
like get feel like he's getting his
breath again it's no longer like gasping
for breath and he says he kissed me and
hmm I've never seen a kiss in my eyes
okay I've seen quite a few kisses
everybody yes but everyone that's around
Sanchez can make a spot hitting roll oh
yeah
no but I only missed it by one oh god I
miss it by a lot do you wanna spend a
like one together yeah yeah anybody make
it yes okay you're you're sure that as
you're like as you move him up something
in his abdomen like bulges out in a way
that it shouldn't like living or like
just like kind of mean wink
I mean mechanism character ever been
pregnant probably yeah okay a little
foot stuck out or something that's the
alien I am there start trying to see
there is something very fluid II but
solid in his abdomen and when you go
there it moves away guys
okay that would be funny the insanity
rule huh with that
26 surprisingly okay with that
okay via what is it this guy is got
something inside of him what should we
take him to tears that lay eggs okay
time out
should we take let's take him to the
doctor let's get him to the hospital
let's guess house beyond me that does
this like my husband's expertise so
let's what she's trying to figure out
that it's going on and like the milk
keeping them calm mr. Sanchez I'm sorry
but we need to take you to the doctor
you have something wrong with you that
is beyond my scope he's again he's
non-responsive again MS mrs. Sanchez
speak English at all
okay Kenna can we get Jessie and
translate can we get him to translate
and basically say we need to get him to
a hospital yeah she's 100% on board
they don't have a phone okay but we have
that camera on the corner that we can
get that's young
okay yeah you tell the cab to take you
to a hospital and you solutely you Jam
him in there what are you so you get
to the hospital and they're like how can
we help you once they realize you speak
English how can we help you ma'am this
this man needs to go into the ICU
there's he needs to have an x-ray
something is inside of him that
shouldn't be there a parasite because he
possibly a parasite but it's rather
large something is inside of him and and
his mouth has been burned yes oh yes I
see the burns yes and he's been drinking
milk it's been cooling off his melt but
he needs to he needs help
whatever this is is going to tear him
inside out I've never seen anything like
it before
what are we what is I don't know what it
is I there's something moving fast in
his stomach like a parasite like a like
a worm or a creature I don't know what's
in there he swallowed something
shouldn't have swallowed what well um
well well sure yes of course we'll check
him out he's clearly in some distress so
they're gonna take him into the
operating room right okay oh boy
I mean they're there get well off today
first they're gonna take him into an
examination room then prod are you gonna
stay at the hospital I'm going to
I think I will as well okay yeah and I
want to question Jackson twice a little
bit more so what makes you think this is
a vampire yeah I sit down I'm like well
baby vampire now what I wasn't expecting
that they did does the lore I can't
believe I'm asking this how about let's
start with logic chemical burns on the
mouth and tongue and he indicated that
he hadn't kiss yeah well and not only
that mendoza he knows sanchez through
how does it however they met
well Sanchez said he didn't know him he
didn't know who de Mendoza was well then
how would de Mendoza have decided to
just enter his home and he's following
him
maybe it's because Santa don't talk bad
about de Mendoza Halloweeny I've been
coming to Sanchez's house he and I had
been talking about this expedition we've
been sharing information he's gonna blow
this thing wide open
Sanchez we're gonna make sure that
Larkin doesn't take anything out of this
country de Mendoza's been following me
but why didn't he kill me if he's
following you do you think he's still
following you like and all of us well
yeah
now it's you're probably not the
interesting one mm-hmm you're nothing
about the local you're not the the
professor yeah yes I do think he's
following us probably but I mean yeah
we're being with him for the Lucy
expedition he do well you won't have to
look far what exactly did you see when
you were looking through the window yes
describe it exactly so Mendoza was his
back was to the window so I can only see
his back but I saw his hands beat
something if the guy's head Santa's his
head and Sanchez's legs were spread
apart you know in pain and that's all I
saw I didn't even expect the burn marks
around his mouth like that's come I
thought his head would be beat up not
burn marks and and centra is indicated
that he had been kissed like I didn't
see anything like that something well if
it's like the Peruvian
vampires maybe it's not actually a
vampeer
maybe it's a creature instead and that
legend is just a way to describe it
oftentimes what we see and what we make
stories are don't match a certain link
you get like what's happening right here
well I mean I think certainly you go you
go back to the the creation myths and
such like and and it's people trying to
make sense of the world around them by
telling stories that's destroys have
value sure well I will say that why
would a Mendoza like what happened at
that meeting that triggered him to go
after Sanchez oh I think I figured it
out what did you figure out there's
something that we said I think because
he went for he went from dinner with us
I could be told to use my face but if
Mendoza is actually one of those
creatures he's controlling Larkin
there's a reason why mr. Mendoza didn't
say anything and don't think it's just
because he's a bodyguard so at this
point it's about 1:00 in the morning and
a doctor comes out he's in
blood-stained
operating gear and das schwarze eval
he he he looked shaken and he said I've
never seen anything like this before but
um I had to remove a fair amount of
Professor Sanchez's small intestine
because there was a worm crawling around
in it a a foot long worm of some sort
that's not good is it still what
happened who are you people
I'm professor Turing society tearing
chaos turns out oh you're trying to
clean it up maybe what what happened to
this murder-hobos of the Cthulhu perhaps
I don't know exactly specifically what
happened it was not there but we found
him in distress and he had the burn
marks around his face and I saw acid he
indicated to us that he had been kissed
bye-bye I mean I think that's how the
worm got in there sounds about right
that sounds about right but so it sounds
like what you're saying who did this
how I kind of look at you guys I'm like
mmm it was a vampire know his name yeah
Hughes you sit down [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he's a vampire
Hughes not one more word out of you why
not why why not I don't know yes but
IFIF he knows don't and diamond owes his
name he could be in the next target are
we could get rid of them well that's
always an option
I'm right here there's a gentleman in
which we met earlier who's going to be
he shoved a worm down this guy's throat
apparently he saw it so I I think it's a
parasite is the creature still alive or
did it die in the removal process we
destroyed it good good I think my eyes
some kind of parasite inside of him that
spreads more worms I don't know the only
thing that I can speculate based on what
we know shoved in his mouth I think you
should all go have you not heard of such
parasites have you ever gone into deep
exploration before there's some pretty
big bugs and this was no ringworm madam
what kind of form was it yes what did it
look like I kind of look at him like he
does not want it like he's super
uncomfortable and does not want it it
was awful
that's all you need to know it was awful
from one doctor to another granit I'm
not a but yes granted you're not a
medical a lot of medical doctor oh there
comes the soft sciences don't the
academia
look I think you should go professor
Sanchez needs to like heal up that was
some very invasive surgery I understand
you're worried about him he's a
colleague of mine how do you know
professor Sanchez through this
expedition I met him earlier he's a
friend like one of my colleagues I look
at Hughes he's excuse is just sad about
this whole thing he's he's genuinely
concerned about Sanchez well professor
Sanchez's wife is in with him now good
the family will be taken care of they
have an infant that will be taken care
of she's but you you you you will be of
no assistance here we should go get some
rest we have a long day ahead of us it's
really late and I'd appreciate it if we
didn't go around spreading ridiculous
stories about any of this going on here
that's all oh no no II agree no
ridiculous stories at all I'll believe
that oh they'll leave that to Hughes
it's not ridiculous it's true okay so
he's staying at the hotel mari as well
you've got two days until the expedition
leaves so if I do get to run into Hughes
again I just want to find out exactly
what did you tell Sanchez professor
Sanchez so he and I had been talking
about this expedition and I was tell I
was giving him all the information about
where we're going where they think it is
what you know I took those artifacts
artifacts from Markin and the gold
they're not even from that time period
interesting
I mean they're not fake they're real but
they're not from that time period
mm-hmm and so you know he's using them
to like draw people in
yeah I mean he wants he wants dumb
Americans to go up there for some reason
and do something that the locals won't
do and you drew us into this luckily I'm
not a dumb American to different areas
the two pieces that we looked at earlier
one was from the fifth-century that one
was from the 15th century Oh Lord
and one was Incan and the other one was
a Native American
[Music]
team say what - Yukon damn I mean not
vodka Tijuana
okay you know and the people there tell
me that these Cara Siri are real but
this is just superstition Jackson I mean
I mean feel like the professor Sanchez
have a so was the hand of glory but I
saw nothing I saw a man with a gun okay
I saw the hand of glory and I saw it
work did you see what she just told us
that the lore says that the vampires eat
off the fat of people so how does that
make a new one who's trying to possess
Sanchez ugly so he is that how you make
a new vampire he impregnated central
like you're supposed to know the Lord I
don't know I can make a new vampire
aren't you the folklore guy I mean
that's a cover that does seem like a a
fairly important piece of folklore
though that should have come up at some
point how do you make another that and
how to defeat them well we go to the
library in the morning cutting off their
heads that works on everyone pretty much
getting all vampires you have to burn
them not all vampires Wow Oh manageable
types talk to I mean would they be lower
like some in the museum but more in the
library but also access to the archives
now yeah but also professor what about
somebody a practitioner a local
practitioner of pre-christian so in
leave religion whatever find that but up
in Pune oh there's a much greater you
know as you the more you get out of the
city there's a much greater chance that
you'll get the native side of the story
yeah versus here you'll get the like the
book learned inside okay I think that
the it's definitely a possibility
that's how he was being like they're
trying to transform him I mean yeah if
it is a cult I want to learn how to
defeat it fair do you say you said
something about demon does it
potentially being the controller was
that what you were saying that was
professor oh my apologies sorry okay I
heard someone say that interesting idea
hmm well I mean right now the evidence
is we have Larkin he has the same eyes
as Reginald which means he was messing
with things he shouldn't have been
messing with mr. Mendoza kissing Sanchez
according to his account and burning his
mouth and transferring this parasite
into him which probably turns them into
these horrors cursory yeah I think
Larkin is definitely cursed in some way
because whenever I do my whenever i when
i summon that ghost on the ship I mean
it took me out physically that's
probably what happened what's happening
to him and it could be that the care
sorry that the the car is sorry that is
in Mendoza is controlling or highly
influencing maybe he's feeding off of
him because they have to eat fat he
looked really sunken in if you upward
this is going your elias was very clean
exactly I'm just like okay his clothes
are too big for him absolutely because
he has consumption that's why I mean
there is a reasonable explanation for
all of this you can get worms I don't
know about you but we're not worried
anymore did you see them I didn't see
them
could we killed it to New York anymore
can get to be six feet long apparently
according to what about the Almanac of
worms or whatever or whatever their
annual newsletter are you have a leaflet
are you signed up for this and I mean
what happens if Mendoza just gave him a
bird I mean they were they in the
kitchen yeah but they were kissing and
if that's but that's the story well yeah
and that's the story there are
reasonable explanations for worms people
get worms all the time that was I've
never had worms myself but people get
them well I'm saying that they're not
mutually exclusive that he was worms it
what it was but it was a chemical burn
as opposed to you know a hot stove or
anything like that and I may be easy to
find like that was the sort of thing
that you need if you're in a chemistry
room I was only on his mouth to not
anywhere else right again I don't know
exactly how that goes it yeah and how
did that transfer it's more likely that
he went like this with some sort of
chemical that he had on him or found to
them that would have a sparkle why would
a scholar make up a stool and that's a
Jackson Elias question my measurement
questions but is it a Jesse Hughes
question oh for goodness sake it's
crazier in this scenario that's who I
don't know someone Costa or the don't me
stab you wow I need better friends you
dragged us into this yeah you here we
are your path sees the stupid Americans
that they all dragged in never mind the
two of us aren't American at least yes
I'm the stupid American that's the whole
point
yes yes you are yeah I did it what what
so you just told what else what other
piece of information in your
professional experience were a
professional opinion thank you
as whatever you are that you doodles
here as to whatever you are this week
professor writer P I yeah folklorist
okay what information do you think or
that do you think that Mendoza thinks
that you pass to the professor that
needs to make him kill or try to
attempted murder here attempted warming
attempted working well I don't think it
was attempted well I mean I think it was
that I was gonna that you know he and I
were sharing information about the about
this about the whole crew and that I was
going to tell him what was going on I
was telling Sanchez what was going on
and hmm I think I'm sorry no I think
Mendoza thought Sanchez knew what he was
which is why Mendoza is trying to kill
him to cover up his own track but why
didn't he he tried to get go after
Hughes yeah he was this beautiful
American yeah also surrounded by people
at that point yeah that's true and I
have a gun Oh Lord yes and you're
terrible with it yeah man but also to
Hughes is a believer where Sanchez is
not I'm also he I'm also a recording
your name now you do deserve that one
true but that wouldn't matter to Mendoza
like to hims like oh my secrets out
regardless if people believe it I need
to kill them well but if someone like
EMA is is told flat-out this person is a
vampire show she'll say well you're not
there's a logical explanation for that
true and so and so someone who isn't a
believer is less likely to you know come
after them with with the torches and the
pitchforks he's ordered she's pretty
dressing room boy repeat the rumor
that's true yeah I mean he he didn't I
mean well he didn't think you were
following him so he must not have known
that you'd all know it was him but yeah
you're right this wasn't a subtle
maneuver you know so his wife was in the
house so we need to know he's a vampire
just call it the worm tomorrow and so on
maybe now today I'm not sure I was
supposed to go to the University
Saturday and Sun Sun Saturday I was
supposed to go to the University and
Sanchez was and I were gonna meet with
he he had a research assistant who was
translating something it was it was a
they found an account of a conquistador
that they thought would have some
information about this and so she was
gonna she's gonna meet us and and so I
think we should we should still go to
that meeting yes I agree what time is
the meeting tomorrow after lunch
all right then I'm gonna go to bed yeah
we should get some sleep
it's been a very long day all right
whoop two loops I moved it I don't know
what it was that was a 90 Oh why'd you
roll 91 oh I missed it yeah I missed it
by like five you didn't roll in the 90s
another team okay yes I made it you go
to bed no problem you open your door and
it slams shut and de Mendoza is standing
there and we're gonna go to break we're
gonna take a five to ten minute break
opinion a five to ten minute break so
that our poor players can get rid of all
the water they're drinking and we will
be back short walk and we're cool
and a lot air quotes we'll find out what
pleasant conversation gay Mendoza wants
to have with Professor Aldridge you got
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
welcome back to worms and the women that
love them this episode is getting a
mature content burning on YouTube now
that's fine I'm sorry after all of the
big jokes the chaos I think we rode so
when we left there was someone in your
room
fight fight de Mendoza I know so de
Mendoza he doesn't like slam the door
but he closes it like firmly oh yeah beg
your pardon
why are you here I'm here to help
support the expedition and what are you
doing here this is mo is Jesse Hughes
he's an associate on the expedition you
know him he looked familiar and you've
met him before you're being rather rude
and you have invaded my room if you wish
to discuss this in the morning I'd be
happy to but I'm tired and you don't
belong in my room I start walking over
to the phone shall I call there's no
phone there's no phone there's no house
phone there's no phones in the house
there's a phone at the desk mmm I open
the door I'm like why are you trying to
ruin this expedition why are you working
with Jesse Hughes who worries Jesse
Hughes I don't know who is Jackson
Jackson is a colleague of ours and we
mistook him for him it's not the same
guy
make me a persuade role
oh yeah okay I'm watching you okay
watching all of you we're all not here
you've spoken to me since we met and I
find it very disturbing that you got
into my room who are you hmm
I'm de Mendoza I can go anywhere okay
how are you here to support mr. Larkin I
protect Larkin okay fair enough
if you in any way seek to hurt Larkin or
his reputation I will be there and I
know
Hughes is up to something and I know you
know Hughes you knew him before this
house I'm not an idiot
I saw what happened at the bar it was a
mistake the ladies have been drinking I
will go but this is a warning he leaves
I don't go to bed right away I'm gonna
come tell the rose I wait decided to
take a stroll down to the the front desk
and ask for some chamomile tea sure
they'll bring you some tea and decide to
go to your room a whole pot several
glasses okay so ice yeah yeah Mike yeah
it's quite late yeah moanin i'm sure
Emma never sleeps yeah excuse of
disruption I'm bringing some teen I
think we should grab our fellow
associates and bring them here I have
something that I would like to share
with you who's of course I just like
jump off the bathroom do you include
Jackson in this no all right
no Jesse Hughes and then I'll say it'll
be right back there's something brought
okay and then I go knock on your door
something just happened and I would like
you to join me and Emma yes dewers and I
pound on Alexandra's door I'm like
zombies are still wearing this a magnet
unik and trousers and button-up shirt
I'm still wearing the same so bad I
thought I was before i open the charlie
yes I'm full pajamas I'm like slumber
party I'm after-hours my room I'm like
reach back and grab grab grab a bottle
of alcohol cause I appreciate this okay
so we all like all right yep congregate
the to you guys so what's the move no
don't spill the tea drinking tea so
what's happened he looks shaken huh
yes Mendoza was in my room
what when really he was already in the
room did we had a conversation was the
room locked yes dude these rooms lock
the hotel do that okay how did he get in
he that's I asked him that and he said
there's not a single place he cannot go
and I said well that's rather rude and I
said it was very late in the Asian leave
and he said that I know you know Hughes
from before no and he said who is this
Jackson wise and I said he was an
associate of ours and that we mistook
him for ever and but just so but he
doesn't even know who Jackson Elias is
does anybody really
so Manoa's be signaling his mother
Sanna to read first books but you just
make a living doing that so
theoretically he has fans theoretically
I mean it could just be him running
himself hmm that's true how many copies
did he Sully
I don't know has anybody ever even seen
a book he's written before no and I read
to see a cult you've seen his oh really
yeah she still says that yeah sure yeah
so much shade there have been a couple
that I've seen in there in the drawing
rooms of some of the upper-class parties
that I go to now and again so I've seen
them they do exist said he was going
to keep an eye on us for and he also
though he believed somewhat my lie about
miss association with mr. jackson he did
he still suspects he also seemed really
strong he could have probably been a lot
louder when he closed the door when I
came in mm-hmm so he was showing some
restraint as well but anyways I think
that we need to maybe have a chat with
mr. Larkin I don't like the idea that
his bodyguard I asked him what he was
doing here he kept asking me what I was
doing here and I said but you're in my
room and he said I mean on the
expedition they said I'm here to support
it I've paid for it I'm one of the only
other backers and they only named one he
said so well maybe we need these were
going to disrupt the expedition he
doesn't want it to be stopped he was
very keen on that point which I mean we
all have something to gain you know I
mean money's not bad Ricky's not a bad
thing
mm-hmm Monday's phone yep new
discoveries not a terrible thing maybe
you could use your influence with mr.
Larkin to potentially separate the two
mmm see if my theory is correct Mendoza
is the vampire and he's already
controlling or influencing heavily
which tells me that Mendoza has a motive
and he wants to accomplish something by
this expedition probably unearthing
something for some evil plan demise
whatever but at the end of the day does
Larkin still hold the power is really
the question that's the thing I don't
think he does I think he's a puppets and
I think that Mendoza is actually in
charge I really need to go to the
library tomorrow so yeah wait you have
on the docket right now is trip to the
library meeting yep that guy the
research assistant girl she's also a
woman all right that's all I have but
yeah I mean it was cause for alarm a
night and and he didn't want to sleep no
it's very disturbing yes these were
different times I would call the police
and me to him I do have a Sling request
because he might be some kind of evil
creature I want to keep my occult
practices private mm-hmm just to be on
the safer side so I can maybe catch him
off guard mm fair enough
did you sense anything no I mean he
didn't even say a word to us all night
and then he starts chattering away when
he just doesn't like women I think
that's it typical yeah well he didn't go
after Sanchez true maybe he plays for
the other team
maybe you know perhaps anyways well um
you know if there's anything else just
stay in the same room for safety yeah
mm that's very concerning I don't trust
that man especially you can just come in
through a locked door
well again I'm sure he probably paid the
housekeeper to let him in well that's
not as hard as you would think to get
ticked off yeah there's that Alexander
your way
you knew to come me when me so next time
when I locked myself out of the house if
you're like Alexander okay so are you
gonna split up some go to the library
some go to the university are you going
to die through the library than the
University what I'd say well the
university is after lunch I think we
should stay together yeah as much as
possible and hey guys I'm feeling rested
Oh Jesse Jesse how you doing
Jesse hey great mr. Hughes hey Jesse
mister uses my dad over here it's the
word vampire nope sure I will put it'll
get you to come over here sure yeah
what's up all right I escort him outside
oh okay okay and I say I mean him
closely I said I was visited by a friend
mr. Mendoza last night he was inside my
room and he threatened me and he asked
me about you and your relation to
Jackson so you better come up with
something really good he really thinks
that you're up to something he thinks
you're trying to sabotage the expedition
cuz I am why
because let him think that why go there
oh I see right right yeah no I can no
problem I can I've been you know de
Mendoza doesn't trust me I've been
playing off that for a while
Larkin does trust me so I think I'm good
there but but he's going to be
watching us all very closely now more
than he would have normally well I mean
his on red alert and he can't if we
split up he can't follow us all just
wanted to give you a heads up I say
lovely weather thing or that or if he is
gonna be following us we have to be you
know pretty circumspect I mean the
problem is five Americans five you know
your mm-hmm Caucasians traveling
somewhere in this town is always gonna
be a I'm late now four five five five
non non yes understandably so but I just
wanted to I don't like the fact that he
can break into our rooms that's
disturbing
I mean he didn't shovel worm down your
throat so I'm like radio Mac step back
I'm like I must say ah I mean that's
point taken not sitting inside it's a
point for the good anyway oh why didn't
he I have no idea he didn't like attack
you or anything no he just threatened me
and we're sure that was de Mendoza in
he's a vampire did you invite him in no
sir maybe you don't have to invite him
in into a hotel that's why we're going
to the library you're gonna cut
everybody's invite it into hotels
exactly we need to change the pills
you're doing a really good job of doing
Thomas
[Laughter]
we need to change hotel actually I do
agree with that if you ever if you guys
never come back I do here with the
second hotel I agree as well actually
hmm
but we need that's where we split up
somebody goes and gets the second hotel
and then I cuz he's probably following
me I should go somewhere like I don't
know a park or something sounds good
okay
and then I will go to the library
alright so yeah I'll take you to the
library cuz I'm good but cuz that's my
scale and you're gonna go to the library
Jackson is gonna go do something and
then you're all gonna meet back up at
the Museum do I come to the museum I
mean he might be following me you could
I mean why don't we just take a tour
with okay your research friend and as we
walk around looking at the exhibits you
can fill us in you know what a certain
point those become meaningless if you
want everything near close then
everything is it's an in a sarcastic
tone exactly I mean technically we're
not looking at the exhibits we're
talking to someone else and we'll just
use it as a cover as tourists well but I
don't want de Mendoza to have another
target
I see Sean so all of us on these chairs
is in the hospital because of me but it
doesn't really because it no technically
because of Mendoza de Mendoza that's who
did this that's who's to blame yeah but
that's another ones thank you targets on
the people it doesn't make any sense to
start picking off the people that you
need for the expedition there's a reason
why Larkins recruiting people so I think
Mendoza's targeting specific people that
he feels will disrupt the expedition
well and he wants the expedition to
happen yeah because it didn't because
because he said he said you starting you
know don't sabotage mmm-hmm the experts
very very keen on that one
couldn't hurt you because you're one of
the funders hmm okay all right well
all right so he starts doing a very
unsubtle like boy I can't wait to go see
what they've got in the park gonna bust
this case wide open
I'm just leaving are you getting a nice
hotel a crappy hotel not a crappy hotel
but an okay hotel no not like the top of
the line but so you're you know you you
have some experience in shifty circles
you have a lot of experience in shifty
circles like there's not gonna be a
hotel where you're not gonna stand down
in this place in fact you might stand
out less at the Swank hotels because at
least there'll be other rich people
there the problem is Larkin's staying at
the Swank hotel which is where we were
staying I don't know if you're staying
at the hotel which is a nice hotel he's
staying at the hotel Europa which is the
five-star fancy hotel are there any
other hotels that are along the lines of
the mori yeah yeah but I mean you know
again it's gonna be you're gonna stand
out wherever you go you know it's not
like we can get a hotel under a fake
name and that'll throw everyone off I
mean a group of women Trevor I'm
traveling around together or three white
women and yeah thought it going exotic
one we're quoting this whole thing the
actual name of the episode
their foot society or the great day you
it's produce an okay day yeah right so
so you're gonna like you'll stay at the
hotel españa espana all right all right
back up hotel and we should have like
two more backup photos what are you
looking for at the library anything
about vampires we have some lovely
novels if you'd like do you have any
books on local folklore there you go
horse horse yes we can complete is there
anything in particular you're interested
in Lincoln that war gweicher or
specifically just peruvian yes yeah so
they point you to a section there's
there's a yeah they point you to like a
full floor section that has it seems a
fair amount they do say that you've
probably have more you'd up more
selections at the university okay cool
how many books do i have currently
there's like three or four make me a
library you stroll if you want to so
make your library use first and now if
you make it yeah okay in fact hang on a
second it's it's not the heart success
but the critical success oh wow yeah you
put all your points in library news okay
so yeah she's just like yep and yeah
there's a there's one reference in these
books to the Cara Siri mm-hmm and it
refers to them it's it's again the
vampire tale about sucking the fat out
of their victims to feed and it it again
it makes the point that they're mindless
another creature yeah again so that's
still a vampire not still a creature
still just a d-bag a d-bag pretending to
be a creature let's go with okay helps
yeah that helps me but perfect so look
for anything with worms we have the warm
out Almanac with the backlog of the
newsletter all your finest libraries
will have them scrolls you you so
there's nothing really about the the
worms or or burns or anything like that
so our the kiss or whatever so the the
car Siri when they when they attack when
they attack somebody they usually they
suck the fat out of them and it's
usually a chest wound of some sort okay
okay they usually like attached to the
chest that's like a mosquito okay for
Laura leach yet is there anything in the
books about defeating or fighting no
though there's no like they're they're
death lists the car Syria are death
lists the only thing that kills them is
starvation okay I'm going to make the
assumption you can probably burn them to
ash cuz that I mean they can't really
act as a rag doll
sure like again I mean that's what like
American vampire lore is like and
sometimes when the cross cultures makes
or it's very similar i can't english
today that's okay
wasn't following anything i think
with the hash tag not olive am i think
that's true blood oh god I haven't seen
it I've read one of the books that's all
I know about it is there any other
folklore stuff like about the kiss or
kiss of death or anything like that no
the car Siri there's nothing about
we didn't mention the thought it was the
car Siri to the right right so when you
ask her about the kiss of death there's
like you know it's great learning of
like the evil eye sort of thing okay
there's like you know there's like if if
a if a witch in a village you know
wanted to curse you she would create
this potion and then coat her lips with
it and then kiss you and that was the
kiss of death
a witch yeah it was always it's always a
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does it kind of give instruction
on what the poison is or would that
have to be found that like that would be
like that would be you know well that
was native load yeah okay
so at least we know that it's a poison
of some kind made by a witch witch with
what the caustic burns makes a lot of
sense mm-hmm and it might not even be
supernatural does that make Mendoza
witch sure
yes he prefers the term warlock paper
first bad person
so what's what's a persuade this well
there's persuade right there how about
that even though I'm have terrible dice
I'm so asked librarian is really is 50
okay good
um so we should ask the librarian if
there are any like local like what would
have witch doctor be in this 27 yeah
okay are there any local witch
doctors hmmm she seems a little
she's amused by the question kind of and
she's like oh well that's I laugh along
with haha I mean limas Lemos we're a
city of progress
I'm sure if you you know went out into
the villages you could find something
like that but you're not gonna see that
sort of thing in Lima okay this is a
modern city mm-hmm okay oh no I'm just
writing a book on the occult don't worry
what I really believe in these three
things you you know we've just got we've
got some new Jackson Elias books that
yes he is my rival
[Laughter]
okay so then you all head to the
University mm-hmm
everybody make me a luck roll nope oh
yeah yeah for once I made it
17 nope nope all right the two of you
that made it will spot hiddens watch
this is like 90 team now here's my 92 oh
that's 100 that's a hundred Oh 56 so I
still make up just don't make it a
triple there's pie hiddens really good
that's I really the other place he put a
spot roll so you notice yep okay David
those are clearly following her okay
where was I cuz I was for me from the
library so is there coming up to the
University with her okay damn and Jose
is like you know does he see me see her
see him whatever that's all about you
tell me about this all right no it
doesn't appear that he does Oh actually
she rolled a hundred yeah he totally
does okay so he sees me see him yeah
okay so then no I don't tell you and
he's he doesn't react really okay okay
all right
so we're walking up to the university
yeah you go in you go you a you ask
professor Sanchez and the woman is very
sorry that I'm sorry professor Sanchez
is he's in the hospital
weren't you looking for these we were
looking for justice research assistant
we were meeting with her oh you're
meeting pretty good yes okay well I will
I'll let her know that you're here
did you bring your hmm no okay so he
went oh he went back alright so she
takes you to Professor Sanchez's office
and briefly does he fight he doesn't
continue to follow us does he did Dimond
dose didn't come inside okay okay so
then as she says over I don't you know
right back right it's like he's
following us he was following you guys
he wasn't following us to the library he
followed
well then our hotels probably already
compromised yeah time to cancel third
hotel called it called it how about I go
for a late-night stroll and get another
so when shortly you're in the room and
in walks Trinidad reso mm-hmm she's
pretty she's lovely she's she's pretty
young she's pretty she speaks she
comes in and she starts speaking at very
fast Spanish and it quickly becomes
clear that none of you speak Spanish
just sort of waiting and she has no
English
she discúlpame and she you know again
starts speaking Spanish can I muddle
through it so there's a latin-based
language I know Latin if you make a hard
success on Latin I'll let you convey
some basic stuff yep so you start
speaking Latin and she just looks
confused
can we snag Jackson because he speaks
Spanish yeah he does we could also
connect he's four he's here I was just
say but before we try that can I just
ask her God what's his name Jesse
Jesse Jesse Jesse Hughes I was like oh
my god stop saying Jax lies Oh Jesse
Hughes professor Sanchez Oh professor
Sanchez our friend crosses herself I
mean what I know to be like mis amigos
yeah okay enough to say that to like you
know sheshe but she doesn't really you
know it's how she's been difficult okay
let's go with that let's go get Jackson
hey you know diamond owes us out there
yeah yeah that gets around don't
invite him in I don't think that what
doesn't work on ya word he's not a
vampire
does anybody have a cross no he's that
doesn't work I there yes but that
doesn't work why do you have not a
vampire I'm Catholic so my nose are use
these same doesn't believe in religion I
would have never pegged you for that all
right
so Trinidad reso is a resource and
research research assistant she has been
working on translating a book called hmm
here we go do you want it with a
sharpener the final confessions of
Gaspar Figueroa final and it's it's a
it's a you know she's been working on
she's translating it from he was a
conquistador and let's see it's from it
would be in Spanish though it is but
it's very old span okay and so she's
been translating it every enemy Spain
Spanish yeah and yeah and so she has
been worked like I said she's Marie on
translating it and she has found that it
makes references to to various artifacts
and that they have one of those
artifacts here and she says that she
says that yeah we have we have this
artifact here it is it's a golden stick
like allies like she said stick I don't
know like a staff
uh he asked her and she said sure okay
how about we have it how big you have it
here yes yeah we see it
uh yeah yeah come with me and so she
takes you into the basement down this
long creepy corridor with like doors on
each side we're like you know that one
likening me and I'm totally on edge the
whole time we're walking through this
and I'm like it smells like school and
she opens a box in the storeroom and she
pulls out a it's about two foot long
golden stave broken on both ends and
there are it looks like little offshoots
and inscribe inscriptions on it that
that don't look like any language any of
you recognize not even me
does it look anything like looking like
one of those games that were on the
pendant ooh did you have mine as because
because no mine and because I remember
that there were two staves on the
pendant it doesn't look like mine or
Aztec one of those fifteen century Incan
right yeah that would be that was the
the cup so the pig does look a little
bit like the markings that were on the
pendant interesting do I feel any
supernatural weird vibes from that yes
this this thing is like vibrating
there's like that that same feeling of
it's pretty intense and it feels it
feels protective it's warm but it's like
the warm of like you know a fire on a
cold day
you know the warm of just it's a
comfortable warm with my pattern
recognition skills can I tell that if it
looks like a pendant was that the
pre-colonial the yeah probably and it's
probably it's it's probably a similar
language to to what that was okay do I
get any other vibes off of besides its
protective warm
I kind of get like a safer feeling from
it no okay no that's and does the book
reference where this was found or
where this you know and not only that
where was the book found and then where
was the artifact yeah it does so this
this was so dust barfi gorilla was a
let's see if there's any so ironically
the HP Lovecraft Society version of it
mm-hmm it's in Spanish yes because more
likely than not you wouldn't find miss
Rizo alive but you guys have done things
in a different way and so she's still
alive interesting I'm well so I'm so I'm
gonna shorthand it since I have to worry
about translation because she's here
we don't speak Spanish I don't read it
so they were they were Gaspar Figueroa
was one of the conquistadors that came
over with Francisco Pizarro and they
very quickly and destroyed the Incan
Empire and it's a tale of 1541 they
started to find these these pyramids in
the mountains and they they traveled but
everybody make me a luck role if you all
generation consideration you got to do
it yep because you made she offhandedly
mentions the names that are referenced
in here of this party and it is Nando
Ruiz Diego ggarrido
luis de Mendoza I am Pedro de Velasco
slower slower slower please
there's one name on there yeah the only
one support is Louis Damon Damon Damon
does yo yes Dave Mann does it wait a
minute from 400 years ago not wise but
100 years ago uh-huh yeah he's a vampire
sounds like some kind of a creature or
under some kind of spell because he
doesn't follow the or in tradition you
named your son after your father or the
tiger etc he's so there's Luis de
Mendoza the 37th over 400 years though
that's a long time to keep a single name
going mm-hmm
this just so they were they were
exploring around Lake Titicaca and they
found they found a pyramid that was the
city they thought was out El Dorado they
thought it was the city of Salonika and
they took as soon as they took the first
piece of gold the earth opened up whoa
and something horrible was released and
was so happy and all the other men Ruiz
garrido de Mendoza and Valle de Velasco
they were all they all fell ill
immediately knew they were cursed um
Figueroa ran and fled he fled
immediately and he he like got lost in
the jungle and he was trying to get away
and he wrote this this this is his he
wrote hit this is his literally his
final confession because he knows he's
gonna die and the last bit of it is that
he's the men are hunting him the rest of
his conquistadors and he says they are
they are they are on their deathless and
interesting so yeah she's relating this
story to you and did it does she notice
you getting excited yeah she's a little
disquieted you're you're not hiding your
glee well it like bells under the table
in the ankle and you're scaring the
Normie
but she says according to according to
according to this confession this is the
piece but they took off of that pyramid
that was the first piece that opened up
the ground yes
is that the only one as far as I know
it's the only one we found have you
relayed what what do you feel off of the
piece not yet I didn't want to do it in
front of the norming huh she can't speak
English been crazy people and then the
translator weird vibes from the thing
but it's kind of safe and warm make a
that 16 yeah yeah yeah yeah somehow he
gets the message so I don't translate
this don't translate don't translate
this thought what you can translate is
ask her if she knows any lore about the
you know yeah the kiss of death or the
hunger the vent whatever these the cute
the curious vampire car series car serie
that's it so she yeah this I mean she
points to the confession you know that's
clearly referring to the Cara Siri but
but additional lore after the fact you
know so I'm sure this is like like
actual like details oh nice I mean so
I'm sure the tradition grew and things
right and so what else has been written
about so not a lot has been written
about the car Siri because like you know
just like not a lot has been written
about the boat you know there's no like
scientific study of how to kill the
boogeyman Tara there's no way to kill
the boogeyman now there's just the
boogeyman yeah and these are similar
blasters
but he but so that there there are
stories of you know the kiss of death
you know that that has been a euphemism
for the damnit like they find that there
are stories of the bodies they found of
what the car sir you have done and they
call it the kiss of death what did they
do that our Siri does the kiss of death
yes when they when they when they remove
the fat from the body when they eat
what's inside the body oh was all of
Sanchez's fat gone no no no there wasn't
enough time I mean there would have been
plenty of time he thought he was alone
yeah but there's his wife yeah she
wouldn't have been much of an impediment
I mean how long were you gone from the
time that you saw me 15 minutes yeah it
was probably like me half an hour about
25 to 30 minutes
yeah that's not enough time to eat all
of his fat on his body away you know
well it also gonna have a mendoza was
gone
mister fracks you know yeah de mendoza
was gone when you guys got got back
that's true we didn't startle him or
anything so he specifically went to
sanchez just to hurt him not to I also
so is he is is is there any lore about
how they make more of Lord self as well
I'm more interested in how and how they
make more at the moment because I'm
wondering if that's what he was doing
with Sanchez well so the the I mean
there is in the in the confessional he
does say that the the men did somehow
create more cara Seri he doesn't know
how but he does say they also fed and so
you know there there were more car seri
but there were also there were there
were people he saw bodies that the car
seri had fed on a theory okay the car
series of parasites and what it does is
it hangs out in a host make and and
kills the host or it keeps it kind of
half alive
while it's feeding off of it and kind of
animates it in this zombie-like fashion
this kind of mindless fashion that
explained 400 years of life sure I mean
they are deathless yeah absolutely as
long as they feed apparently man Star
Trek I just see us just if they weren't
going I'm going to get you for your
future I was like you can't barely see
that so so yeah she'll chill you know
answer she doesn't know like she
literally only knows what she translated
from this thing which is the first-hand
account and I will I'll post the
translated version so you guys will all
have the full oh thank you awesome
thanks and she's in the anthropology
department right so not that this has to
do with ancient or you know ancient
civilizations but we're traveling in
that neck of the woods is there any sort
of gift or anything that you know would
endear us to the local inhabitants there
Oh appropriate protocol yeah so JAXA
goes they like guns and they like liquor
I like them but Jackson says look I know
somebody when we get up to Pune oh okay
I've got to introduce you to Mara Mara
is is a quick trip Medicine Woman
no I want to meet ya what does her name
again may run there may that's so pretty
mayera she's not pretty I'm just gonna
well but the name does she like smokes
and liquor we bring her some problem
yeah yeah
he'll bring her some incense there's
some witchy stuff but yeah I know what
she was he was one of the people who
told me who warned me about her here in
mid-chest
okay and she knows a lot about the Cara
Seri okay so should be a good person
talk to her yeah okay so but alright so
are we leaving are we done with with I
think so actually I have a few more
how is it being kept and is it just
being displayed at points of the box
yeah yeah it's it's it's it in the
basement and just belongs in a museum
that's why I mind zipping up in a box
and a warehouse box awesome in is there
any associations with curses or
blessings or anything about this
particular stuff you can tell me well I
mean according to the story when they
pulled it off the when they yanked it
out that was when the pyramid ripped
open and so that but that's the only
ride away the shield in there there's no
other reference there interesting and
it's made of gold yes pure solid gold
yes pure solid cool well it must weigh a
lot hmm yeah it weighs it weighs about
25 pounds who checks online and checks
analyzed taken scrapings off of it
trying to get some pose he's trying to
shave a little into it is there is
there any markings that you have on a
map that would show where this
particular piece was found well I mean
underneath that the pyramid that they're
looking for okay yeah yeah this was out
do you know when this was found this was
found several hundred years ago I mean
it well no sorry this piece was about 20
years ago and a dig well we can rub it
to it I wouldn't touch it okay just to
be safe
no so you feel like when you touch it
you feel very oh did I already touch it
the ward oh okay yeah yeah because you
got the warm feeling cool okay Jim yet
to really get a vibes off things you
have to handle them I got it oh yeah you
know you don't have to tech magic yeah
we're gonna take a rubbing Andy people
do you mind if we take a rubbing of it
before we the inscription are though
does Dave Jackson goes we should take
this well yeah we should you asked for
it though you're her friend
with us Jackson makes a very good
persuade role okay good for him
and she's like he so he says I told her
it would help us help professor Sanchez
and she's agreed but we're gonna need to
make a donation okay
that is an interesting idea though take
it to Sanchez and have them touch it not
that I'm crazy and I don't believe in
that stuff I believe in medicine well
and and that but also if it goes back to
the place where it came from it may have
been the linchpin that unleashed a whole
lot of things if we can what it was
heavy you could we could beat Louise
over the head with it with the golden
rod yes yes we are yes make me a credit
reading role oh yeah critical all
right yeah yeah you you your your your
bank account doesn't even notice but yes
you make a healthy donation
you sign their forms that are signed
that say you're gonna bring it back sure
completely but if we bring it back we
can't close the so yeah you leave
how are you carrying 25 pounds of gold
in a three-foot staff out of the museum
down my pants my purse isn't that big
are you wearing pants as well sure but
this book I take off my trench coat so
you're gonna wrap it up in something
yeah and I take the gun out and put it
in my pocket all right I'll have that
whoever has the best disguise roll can
make a disguise roll I feel everyone
if you start feeling anything weird tell
me I will and I didn't make it can I
inspire that yes
back down to our usual to waste it I'm
sorry back down to our usual Chicano in
second Flint's
I'll never catch up okay so you you like
rap stuff around it but like it's a
three point later that you're walking
out of this place with a large sum of it
you know you're you're not you're not
concealing the fact that you are leaving
here with something that you did not
come here with I'm not gonna tell it to
troll is there a gift shop
there's that's not the worst idea though
and I mean gonna telogen troll and war
and and and take a look at them go
that's never gonna get out well you
don't need to make the role you can tell
you now have is a trench coat wrapped
around a three-foot rod of gold it is
perhaps maybe it's maybe less
conspicuous but it's clearly something
you know it's not like it's not like
it's not like you're just walking out
with you know nothing is there like a
back door a side door we can kind of
sneak out sure you want to try and speak
out of the place yeah yeah with the rod
I'll take Jesse alright we'll go out the
front door I'll sneak out with
Alexandria okay I just want to be next
time you're gonna take the rod though
cuz here hold on so who's gonna take the
rod guards Lewis was following you know
if it was the two of you that he was
following specifically if it was
38:38 I'm really yeah forty it was
thirty yeah honestly you two have the
highest self because I have thirty he's
following you yeah so even two of us but
you stand out here gorgeous
Thanks the problems with being gorgeous
how dare what about this do you want I
start looking around the museum is there
any boxes that are like you know ship it
to yourself yeah sure yeah yeah [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you
you could put in a box
but again there's no it's a mental issue
is that you're leaving with something
that you didn't come in with so what
happens if bells goes out gets a cab
takes off circles back picks you up at
the back door mmm then once you go out
the back door if he's not you know I
mean if he doesn't follow her out the
back door then the right then you go
with him and then the rest of us go out
the front door and so we go like this so
he has to go
oh she's following us no wait he's
following that right you mean I'm choose
yeah exactly and so not only that - if
you make it safely we give you another
five minutes and then we go out the
front door and then he's like Oh where'd
they go and once we're goes in and now
it's been ten minutes and he's way late
that's a creative you reach hotel are we
going to are you going to a hotel Maury
or Hotel Espana oh let's go to Maury
let's take yeah he has no idea why we
got that hotel I'm sure he knows split
personalities you don't know where he
stays where he lives
I imagine he would be close to the
monarch in that yeah I mean I think
that's a safe assumption but you know
but it's never been explicit like Larkin
would tell you like oh I'm in room 327
Hotel Europa and just you know knocks
shave and a haircut let's go yeah that's
gonna say how you like anything that we
could do it's like rock paper around it
just treat like a Walkingstick could be
a heavy as hell walking stick with an
artifact ya know I mean we need to get
it out the door no but but 25-pound
walking stick
$25 isn't that heavy and it's only three
feet so it's only so it's my walking
stick
actually established Alexandria's but
anyway oh no I was just gonna make a
comment about but Belle's getting on my
shoulders we who cares just walk out
with the stick out the back door nobody
cares because we're in a trenchcoat
create a distraction that's perfect so
you'll be doing a marionette you split
up and you force him force Hale if there
is a tail to make a choice I made a roll
so who did the witch which group did the
red door I'm taking the I'm getting the
cab and circling around bells bells and
I are going after backdoor she's if
she's getting the cab start playing
around and get a game all right so yeah
you get back to the hotel are you both
you're both thinking like a different
route to the hotel yeah I'm just telling
driver to just go wherever sure Oh
professor can I borrow money for the cab
please sure no problem
thank you decent credit rating it's not
do we do ice hang on a second do I see
if you followed us like 20 it's terrible
go find that it'll make it it's 50 so I
have a 63 so you don't see anybody
tailing you okay you don't see it's
great all right so there's a chance that
he followed the other there's chance he
called the other one well there's a
chance he went home or you know he's on
foot you're in cars yeah you know who
knows there's there's a lot of stuff
that could happen all right so is there
anything else happening this afternoon
not necessarily since did we actually
get the mountain here ordered from
Larkin do your shopping you kids we now
know we now know about it now a 25-pound
Golden State no I feel like we should
take turns watching over it and like
come offers to what he'll watch guys go
shop I don't think different Slayers
I will actually stab your foot with a
with a dagger and it just appears to be
because I'm dead
[Laughter]
I'm gonna stay with him do we want to
take it do we want to take the rod
actually to Sanchez and see if it does
anything like maybe kind of tempted to
see if I don't for conversation with the
doctor yeah are we going to defend it I
don't have a conversation with the
doctor and I don't want to transport it
to him this is true because the more
that it's out in the other stowage
before we go shopping then how are we
gonna transport it with us and not let
hide it amongst the gear Mendoza put it
put it put and put it in with the tent
poles okay yeah you getting it on the
truck once you have a bunch of stuff
okay much less of a problem and we
walked into a museum with nothing and
we're now I bought a poster in the gift
shop that's what I was thinking I
honestly put it in a poster thing yes in
1921 okay so I think we're gonna end
this session there it's nine-thirty
my husband and I'm not being shot yeah
you do cliffhangers every time they
start to get all you got you got about
it in there so we'll pick up next time
next week from starting the evening in
Peru it'll be two days before you are
heading on the expedition is supposed to
leave we've been invited to Larkins
place for dinner if not we're I'm
invited ourselves uh
as always thank you guys so much for for
all your inspiration for your likes for
your comments who do you think who has
the best chance of surviving Peru let us
know in the comments who is the cheese
come on the player characters do you
think is the best option for survival
here
my money's on Belle's spirit let me know
how my thomas impersonation was that's
great right there we haven't blown
anything up yet but pretty close
you get me if you tell him you wanted to
buy dynamite he's on board actually I do
would want to get dynamite as well was I
shot T not really about 20 grand ago
that was amazing o-negs would be a
little harder to get but we can talk
about it but so we'll have that to
inspiration when we start the next time
I call them Bo and that's gonna do it
thanks everybody good night nice thank
you
