Kind: captions
Language: en
[Music]
yes welcome hello internet friends
welcome to quests and chaos plays
probably at some point massive gnarley'
though tip we are super excited that you
joined us thanks so much for subscribing
for liking for commenting we have a
little hopped up on chocolate tiana
brought a great big heart full of
chocolate legitimately hard polar bears
there's nothing like discount chocolate
day exactly I don't subscribe to the
candy hard day but damn it I will go and
buy that half-price chocolate and I was
absconded and at the BART station and
you know had to buy Girl Scout cookies
so we are well well sugar so we're gonna
dive in shortly a couple quick
announcements the book of inspiration is
a new thing for any of you new viewers
we're doing we're at the end of the
night we take any excess inspiration
over I think four is the threshold sure
she says looking if the producer
anything over four goes down this little
book that is probably off camera and
there's like three in there now and if
it reaches a number that I'm sure other
people know that I don't remember 2020
okay twenty we do a giveaway we do a
cool a cool giveaway of something and
yay for that the other announcement we
we all many of us were at Dunder Con
this last weekend and it was so great to
see a bunch of you at our panel question
chaos had an we had a great time sort of
giving people a look at the behind the
scenes of how we do things and sort of
helping helping folks who want to do
this dive in question cows is going to
be it pretty much all of your local the
local gaming conventions here in the Bay
Area so come by say hi tell me how much
thinner I look in person that's always
nice we appreciate it
thanks so much okay so first off my
okay pay no attention to the man behind
you in the window so if we get seven
more subscribers I just I had this it's
coming to me something if we have seven
more followers we're gonna give away a
mug yep we're gonna give away a mug not
just any mug we're gonna give away that
mug right there it has been blessed by
Rebecca yeah what we've got inspiration
to start with his shows to give away the
mug on his show we had two inspiration
from last episode that I called beau and
now we have three more inspiration that
I'll just call Williams oh there we go
yep I'll eight forward to Amy blowing
through all of those if you're going
through his names it would be Christian
next I well you know is he giving oh he
goes my this is a non-denominational
podcast that what you call Rose would
buy into the name smells sweet I don't
know does poetry work like songs where
if we use too much of a pollinated sood
I don't know so sigh unfortunately
couldn't make it today she's feeling
under the weather get better sigh we all
miss you and miss you it's more fun when
we have weird psychic Tarot lady
summoning undead pirates around so we
look forward to her coming back so last
session we as a recap we had several
instances of all heck breaking loose
we had an attempted worming which
actually was a was a legit were me yeah
it was a pretty successful worming it
was swarming with the dangerous weapon
and then it was removed later on we also
had the very the first npc I've ever had
hit on
very exciting nimma CEO that's nemecio
sanchez Prof yeah hot Prof and
so the players started out meeting they
went to the library and they were told
they should probably go to the museum
and they meant Prof sanchez who
didn't really trust them because they
were part of the Larkin expedition
little did they know that super
trustworthy friend of everybody Jackson
Elias already knew Prof Sanchez not
Jackson Elias which became problematic
and a little bit later the so they went
to meet with Larkin de Mendoza and Jesse
Hughes Aimee Emma had a little trouble
remembering that any Jackson was now
Jesse and that made de Mendoza notice
that they knew each other and so de
Mendoza excused himself and went off
they turned out to because untied it
turned out to Prof Sanchez's house
where he did awful things to Prof
Sanchez which lady Jezebel watched and
then ran 15 minutes to to get the muscle
of the party the opera singer to come
back by that time de Mendoza was gone
and Prof Sanchez had a worm in his
stomach which you took to the hot took
him to the hospital where a very
suspicious doctor did not really know
what was going on and did not trust any
of you and Sanchez is now laying in the
hospital after going through abdominal
surgery worming miss deworming and she's
like small intestine being yes there was
there was removing of stuff it was he'll
be in the hospital for awhile and that's
when Jackson Elias told you that he was
actually setting up a meeting with
Prof Sanchez for the next day that
meeting did not go forward but you did
meet Prof Sanchez's lab assistant
Trinidad Rizzo and she had been working
on translating a document that was
called the the final confession of
Gaspar Figueroa and in that document
he it was the the first person account
it was a diary of a conquistador from
1543 named Gaspar Figueroa and he'd come
over to Peru with Francisco Pizarro
and they had they some of he and a few
other people had set out on their own to
make their fortunes and they found this
pyramid he one of his one of his
compatriots was mysteriously named Louis
de Mendoza mmm-hmm
they so they traveled they found this
pyramid and it had a a maze-like
structure of underground tunnels I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna read from this
very briefly here the walls of the
tunnel were inlaid with intricate gold
carvings the men pried out a large
section of the gold exhausting
themselves in the attempt that night as
they rested an evil sickness befell
Figaro as companions in the morning
light they looked gaunt and deathlike
complaining of agonizing hunger they
pursued Figueroa de Mendoza caught up
with him and started to devour him like
a human leech oh my god it's a very bad
dangling participle because it you know
is he devouring him like a leech
Figueroa shot his friend in the head and
fled pausing only to snatch up as much
of the gold as he could carry Figueroa
eventually arrived back in Lima hoping
to get passage home but he was too
weakened by his ordeal he describes
himself as wasted little more than a
walking corpse and the a postscript
written by the priest who performed the
last rites states that Figaro had died
today after completing his final
confessions his last words were in
treaty to whatever gods were listening
to forgive him his blasphemies so you
have gold pimp stick yes who you manage
to manage to smuggle out now you managed
to smuggle out a three foot long 25
pound any masterful you're amazing
you're sneaky plan de Mendoza was had
followed you when you split up and you
avoided
de Mendoza and it resembles the staves
that were on a pendant that that older
it resembles the older piece that Larkin
had yes the the piece that was probably
more authentic the other one was more
from the 1540s just to reintroduce a few
elements that
when you find Prof Riso 
turning out Risos notes they're actually
written on a notebook page and it's all
in Spanish so last week when I was
vamping and sort of not telling the
story completely it's because I'm not
really that good at on-the-fly Spanish
translation so I was like picking out
the words I knew and the stories I
remembered it so that's why I wanted to
go over the exact story just to make
sure we hit some things we have a few
recurring characters on these character
links here Augustus Larkin who I believe
we're gonna start this session out with
you paying a visit to Luis de Mendoza
who no bet who no doubt will be along
for the ride we can't get rid of him
I'll just put Prof Sanchez over
here Prof yeah yeah yeah and
Trinidad
I think her part in our story is done as
well okay all the hot ones were leaving
zoos now not the weird ones so when we
did last session Rose you
Ami's Amy's exact quote was Larkin is
inviting us over for dinner or we're
inviting ourselves so so you are
inviting yourselves because Larkin has
said nothing sorry you know he's at the
hotel Europa
just the nicest hotel in Lima you you
don't know his room yeah sure you know
his room what the heck I was talking the
whole yeah Larkin is Larkin is not
there's nothing hidden about Larkins
life so it's about you know we'll say
it's heading towards the evening if you
wanna lady Jezebel gives her apologies
she's not feeling well she's gonna go
back to the hotel and have a lie down
and the cards tell her that it is
probably not that seeing Larkin is not
something she wants to do so she's going
to skip out
all right well be safe we do we do have
someone close in our tail I just ran 15
I just ran 15 minutes I my cardio is
excellent should we leave the stick with
her oh yeah she's actually that's right
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's a show watch and it's funny
because I was very into making sure that
Jackson Elias was not alone with the was
not alone with the golden chunk they're
looking rod the golden rod there we go
excellent golden rod
okay so Jackson will go with you to the
hotel europa and you go and you knock on
Larkins door de Mendoza Oh answers de
Mendoza like opens the door like this
much and he looks out and he's oh you
know we should probably mention also
that de Mendoza paid you a private visit
in your room and threatened you if you
if you did anything to hurt this
expedition like he was it was clear that
the expedition is what he cared about
yes so de Mendoza opens the door just
enough to like put his face out what do
you want we were here to see if Larkin
would like to join us with Larkin sleeps
at this hour okay I'll look at you for a
moment I so I push on the door can all
make us you could all make a spot hidden
role I had a hard success right you know
no no I make it but it's not hard six
okay so you make it you you here
Larkin sort of Mon in the background I'm
just like slide my foot up yeah Tim Tim
Tim keep the door and you pushed on the
door so you lean on the door I'm just
kind of like a Mendoza is very strong
like you you just sort of you try and
push it open and there's no give in the
door and I'm like Prof profess
Prof would you like to come to
dinner with us are you ok Prof
could we bring you something you sound
famished
Mendoza what's going on Prof
Larkin sleeps that doesn't sound like
sleep is he all right should we fetch a
wait he slams the door I managed to get
my foot out of the way you have a broken
foot - about about a minute later the
door opens de Mendoza's hand reaches out
and in it is a syringe and a bottle and
it is clear you don't need to make a
roll or anything Larkin has Larkin is
self-medicating with heroin ok that hmm
he's not hungry technically is legal
yeah in the 1920s I mean it was a very
homeless thing to do isn't yeah yeah so
he just holds it out and he says Larkin
sleeps ok ok well I'm not gonna pass up
a good dinner on somebody else's go
downstairs yes and let's catch up with
him later fully like 6 or 8 hours from
now
it'll take like four in the morning they
don't be tweaking all right David dozin
will takes his hand back slams the door
okay well so I'm just gonna shout if you
know what you are like give Jackson a
chance to make that roll
oh boy nope nope
vampires so what other weird weird side
effect of going to gender con is that
many of us are playing with new dice so
who knows what's gonna go on with the
rolls tonight I have cool metal ones
that I got mmm I can't find my cool ones
well there you go so yeah you go down
you have a nice dinner pisco sours all
around mmm you know and Elias just like
so are we you know where we we're still
going to the pyramid right we've got a
yeah I've got to close whatever this is
yes yes we have to all right I have a
question
uh-huh how do we deal with the vampires
okay first first step about it here
first off second off took home vampires
to their faces second oh wait third
resis no just to their fancy to saying
that it was never mind there's not more
than one there's just one actually
there's just zero yes I I thought you
were of above the belief that vampires
don't exist they don't but according to
Jackson I'm sorry Jesse Hughes yes well
according to Jesse Hughes everything
exists yeah
oh there's I've seen some things in my
time that vampires come on exactly the
hand of glory well we all saw that well
I didn't see it it's not kids out that
candle and a dude with a gun and I got
you on with a gun
dude de Mendoza I look at vomited a worm
in two Prof Sanchez's stomach see
that that's how those and word
or nods for now oh yeah they were but
again what are you about to talk about
her natural worms are worms fine
uncooked chicken what she fed a worm
like you're a baby bird is not that and
dinner yet is eating my question Elias
is eating some sort of like fish tartare
thing it's like this fish do with like
squid tennis stuff I'm really hungry
of course the chaos is a tentacle
problem the others around again should
we be talking about this kind of thing
up here you can make a spot hitting room
how many people do you think speak
English around here well here there
there's more but I mean and at this
hotel anymore yeah this is the expat
hotel I just made this one hidden row
okay it appears like nobody cares
good it appears like you know dinner
there's like noise the the dining room
slash bar is full we're not exactly
speaking loud blowing other than other
than Jackson yeah yes well Jackson and
his wives he can't help but say the word
vampires like three times louder than he
says anything else Hughes if you do not
keep your voice down when discussing
these sorts of matters I will personally
gag you ignore Pico you threatened me I
pushed the butcher you deserve it a lot
Hughes
I pushed the picture too Hughes okay so
Hughes I have a question yeah does
Mendoza share a room with Larkin do you
know this I think he's got his own room
okay hmm so what was he doing in Larkins
room helping watches he's The Bodyguard
he's taking heroin more finger whatever
he's taking he's gonna be out at least 8
to 12 times mm-hmm I'm also feeling kind
of troublesome not that I well not that
I can do anything about it but not that
I can do this but I feel like we should
sneak into Larkins room it feels like a
you'll be looking for I don't know it
depends on what time if if if de Mendoza
has gone back to his own room mm-hmm it
wouldn't be nearly as risking I think we
should investigate when it's little less
obvious we'll have plenty of time to do
that on the trip there that's fair and
we will be in or day travel and we will
be intense well at while we're unless
it'll be easier to break into stuff I
mean you can all make it intelligent
roll this wall you can all make an
intelligence roll nope you should use
inspiration so I made a Mendoza's in
Morgan's room you know you know Damon
don't
that's fair I'm sure somebody here has a
way of opening doors why are you looking
at me I don't have to look to know
you're looking at me I'm just wondering
should I wait here at the bar run
interference in the hallway or something
Oh so are you having your oven dinner in
the hotel europa okay all right yeah in
the fancy hotel sure because I know you
I don't know of me in my library scale
really need to go there I mean you
figure if if Damon does is not in the
room stealth is not you know stealth is
not gonna be useful mmm still it's not
gonna matter anyway
in this regard okay no but camouflage
might hiding might be a good yeah like a
maid or laundry service something like
that no costumes you first Jackson
mm-hmm I'm not gonna dress like a
male waiter like room service it's a
luxury huh all right where are we gonna
get these uniforms from the laundry yes
I would have to get down to the laundry
and those tend to be busy look here's
what we do we'd be in the hallway
outside Larkins room wait until like ten
eleven and if de Mendoza hasn't gone
back to his room we go in that way it's
quiet
people aren't walking up and down the
hallway might be empty
I checked am I going in how much - Damon
knows his room yeah yeah or
alternatively if de Mendoza goes back to
his room we go in markings room he'll be
out for a long time long time but and I
bet you they'll so I bet you they'll
bring drinks up to us man this feeling
that he's not gonna leave Larkin
unconscious well then we can search his
room exactly but we do need to have
somebody keeping it out look out and if
we are spotted trying to drink what's
our what's our code word Great Dane yeah
Vatican Vatican camions yeah no no
cheesecake cheesecake banana is on is on
chaos that's our secret cheesecake
that's our code word for everything when
it when it might be dangerous just
banana Remmy started it we do it in his
voice
all right well sounds like a plan what's
the word cheesecake all right so it's
not a big hotel you're on the third
floor there's two floors of rooms mm-hmm
Larkin is Larkin and de Mendoza have
don't rooms next to each other okay and
so have to be quiet
Jackson volunteers to keep watch oh gods
and he will when you go up there it's
probably like 8:30 well by the time you
get up there maybe 9 depending on how
much you enjoyed dinner and everybody
everybody make me a Khan check let's see
how much you enjoy dinner here oh no
cool
I did not how bad it would you roll I
rolled a 58 over a 35 okay so you're a
little tipsy could I use inspiration on
that actually mm-hmm I'm fine with that
yeah I mean I mean it's up to you guys I
don't know or should we just I don't
want to get caught though currently all
right so it just takes like pick a lock
that I'd see yeah what
why not alright old favor yeah yeah do
it I'm always more cautious about you as
an inspiration I'm Cthulhu let's start
the aah damn it
Oh just about the same number now on to
stick those on three wouldn't I
oh yeah you're on three yeah thank you
meanwhile my dice hard success Wow I
need to brought your dad need to use the
brown ones more authentically okay so
you're a little tipsy
alright I mean not anything that you
know but you've got a you got a buzz
going you're feeling no pain so 9:00
p.m. so Elias goes he's like hang back
and he goes up to Minda to Larkins room
and he bangs on the door and very
quickly the door opens that same crack
and de Mendoza you you can you hear de
Mendoza say Larkin sleeps and he was
like oh okay I just wanted to make see
if you wanted any food and de Mendoza
just slams the door because that he's
still in there okay yes we heard you
guys go do that I'll watch all right
let's do this if anything's happening
cheesecake I'm gonna do this on the door
okay not that's - I mean okay that was
good - you could Jackson could lead you
down a five-minute jajan of like
emergency knocks it would not be place
going to bird calls next all right so
you're gonna make a locksmith role yeah
I might have the base of smithing where
I might have the inspirations gonna be
really useful because I you can I mean
what you got yeah no oh all right so
what how bad you miss all right so my my
log Smith is 10 because I actually sang
some points into it and I rolled a 25
okay so make your let's see your role so
you're gonna open the door this is just
seeing how long it's gonna take all
right what do you roll 69 all right but
no critical failure 59 huh all right
yeah so
so if it's full of your old boy what do
you want so this takes uncomfortably
long hmm not helping is Jackson Elias
clean
so yeah you're you're at that door for
an uncomfortable amount of time but you
didn't fumble so nothing happens you you
hear the click and you are in it's a
it's a it's a small one bed hotel room
of particular note the bed does not look
sleep tin slept in home
don't tell Jackson that it hasn't been
slept just reinforce the hole he just
sleeps in a coffin someplace I do but
sadly there is no coffin and even more
putting the lie to the vampire thing
there is a very large golden mirror oh
my which is on the desk
it looks like a does it look like a
plate mirror and like I don't understand
the golden mirror is the outside gold or
is the mirror itself gold reflective it
is I'm gonna get the exact description
here I should have had a good picture
for it it looks it looks like we're not
doing the PowerPoint so I'm getting
announcements it looks like chocolate
thank you take several breaks go to the
girls count cookies we have a thousand
bits of to inspiration Serpentor thanks
you still don't get it
this I command thank you thank you much
even much appreciated because I just
wasted a couple so it looks it almost
looks like a mask with like a mirror
finish it's like a golden mask with a
mirror finish to it roll credits
mm-hmm and it is blocky and geometric
and it looks sort of like it you know it
seems
ancient okay hmm and not that I know
anything but like I want to first off
how heavy is it like I want to touch it
is there stuff is there so it's about
it's about six inches square okay so you
know like that got it and it's solid
gold okay so it's heavy okay and there's
there's nothing edged into it no
patterns or designs are you going to
examine the mass of course I am cuz I
don't injure asleep yet how do well it's
gonna be good cuz the highest twenty and
the little numbers 26 so actually I do
make a hard success not so hard success
that's died said burn okay so all of the
sudden I'm gonna first deal with what
you see mm-hmm Emma picks up this map I
go oh should I put this on my face I'm
thinking it but I know not that bad but
she she holds it kind of like this
looking at it and so it's in her hand
and all of a sudden her eyes roll back
up into her head
oh and there's this will be about 10
seconds of your time okay
that she just right so you have a series
of visions is the best way to describe
just things to go boom oh no oh no
that's benevolent you the first one is
an ancient pyramid okay Mona on a
plateau and it it breaks apart the
pyramid like cracks open like an egg and
a greasy white tendrils come out of it
oh the tendrils look disturbingly
like a worm that you have somewhat seen
recently yeah okay but it's clearly from
the Almanac of worms I find I can find
yeah the may education an origination
the second one is a small man huddled in
a corner of a dingy room painting and
you would swear that the painting is
moving as he's painting it
and is that does it look modern - yes
this works yeah this oxygen it looks
yeah the there's like you know the the
architecture and things like that
definitely look current.next you are
looking at a train window and you see
how traveled are you in non-european
countries is that at all
okay so you you you are in a train
looking out on maybe it's desert maybe
it's some sort of it's some sort of
desert eat well tea sort of terrain and
there is the strong smell of smoke and
then you hear screams the next vision is
possibly the most disturbing there you
see how you're like flying over a
mountain and on that mountain that
mountain is teeming you know how when
you see when you when you're walking up
to something that's covered with ants
yeah and you it takes you a minute to
realize that hey wait a minute this is
covered in ants oh and I see that tiny
bit of motion that you see that motion
but it's people thousands of people on a
mountain men women every race performing
bloody and orgiastic rights so they are
there is like violence and weird stuff
and gross and it's not great at all and
then you see your own hand very
recognizably your own hand reaching out
and touching a large red rock that you
feel is warm to the touch
and as you touch it everything like
everything is super brightly lit X and
then next to the rock is a black pit
that descends into the earth and the
last vision we're gonna end on an
outline the Sun goes black and tentacles
of darkness spread across the sky
so that's gonna be a sanity check for
six actually nine I'm fine everything's
fine
oh you okay yeah so you made it you
still lose a d3 whoo nd free a d6 role
is 6 and divide it by 2
I should have a d3 what Wow look like I
don't know it's a it's a 6 with 133 on
it lose 3 points of sanity yeah although
there's also these weird D 12s that are
D threes
yeah that's this yeah so you lose 3
points of sanity is what you rolled
right yeah ok
and you got a hard success right yep
alright so cuz I need more visions so
clearly clearly the visions have ended
like you are now conscious and you swear
that the mask the visions are done
you're now consciously wear them the
mask says to you listen to Larkin okay I
look around like doesn't what so like I
said that was 10 seconds of her time her
eyes rolled up into her head the mask
likes to like rigidly stays there and
then she comes to like reach out I was
afraid to touch her but I go to catch
her because if she's doing that she
could black she's I'm gonna sit down on
drop the mask to you star you holding on
no it's still I'm just gonna like if the
bed is right behind me really I'm just
gonna sit down okay was it like on your
lap yeah cuz I was holding it like this
I'm just gonna put it either whatever
hand dominantly grabs it just you made
the sand roll so you don't make you
don't like cry out or anything no mmm
but I'm definitely feeling woozy like I
want to I want to throw up I need to sit
down and I'm just gonna like crouch down
next to em and act like alone all right
and grab the mask I don't feel so good
what happened I just
it's I'm sweaty I'm hot like this I just
like I blacked out everything was black
it just I saw these like tentacle type
things it must just be my eyes like you
know how sometimes
when you get dizzy and you kind of see
weird colors and shapes and things it
was kind of and your eyes rolled back in
your head well that was cooled you get a
picture bringing in the large camera
would be rather difficult this time of
night yeah I'm done I want to go home
now you look like you were but you were
having a seizure or something similar
that's Gary yes can you describe him
anything else can you come like we all
probably take notes of what you saw I
saw the worms surprise surprise well I
don't know and so I regaled them with
like I saw the pyramid and there was a
worm with it
and then four so yeah but just be clear
it wasn't a worm these were like huge
yeah there was a size of the pyramid
like you know I mean kind of like big
worm tentacles coming out I saw this guy
painting I saw the desert it was just it
was bizarre it was just disgusting and
that's about as far as I go I don't
really need to
she's clearly disturbed yeah by what
she's seen and like a you know is not
not feeling great and I hate to push you
but if you can remember anything else
from the experience as you are waking up
and if you had all the reason why I
asked because if I nobody should touch
that without a glow on because it's
probably a cursed item are you taking
the mask when you leave I'm not I don't
want to let Damon doesn't know because
this is his room yeah and so you're
gonna like try it you're gonna put it
back where it was
that's close to exactly where it was as
possible he's a very astute man I'm sure
he'll notice if it's move so much as a
hair okay okay okay in the car and your
and your you guys are leaving then
unless you guys want to look for other
stuff go search the room anymore
have a look around the room and see if
there's anything else interesting that
snut jumps out there is like there is
literally nothing in this room in fact
there's not even changes of clothes hmm
you don't feel like anybody lives in
here so it's just a place to store the
the golden mask and that's it I mean
it's a golden masks room the mirror
wasn't in there as well well that the
mirror was the mask the mask has a
mirror finish to it interesting so it
looks like a mirror but it gets flashing
yeah that way okay when you walked in it
like on the way it looked like a mirror
sitting on the table as you got closer
you saw that it doesn't look all right
do we need anything else here we should
probably go before he comes back
definitely everybody make a luck roll
okay here we go
I'm gonna spend that more judiciously
going forward Oh 92 yes I got a critical
success all right so the crib so you
didn't fumble so the critical success
and your role will will cover it as you
are walking like you get to Jesse to
Jackson and you're gonna head to the
stairway and you hear de Mendoza like
stock out of the room and go to his room
and I made sure to lock the door on our
way out yeah no problem no problem you
made a you got a hard success on that so
you're getting critical if it's a
critical skill yeah then yeah you and
you you are sure that the mask is back
exactly how it was yeah good so Jackson
is like we could wait and see if de
Mendoza stays in his room we could go in
Larkins room you don't look so calming
you drink something captain you probably
should get some food I just ate would
you what was in the room nothing wait I
shouldn't tell you this I'm like nothing
ha it was weird actually there was
literally hardly anything in the room at
all no no Teddy cuz I changed the
clothing he's a man asleep mm-hmm there
we go hi that's why I didn't want to I
did you say it I think I didn't say that
he was can we wait until we're not in an
echoing stairwell to have this
conversation thank you
cheesecake's that way if it quacks like
a vampire if it walks like a vampire
vampires quack you also can see in the
mirror
yes we need a large mirror yes exactly
hey wait deeds do you have a compact
always yes can I borrow it
no damn alright but I've got an idea
it has it has it has interesting uses
for me and I don't want you touching it
what's your idea I'm gonna use the
compact to see if de Mendoza has a
reflection okay so if you guys want to
go check out kind if Ethan even if he
alright that takes Jessie Jackson here -
Jabar it's not centered don't don't most
hotel mozzies don't most hotel lobbies
and bars have like large mirrors behind
em that you would be have in front of it
did we had noticed healthy flexion oh
yeah yeah we saw his reflection occur
ooh version he's the boogeyman
which means he's reflection is gonna be
there different rules it's not actually
about run the other side of the Equator
it's everything's backwards are you
going to trust us watching you're saying
I should not bring all that garlic I
thought no not unless you're gonna make
pasta sauce to cover us that'd be great
ooh I love garlic mmm-hmm that was all I
spent a lot of money on that garlic then
bring it along for cooking huh all right
yeah actually it'll be good for any big
insects we might encounter Wilbur if
we're swagging through the woods ient
worms if we're sweating enough respect
for spend enough garlic mosquitoes won't
come near us and then we'll get less
malaria that's true well we're going up
in the mountains malaria won't be the
worry hmm bye jackets that's my advice
to you by jackets blankets yeah yeah
you've got it you've got a good
equipment all right so you're heading
back to your Haute
are you heading back to your hotel or
are you are you gonna try and go into
Larkins room if you guys want to go I'll
go to the bar with this one over here
well he's like but I gotta watch out
okay so that if de Mendoza's coming back
I guess I said all I meant what do you
think I think that we need to figure out
what you saw
I think any information for you lose it
because it's because she wants to lose
it I know you want to lose it no it's
just the fact that I don't think you're
gonna be able to figure it out I mean it
was just it was all weird flashes I saw
like pick up the thing yourself yeah
exactly
I saw a pre-christian you know murder
Spanish came and liberated the people I
heard the quotation marks clanging
around the world liberate when you when
you say that make a wake and education
roll oh I am NOT hot on that mister by
five go all right that's still trailer
closed so not all of those images mm-hmm
I mean clearly not all of those images
were ancient or Peru via you know like
that that weird desert felt that was not
Peru so so the man of the painting
wasn't perfect yeah what you were seeing
was not just her stuff it was connected
with what's going on right now but for
me I feel like that stuff I would glows
Oh cuz it's like yeah this has no free
reference yeah a desert no train is kind
of weird to be like right what is
happening versus like I saw people
killing each other in like mass death
ceremonies on a mountain with blood and
lots of human sacrifice it was just
disgusting it's a it would be worse than
what you would read about in any history
book like to me that's like that and the
big the big worms in the sky that's the
big things and you might hold the rest
out of your memory later yeah becomes
important yeah if I see it again but
that stuff is the mundane compare to
that okay I just just wanted to I
understand when someone has visions if
you don't write it down when it first
happens you can lose mm-hmm she's hoping
yeah I understand you was a little bench
I don't
Norfolk for you but I've kind of dealt
with this kind of thing before so I just
wanted to catch it before it slipped
away if it makes any sense
yeah yes
the Egyptians were weird let's just say
Louis's an intrical the Egyptians were
weird we apologize to our Egyptian like
these arrogant individuals where we've
liberated them alright so who's going
into Larkins room that do we want to go
into Larkins room
it's I I feel like the more information
that we have the better and there was
almost nothing in his and bringing him
tea because he's gonna have one heck of
a hangover well I mean probably is you
can make a medicine roll to think about
the effects of heroin yeah and not only
that how much did he take right
like how oh no no no so are you like
Hagar he's gonna be out for a while you
know yeah I don't know how long he's
gonna be out for but we can have tea
there of Dame de Mendoza de Mendoza
ft Mendoza comes back empty Jackson says
that if de Mendoza starts coming he's
gonna like stall him in the hallway and
talk really loud so that hopefully
you'll hear him yes but the trouble is
that the two rooms are right next to
each other getting that would require a
window yeah yeah I forgot to ask that
what floor is this are we're on the
third floor this is the top floor the
rope no but there's a Balki that's nice
are there any balcony there's a balcony
to Larkin has the nicest room in the
place okay all right I do think that we
need to have a look into Larkins room
okay make me a locksmith role if you
guys want to double-team it again okay
yeah I know
no any critical failures there no nice
alright 191 all right so 67 so this
takes yeah this is like and the the SIA
and like you know everyone's acutely
aware of like sweat drink you know
there's a if you keep looking at de
Mendoza's door waiting for that handle
to turn downstairs Emma's drinking her
second glass of wine yeah you know but
you finally hear that click mm-hmm and
you are in Larkins room the first thing
as the door open
fully the room is uncomfortably warm and
smells like death there's just a horror
so there's a weird combination of too
much cologne and the stench of death in
the room it's just a terrible terrible
smell this smell never comes out of your
clothes
but you you really need you want to get
inside fast and close the door yes you
know soon you're not in the hallway so
you you slide in the rooms a mess mm-hmm
and Larkin lives on as well there is
it's it's only even though it's the
nicest room in the hotel there's
essentially a sort of front area that
has like a couch and a desk like that
sort of thing and then there's a back
area that's at 8:00 that's a bed a
dresser and then there's an attached
bathroom Larkin is lying on the bed
comatose just out he is wearing a loose
nightshirt and it looks like he has some
sort of tattoo can we have a look at the
tattoo it will involve you know some
removal of his nightshirt candle sir a
candle or a purse sure the room is well
lit yeah there's oil lamps around all
right what what role do we need in order
to like nothing so you peel his shirt
down a little and there is it looks like
a tattoo of some sort of it's like a
reverse open triangle like this and
coming out of it is that like a swirl
and it it starts down here and goes all
the way up mm-hmm
so like the open mouth is at his belly
button and the swirling tongue or
whatever is goes all the way up to his
chest
um he is he is he's comatose like I said
he's he's gaunt like he's clearly lost
some weight like rim shot and you can
both make a first aid role since you
have moved to examination no okay
everything's fine yeah so so he is he's
comatose there's other than I mean you
can search his room there is I mean what
do you want to do but he is like
breathing we can we can check his heart
oh yeah yeah he's not he's not dead or
anything like that do we see any like
track marks oh yeah okay oh yeah he is
he and like like more traffic I mean not
that you know any heroin fiends but more
track marks than you're really
comfortable with he is clearly
medicating and whatever is happening
that's my darling no that's true all
right and and again so it becomes clear
that the smell is emanating from Larkin
hmm like his his odor is just like that
is not body odor that is you know like
rock yeah and you find you find his
bottle of heroin right by the table it
is from a space from a pharmacy in Lima
I'd like to have a look around to see if
he has any papers or anything discussing
the expedition itself okay
the only thing you find is a receipt for
the trucks there is nothing there's no
like scholarly works there's no Maps
there's no there's no no library books
no no you know there's nothing other
than the the trucks the the receipt for
the three trucks and they're just
standard trucks yeah yeah trucks and
drivers he has hired three of them
mm-hmm is there anything that you want
to look for you the good news is this
place is a mess you could case it and
they probably what you notice usually
I'll just leave this here I'm looking
for any books or journals or maps or
anything like there is so like it's it's
it's actually surprising the lack of any
sort of anything in this room that isn't
clothes or personal effects is there a
trunk or some kinda yeah his trunk is
his trunk is all closed and he you know
he's one of those people who dresses by
like flinging everything out and they're
you but both you can make a spot hidden
role this would be something that you
probably would be looking for critical
success all right none of this stuff is
de Mendoza's sol de Mendoza is not
staying in this room all right and do
all of the clothes look too big for like
yes yeah these all all these clothes
predate whatever happened to him hmm
interesting that he hasn't had a new
wardrobe since then Hey well since
whatever happened Prof at the
University was having a hard time
funding it so maybe both of you make me
a listen roll let me know if you get a
harder better success success success
but not a hard success okay everything's
fine
for my heart she's cool all right we
should go is there anything else that we
need in here when you say we should go
you here Jackson Elias going can I get
you some cheesecake de Mendoza window
okay so you are now standing on the
balcony all right that the door is
locked before I go there it's the the
balcony door is very flimsy no I mean oh
okay main door mom you here you here
Jackson Elias go no no I think she
called let's go coughing the balcony all
right yeah so you can make climb
roles to climb down the building you can
make you could make jump roles to try
and like hang down and jump the rest of
the way it is three stories yes okay oh
yeah that's a success yeah I succeeded
perfect all right so you both climbed
down and you you you climb all the way
down the building no problem and when
you make it down in the bar Jesse is
with you yeah Jesse is with Emma and
he's like holding his throat a little
mm-hmm and looking perturbed and when
you come back he's like hey did you get
out in time yes we got out in time are
you all right I am yeah de Mendoza just
like choked me until I went away then
why do you stay on this expedition
because we gotta fix this pyramid well
okay I mean what do you recommend we do
about the de Mendoza problem though
because he's obviously he can't I mean
just can't go around choking people he's
obviously a problem mmm exactly that we
should jump him and kill him no that
would be hard pressed to do from
everything I've seen infamous yeah
because if you say should we kill a
vampire
Jackson Elias says yes I'll go get my
garlic I
you know what I think I think you should
make them you know you should make him a
friendship bracelet made out of garlic I
think that'd be a great thing for you to
do like macrame yeah and give him a
mirror we've already seen him in several
mirrors
I haven't that's that's a remind bein
Peruvian vampires totally different they
don't remove the advance what's the
garlic of Peru cilantro I'm not wrong
well I have to go taste like soap like
by X and Elias goes to look for
somewhere to buy cilantro k in / in Lima
Peru at 10 o'clock it yeah you may never
see okay yeah
should we go tissue yeah you're probably
right yeah we should get out of here
if Mendoza's in fine form let's get out
of here okay
yes let's go back to our own if he's
walking around looking to choke people
okay yeah you go home yep but not before
we charge it to Larkins room yes nice
step one okay I'm sure you wouldn't mind
treating three loves no not at all all
three of you you go back to the hotel
and you know it's probably 11:30 by the
time you're turning in all three of you
make me luck rolls boy nope 94 so close
to being terrible or so close to
terrible before awesome that yeah there
is a knock at like 1:00 in the morning
there's a knock on your critical success
it's Jackson oh you're not gonna go away
are you
and so I open it cuz I know he'll just
keep knocking alright Jackson Staub
cilantro ah garden okay look that's not
what's important you going aways and
what's important right now
Larkin's sent me a note it's yesterday
today tonight now I got it so an urchin
came up to me came to my room knocked on
my door delivered me a note
it just says please help Larkin
does it look like his handwriting have
you seen his handwriting is that what it
looks like
sure yes probably its handwriting I can
tell you that much and Larkin has hands
for now but I never see you don't know
maybe Peruvian vampires can't write
possible highly possible they can't
use articles that note makes this clear
okay I I don't even understand what
you're saying anymore it was a grant you
lost me must be a way back yet I'm a
writer
grammar jokes are like they got it I'm
come Philippe okay just
he said please help okay okay are we
gonna help him okay I mean I can't tell
okay stop talking I'm done now we're
done Sammy's marriage in a nutshell just
me in the morning stop talking to me
things will happen stop talking stop
using the mouth go go pop go put away a
lot of cilantro yeah you do and go wake
up Alexandria and Octavia please all
right slam both of our names end with it
yeah so Jackson knocks on each of your
doors and proudly tells you that he
found cilantro and then I answered the
door with whip it with a pistol you
might need that
Larkin sent me a note that says please
help are you sure it was Larkin how sure
are you that it was Larkin who I hope I
was like to draw us into something I
come dressed out of my room slam the
door and be like what happened to foods
just a little boy who's like please help
like what happens if you just no no
chance are you working
oh well that and a little boy in Peru
would write in Spanish if
this is true well he might also write in
English those are the words he knows if
he needs to contact me anyway I digress
right I'm gonna get dressed
yeah I am it's happening a lot goes to
wake you up Larkin says he needs help I
say the same thing how do you know like
are you sure are you sure Jackson you're
like analyzed his handwriting Jesse okay
alright carefully see right now just
curvature here Brides he's sad and the
word help me see needs help I come out
of my room full of present just snatch
it out of his hand oh it's good thing I
didn't settle in for the night all right
what's our plan no plan we go knock on
his hotel room door I mean okay we do I
bring the cilantro do I not bring it
right and stop talking about it all
right we need to figure out what can
counteract these on the on the cab over
to the Hotel Europa there's a long
dissertation on the clear differences
between chupacabra and Cara Siri I need
curl up in the corner of the cab all
right so you this is unlike the smaller
hotels this hotel doesn't lock the door
at night so you're able to come in
there's a night person at the desk who
recognizes I'm here to help
totally annoyed just March straight
upstairs yeah yeah you head up there
3:00 in the morning yes points greatly
yeah it's quite late so réseau espresso
oh so you just go to it are you gonna
knock on Larkins door I'm a minge
Annalise knock on large door Larkin and
uh he goes harkened Larkin are you okay
and you hear a lark in very casually
have my hand on my
my pistol and you here lark and go okay
so now I feel bad cuz you weren't lying
uh-huh all right is the door long yeah
I'd like that in writing the market on
the calendar you want to try the door
yes it is locked all right he doesn't
sound like he can come to the door I'm
gonna try to pick it and all right well
okay and I'm gonna run downstairs and
get the the night watchman okay do you
want to do that instead yeah I'd rather
do that all right because it's all you
run down sure he'll he'll he'll come up
with you and he's a little confused his
English isn't great but Jackson once you
get up there Jackson explains that
there's somebody inside that is in
danger yeah saying help so you open the
you open the door and the night watchman
is gonna make a sanity roll the night
watchman starts to just run away that
might be the most sane thing to do
though when you enter the room on the
like folded up in an ugly ugly manner
that looks very uncomfortable if you're
not like a yogi is is Larkin and de
Mendoza is standing over him with a long
knife I've just busted yeah I mean door
opens Danny doses like he looks like not
shocked or anything he's just sort of
confused he like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] his head okay I'm
gonna scream stop and like slam open the
door all right you think that the the
the the new hotel guy is probably gonna
go try and get the police he's like he's
like running down from the second floor
yelling police yeah please yeah yeah
okay we're gonna go to initiatives so
your initiative is just your Dex
so I'm gonna name off Dex's and ladies
70s what are you doing um
is he like making any threatening
gestures at this point like I said a
knife a knife over him and he's just
sort of looking at you confused with a
hint of a smile all right then I'm going
to pull up put and pull up my stiletto
and just like square and square up with
it okay so your attack just very very
clear where I'm smaller than you but
we're on equal footing okay okay also
on a set in a 70 pcs always go first on
a 70 day Mendoza is hijacks great
starts sniffing and he's he's ignoring
Larkin now and he's looking at all of
you
and inhumanly fast he is which one of
you has the highest con actually know
which one of you has the highest sighs I
have 60 yeah me too m60 sighs Oh 55 well
fairly close all right all about the
same size he's going you you so he's
gonna go after you at squared with know
you've squared so this is gonna be a
we're each gonna roll our knife fighting
so you're gonna roll your knife I'm
gonna roll my knife whichever one of us
gets a better success we'll take an act
machete de Mendoza did not hit I did not
either okay so he comes rushing at you
superfast hmm and he flashes the knife
out and he you just barely get out of
the way but it you don't get a chance to
get a counter strike in yeah because of
that on a 60 Larkin like let up starts
to crawl away humanly crawl away yeah
okay yeah Larkin is hmm everybody make
me a spot hidden roll the weird things
you notice when your life's in danger
there nope
mmm-hmm 44 so I make it but not all
right so you barely you clearly see
Larkins tattoo by tune okay so he's got
it's like an open mm-hmm triangle with
that weird swirl coming out as he's
crawling away like it's it is you
know you can clearly see the the lion's
share of it alright that was 70 60s 50s
40s okay alright we'll go this way this
time forty doctor so they just got
into a scrap yes he just came at her
with he came at Alexandra with his knife
and I managed to dog or she hurried away
is there a way they could take the butt
of my gun and no you can totally try to
pistol with them that would be a
brawling roll okay hmm got a chance hmm
I did you did all the one oh my god I
rolled a note what all right that means
you do max damage so you're gonna do
you're gonna do six plus your damage
bonus now you don't even roll you do max
damage cuz I rolled in r1 noise and I'm
going to because you do six points I'm
gonna make him make a con roll to not be
knocked unconscious alright so you come
up behind him and you crunch down with
your pistol mm-hmm and there's like a
you hear like a cracking noise he is he
seems unaffected alright so I run after
the Prof can I get past Larkin
who's I'm sure I'm running after who
market larva you're gonna go after Laura
yeah can I get past you can totally yeah
you can't I asked that that's crumb okay
then just try and help pull him out of
the way and ask him okay but Larkin
smells like death now but now he smells
like death and lots of Cologne and he
Larkin looks at you mm-hmm and and in a
way that makes you very uncomfortable he
says you trust me well of course I do
doctor and I'm trying to get him push
him like into the before you would
technically not remembering that the
mask told you to trust Larkin yeah okay
like Emma's forgetting that yeah okay
that's totally fine yeah cuz again that
was a whole like what happened and now
I'm in a situation with a poor man is
being picked rollin and again like the
Savior and he's like look Dave Mendoza
was gonna kill me he's he's some sort of
he's some sort of monster okay let's I'm
trying to scoot him into the bath I'm
assuming you'll go like into the
bathroom you know whatever door okay
Jackson Elias this turn he actually went
faster he threw cilantro at him just
like throws a handful of cilantro at de
Mendoza and like it just plops off of
him and like de Mendoza is just looks at
him we're mmm maybe not cilantro pesto
no hmm all right we're back to 70s all
right he sees always go first I'm going
to attack him do it so this once again
will be an opposed night roll all right
you rolled pretty well I've rolled a
five you did not roll that well I wrote
a very critical success all right
you stabbed de Mendoza very well mmm
that's a critical success so you're
gonna do your knife damage yes
plus your damage bonus I don't have a
damage bound okay so do your die poets
which i think is a d6 entity for d4 okay
do I roll for it controlling other day
an other device right no the max damage
is only on the on the oh one all right
so it's a two plus two is a four okay so
you do four points to him
so you stab into him mm-hm and where
blood would normally come out just a
it's like this the smell from that wound
is rancid mm-hmm I'm I kind of choked in
the back of my throat but you know push
it and push it back and twit and twist
the dagger as I pull it back out your
daggers coated a little bit in a milky
white okay also in a 70 Larkin goes
no de Mendoza de Mendoza
sorry de Mendoza is going to try and
pick you up so this is gonna be a
strength roll so you can you can oppose
with your strength can I pose with Dex
to get out of there sure much better for
me 44 my Dex of seven that regular six
success yes that is a where's that half
no it's not that's it's not quite half
okay so he got a half success so let's
talk about an owl alright call of
cthulhu that that could come in handy
here there's a construct in the game
called pushing your luck mm-hmm when you
push your luck you're gonna essentially
double or nothing on a roll that you
feel like you really have to make okay
so the way it works and you don't have
to do this but I thought this might be a
good time to bring it on so you would
roll that Dex roll again mm-hmm you
would give me a reason how you can sort
of escalate things and use that roll if
you make the roll you do whatever you
want to do if you fail something awful
happens so it's double or nothing you
get another chance to try and make it
but something bad happens if I will
tell you right now that if you do not
make this roll he's going to put you in
a bear hug and that is all kinds of bad
for me he's a strong man yes has been
but since a regular caller polluted
doesn't have inspiration you cannot use
inspiration on a pushed roll fair I will
go ahead and push my luck I think okay
so you need a hard success oh boy
so you need yep nope
okay so operation you just said that
that's right so de Mendoza in the risks
man so it's no longer a bear hug mmm-hmm
instead he picks you up over his head
mmm-hmm and he just throws you towards
the balcony okay make me make me a just
a normal decks roll let's see if you can
yeah yes yes a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm really need
everybody these numbers broken down I
got an i got an 18 out of a 75 perfect
oh yeah you're good good so 3750 so what
he likes twist around like a cat and cat
yeah so well so you what happens is he
picks you up he throws you you go
crashing through the veranda doors hm
and you like grab on before you go over
the belt like grab on the game you just
grab on right to the side you take you
take seven points of damage holy gods
from the door and from de Mendoza and he
like you know he just lets out this roar
and you're in the bathroom right so you
to make spot hidden roles yeah I have
every reason to not make that okay
everything's fine yeah and and I don't I
don't scream but I do that on sort of
this yeah yeah no eyes all right you're
you're you're next in the parade of
Dex's actually sorry Jackson Elias I
thought Larkin wasn't was next Larkin is
not doing anything Larkin is blubbery on
to her Elias has pulled a large pistol
mm-hmm out of his out of his jacket oh
and there's a hole in the wall it's
weird
where his 45 his beloved 40 were on the
floor in the bathroom
yeah what's the gunshot he was close to
hitting gosh could he come for a reason
to push that no no it's garlic works
better yeah that's right so yeah he but
he's now standing there with this
smoking giant pistol that he has now
fired that now has woken every you know
if anybody was asleep everyone in the
hotel is away I'm good right so now what
do you doctor mmm he see facing me is
he's lurking like Larkin is now facing
you because he de Mendoza he's thrown
you know he's thrown Alexandra away so
now you're the one that he can get his
hands on great all right we'll try
shooting him
all right make me a firearms rule yeah
we're just gonna try to just shoot him
sure okay so there is another you could
inspiration that if you want I'm in
favor yeah I'm in the bathroom all right
come on everything's gonna be fine in
here I think all of the Baroness's
inspirations should go to firearms
although in order of GI Joe you should
miss everything you know they never hid
anything don't like stormtroopers yeah
that's right need okay nope all right
trust me I have like 10 minutes on GI
Joe man I could do it any and now you
know so so yeah there's a there's like a
large there's another hole in the wall
and another firearm not as not as loud
in booby but still you know I'm still
like a friend at this bro yeah I'm
outside your initiative are you gonna do
anything I'm just gonna try and figure
out with Larkin what is happening okay
did you why is he happy why is he
holding a knife over you he's a monster
well okay I need a little bit more than
that I mean you hired the monster
I mean what is he had no choice he
forced me to hire him he forced me to
put this whole expedition together is he
paying for it he he want his ass be
paying for it his whole plan is to go up
there and and if he thinks if he puts
some piece of gold back on the pyramid
that it will release this horrible
father of maggots or something how did
you get worm sir those are work he said
father of maggots and he gets really
angry if I don't say maggots usually he
just gets really angry yeah it looks
like he does are you how much drugs
have you done today not as much as you
well know as much as usual
okay okay so it's it's a pretty normal
state for you and when he made you do
this how did he make you do it
he's large and angry if there are things
like the police there are other large
and angry man who didn't - to me why
because I'm a disgraced gringo you could
have gotten on a plane and gone home to
my family I could get on a boat okay how
to boat sorry I could never go back to
my family okay okay and at this point am
i coddling him yeah yeah yeah like these
operated pet it's very uncomfortable
coddling someone that smells this bad
yeah yeah yeah and you know still has
plenty of heroin coursing through his
veins
oh he's a winner hey he's the one he's
your boss yeah okay back to top of the
lineup 70s PCs go first
all right pick yourself up out of the
wreckage of the veranda just like kind
of hold holding my ribs going okay I
didn't mean those ribs broken again that
was uncomfortable again the opera singer
has had multiple broken ribs yeah you
have to get that strength from somewhere
that's right yes
iron lung for context singing come on
pick myself up shake myself out and kind
of look around do I still have my desert
my hand well yeah sure okay so I get up
and like look back through the veranda
door to see you know where everyone is
what's going on how far away as de
Mendoza from me about he's a good
distance ten feet hmm oh this is a big
room 15 feet okay so he threw you
farther than than a prison but they
should be able to throw you like I'm
small but I'm not that small yeah he
just chucked you 15 feet yeah
up and over his head oh yeah [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
King Kong or something is he facing
towards me as we thank you because he's
turned towards dr. Aldridge alright then
I'm going to attack him from behind
sure so you come running up you're gonna
stab him he will not have any sort of
defense here so this is just your
straight roll in fact you have an
advantage die so roll it extra tins
an extra of this yeah yeah okay an extra
percentile yeah and take the best one
the lowest one who the double zero
there's a double zero in there double
zero son I'm sorry the double zeros and
it's a six or something double zero an
eight yeah okay I think so yeah I rolled
I rolled an eight out of 15 oh great
okay yeah so that is a hard success so
you come running up on him and you like
stab him in the leg
trying to like bring him down roll your
damage that's a 2005 okay
he's gonna make a dex roll he again
no blood hmm just weird quite a little
bit of white good stuff yeah and he
seems gaunter than you remember
hmm could I try to like hamstring him
well that's what you were trying to do
man it apparently had no effect
interesting so I'm gonna like back up a
couple more steps don't crying get out
of immediate range so you unless I barf
in a basement with a very unfortunate
view in front of you des Mendoza's mouth
starts to rotate and it becomes this
like disc of
horrible sharp teeth as his mouth is
opening and it keeps opening and it
keeps opening and like rows of teeth are
coming out and he's and like there's
this slathering tongue as he is going to
I would suggest a dodge roll might be an
order and I would also accept first to
say it every room is that room to
thought okay sanity first cuz you might
just run away totally made this fit
totally makes a so you lose one or shark
mouth sure man more likes lamprey mouth
is not sure and now a dodge roll to
avoid okay no okay make the Dodge so I'm
from the back mm-hmm and I've kind of
like backed up right off him you see de
Mendoza grabs Prof Aldridge and
then leans down and puts his head like
in her chest and there is a an awful
awful scream from you as you feel
something pierce your chest yeah you are
gonna take six points of damage and
better than me being thrown through the
window you have the uncomfortable
feeling that like as as your skin is
pierced like their suction not cool yes
it nothing has started yet but you
clearly feel that like it's you know
this is gonna start taking something out
I mean you don't know what
I'm gonna throw this out there in my
hand just one of an Egyptian holy symbol
okay of life okay
it's the ankh okay and I want to start
chanting something that I remembered
that's supposed to help protect or you
know bring vitality back nothing good
comes from spell-casting
desperate right now decoration is making
a power roll okay yep good all right
yeah you are you are chanting it's your
initiative so is that that's all you're
doing that yourself because there's
really nothing I'm not strength check a
probably lose okay Jackson Elias is
gonna try and shoot again oh all right
Jackson Elias just blam takes a big
chunk out of this guy oh so he lines up
and he takes the shot and like blows
part of his shoulder off and you see
first of all you're coated dude like
this is only the third worst thing
that's happening right now but you're
coated in like milky white like with
viscous what's to know as that was one
me what was to then of that you choose
the Milky Way and or two would be the
fact that you're now looking like
through his shoulder and he he this is
not limited his grasp on you okay back
to you oh wait I want to ask elevator
one more thing sure Mike should want to
ask him two more things but I'm gonna
grab them by like the lapel and just be
like okay this sounds crazy okay Jesse
thinks that de Mendoza is a vampire he
oh that's ridiculous okay good never
mind then hmm I mean he might he seems
very strong mm-hmm but I've never seen
him I mean he's never tried to drink my
blood okay and psychic powers right
about now would be great Larkin is like
calming down okay
or maybe the heroin is kicking in again
okay heroin the adrenaline is now losing
to the heroin so okay alright so what
was the other thing
um the other thing I'll wait on so I'm
gonna only we had some cilantro
now well that's okay I've been opened
so yeah you see awful things you see the
veranda door has been busted and there
is an Alexandra sized hole in it and
Alexandra is standing bus behind Larkin
like just repeatedly stabbing him
Lari de Mendoza yeah and she's bleeding
and bloodied de Mendoza is leaning over
dr. Aldridge and like if I mean I don't
want to inject humor into this awful
moment except for the little flecks of
blood that you see like I'm coming up
and that sort of thing and Elias Jackson
Elias is like looking at you through the
hook through a hole and de Mendoza
shoulder good lord how much movement do
I have you didn't get to I mean what do
you want to do well cuz I want to I want
to short round him I want to run up and
jump and like get on his back and choke
I have none of those skills sure sure
make the a make me an unarmed combat
role okay so that's gonna crawl fighting
brawl I don't matter cuz like there's no
weapons
sitting under I think that's under
fighting okay so it'll be like the
92 in the long round like you run up and
you like try to use the couch as a
spray-out to like jump on him and with
that broken shoulder and all he just
so that's that yeah that means we're
back to the top again alright I'm going
to see this this idea the short round
idea anything this is actually great I
did dr. Jones not the worst idea I've
seen in a long time so what I want to do
is
what I watched you is trying to get up
on this guy get him by the back of the
head and like use the dagger to cut
between him and her make me a knife role
he will not dodge he is he's attached
can i inspiration that sure or you could
push it nope I'm an inspiration that way
thank you oh you cannot inspiration fail
at the critical failure that was not a
critical failure who's at 86 much better
that is a hard success hard success okay
yeah I will allow you to separate them
then so you you like roll you're damaged
first of all five okay so you like carve
your knife up and you hear like the
weird like bone teeth grating sound
mm-hm as the knife goes up I'm sorry and
like you see as he staggers backwards
that in dr. Aldridge his chest is like a
little bit of his mouth that like
immediately starts to just dissolve like
a weird part of it was almost like a
drill mm-hmm mind if and the part that
was in her dissolves and a lot of that
white liquid is now like gushing out of
his his mouth and he's like staggering
back and I'm gonna jump off of him and
just get as far away from him as I can
okay lean forward try to get that stuff
out of the index roll pleasure Oh missed
it would you roll 82f all right so you
you get off of him but you don't get
very far from him it's fine okay we'll
go this way this time mmm okay I'm gonna
is there anything I can pick up next to
me like sure lamp yeah what up a lamp
and crack up yeah sure do it make me an
unarmed a brawl rule whoops in the Box
it's not gonna hit cuz it would be 53
I'm sorry it's like so you bring the
lamp over and you just crack it over his
head and it doesn't seem to have any
effect
okay doctor
you are Auto yeah yeah you did the
chanting work at all did it have I mean
he stopped you know he stopped carving
into you if you want to take credit for
it no I mean like to help help her feel
better make you I mean it made you feel
superficially better strong focusing
okay can I do I have any solves or
anything that could help tend to
whatever you can do some first aid but I
mean combat triage is not your favorite
thing like there's there's a rat trying
to wrap a bandage around yourself while
a crazy not vampire yeah trying to eat
you full of cilantro is fine if you want
to do I would suggest if you want to do
first aid you should leave this room I
mean if there's a hole in you throat
does that grab a chunk of something
something that's arm yeah if I'm just a
soft out of the white so if you want
I'll let you make a first aid role now
but I'm gonna give de Mendoza an
advantage to attack you okay or you can
like I'd get out if I were you get out
okay so you like stagger you stagger out
into the hallway and you clearly hear
the you clearly hear like some like a
group of people like coming up the steps
fantastic it's hopefully the police
hopefully maybe it's the Mafia who knows
very cool so where everywhere all right
that Jackson Elias will take another
shot checks and ice almost shoots
somebody that was not great I blame him
entirely for this way cilantro it's like
I said salsa party yeah smells a little
better yeah that's way better than sour
milk so yeah so we're now we're back to
the top it's clear Oh Damon knows a doe
I don't remember who cares so all he
does is like he his mouth is still like
descended and all this mess but you hear
him go lager and he turns and looks at
the
and I get between him and and and and
the bathroom okay
still bleeding still holding my side and
just like give him a stab his knife
is long gone
you know what is then I will stab him
okay he will badly try and dodge he does
not dodge and I don't stab him alright
but you you you come out in with the
knife you've held him off yeah and I'm
standing between him in the bathroom to
be like you want him you have to go
through a right now we'll go this way so
do you want to do first aid in the
hallway yes absolutely
so make a first aid roll you want him
come and claim him missed it by three
okay
you didn't make anything worse but you
feel like you need time to to like
properly dress this wound didn't don't
have the things yeah yeah I'm just gonna
try and slow him down with the whole
short round move again
sure jump back on him ah no 85 alright
you can fly that one do you want to
anyways right alright sure I want to put
another mark watch nope 7d cam ha it was
lower though yeah
that's six that's true they're true Amy
is good he rolls were critical still
better you know that doesn't count
hmm but he once again swats you away
shocked even broken anything with how
he's swatting you yeah no no don't push
it down yes it's just like keeping you
away all right he's gonna shoot again
Jackson if you shoot me little eight Wow
fine blam KaBlam II he does alright so
how would this be most cinematic so you
come jump like you to almost
simultaneously like you come in with
your knife and he fends you off with one
arm you come in and he just offends you
off with the other arm and so now like
he sort of he sort of have both has both
of you kind of
tell me the incredible sort of thing he
grabs each of your arms and he's holding
you and all of the sudden there's just a
BAM and this whole part of him just
shoots out in the space between you two
and he goes down on his knees and then
he falls headfirst to the ground and
like he's still holding on to you and
yeah you know you pry him off up the
stairs
come Cubs one very confused policeman
and the head to hotel guys and the
policeman sees you and sees your wound
make a luck roll to see if this guy
speaks English the Nightbeat in Lima is
not necessarily okay so he looks you and
he says something else in rapid-fire
Spanish you're like all you're hearing
is your heartbeat in your ears kind of
thing I go like this another point to
the room all right the cop the cop comes
in he only has a nightstick he does not
have a gun he comes running into the
room and he sees several weapons out and
and he sees whatever's going on there
and Jackson Elias starts kill Jackson
Elias starts to like talk to him in
Spanish and somehow he makes a lot more
sense than Spanish than he does in
English and he's like first he puts his
gun down yeah no I like right yeah drop
the stiletto in both hands
and he immediately starts talking to the
policeman and then so they talk you you
guys have time so if you want to if you
want to come back in and do first aid
yeah so with with with a first aid role
you can get back a d3 immediately nope
anybody else have first aid the one I
had I mean I have the 30 in first aid
that every you can try as long as you
don't critically fail you're not gonna
like open up make things worse no the
yeah you could spend luck I'm on to ya
I'm gonna be first day to myself okay I
can just like wrap my ribs yeah yeah
actually that was a 5 out of 30 I guess
what you get to use your d3 yes it's
everything you ever wanted it's
everything I've ever wanted take that
deal you get three points back you
should know that more often
I really should all right sign up - so
you're like you're like nobody even
cares or notices is you like tear strips
from like the sheet yeah you're like I
just like and just like pull my shirt up
and you have a wrap where my ribs going
oh how soon Oh Larkin out of the
bathroom sure there's a fart right yeah
it comes out and he's like he's gone my
dream oh that's wonderful
yes hi hello pull my shirt down ladies
[Laughter]
Elias comes up he's like so does anybody
have any money yes because if we give
this guy 50 bucks we were never here but
what about the body we were never that
was here not it
okay got it but what about what about
the old man him to market no and this is
Larkins room he's gonna have to be
involved with the report okay you won't
be on there Larkin you know do 50 bucks
I'll give my money to 20s and a 10 all
right I chose my wine money just to be
difficult all right and so I'll be right
back okay he goes up to the policeman
and he says something and the policeman
very studiously like leans down and
starts examining de Mendoza's yeah yeah
yeah
and the lat I want to tell Larkin to
just sir you have to tell the police
that he was being he was controlling you
that he was telling you what to do and
for his I'll do just that
yes
thank you okay thank you let's talk
tomorrow I might change hotels good are
was it the espana hotel espana yet was
the hotel espana yeah I think it's the
hotels I left my notebook back on the
house I'm moving from okay I think we're
gonna we're gonna go to break there you
have had your first deworming successful
bat your first successful is combat and
you can see how messy things can be in
the fights in this game so we're gonna
take about a five ten-minute break
depending on how many Girl Scout cookies
we eat and we'll be back shortly
thanks everybody
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back during the break Thomas had
some notes on my performances Jackson
Elias you think you didn't like what's
the guy with the glitter but but you
know I stand by my performance as you
should yeah so you have fled lar lar
khun's ho - now really destroyed hotel
room are you heading back to your hotel
you've got a one person who's bleeding
pretty well and one person who is now
bandaged up yeah we should go to the
hospital so you will you'll you'll take
the time to get to do the first-aid once
you you're not in like a someone's
trying to kill me situation you'll get
your d3 back so go ahead and give
yourself a D three points you can use
Tiana's cool d3 - alright shouldn't eat
in that last Samoa that's a mood that's
the name of my autobiography whatever
shouldn't have eaten that last cookie
said me every single Girl Scouts cookie
time no regrets it's delicious
it's so good though those little
entrepreneurs man so you get back to
your room and you've you know you've
gotten patched up and you're that weird
combination of adrenalin exhausted mmm
so like you know you were just in for
maybe one or two of you the first fight
of your life certainly for all of you
the first time you fought someone with
like a roll of shark teeth yeah yeah
what's the weird white viscous stuff
yeah that's also not so we can yeah see
you later
crumple it up throw it somewhere you
have a wall of shame go we're gonna
start a beautiful nine wall where we
like yarn between all the places and
here there was a memory in here let me
kill the worm lardons tattoo and okay so
you're back in the hotel Maury and yeah
pretty much it's it's pass out time you
know it's it's 3:00 in the morning
and probably 3:30 or 4 so you sleep a
good sleep I'm gonna take the time
before before I go to sleep - very
thoroughly clean my my blade okay yeah
good call good call because I do not
want whatever that is staying on my
blade somebody checks and lady Jezebel's
fast asleep with a golden rod so she is
doing a good job of guarding the golden
hate to work blue
so you next day
Larkin shows up with his luggage mm-hmm
and he asks for a suite and they give
him a room and he is all sorts of fussy
about it he is clearly he's clearly not
under the influence of heroin right now
he seems he seems to be annoyed about
that fact and so then he says so
tomorrow the trucks will be here and
we'll make our way to the pyramid i I
trunk I think now more than ever it's
it's important that we we make these
discoveries and we we see I mean de
Mendoza was he he said something about
how he had he had a gold piece in his in
his room and he said that if we put he
put that back in the pyramid it would
release something awful got it so that
was the gold piece I was gonna ask you
about that
so we I'm sorry I mean you mean he's got
a gold piece so we probably shouldn't
take whatever this is anywhere near old
a hundred so I I suspect then that we
should not take this gold piece anywhere
near the pyramid well I won if putting
it in its appropriate place will release
no I agree
perhaps I don't know should I leave it
with the museum I would leave it with
the music
yes okay all the same I'll do so Sanchez
yeah that's it so this would be sat
hoo-hoo dresser Sanchez Prof
Sanchez alright I'll leave it in here
I'll leave it with him or his assistant
okay sure so you should you know today
get any equipment you think you need
it's gonna be cold up there
the out we're gonna be an altitude you
no need to worry about food or anything
that old I've taken care of all that
well didn't look like a vat of coffee
and is like have you sorted out coffee
yes I'll bring coffee along the
peruvians do love that coffee wonderful
it'll be about 3 days 2 ponyo so we'll
be on the truck for a good three days
and then and then at poon yo will we'll
set up another camp and we'll then we'll
strike out for the pyramid is it just me
or is it a good idea to let something so
dangerous just go to the museum I mean
what if somebody else knows what it I is
it dangerous do they do they have a
vault perhaps they could put it in
that's well if if de Mendoza believed
that it would be able to unleash horrors
upon the world who knows what else it
might be able to do oh I see oh I see
have you hadn't how valuable it would be
to certain people who would be
interested in such thing and and if and
if it is a thing that them that belongs
here perhaps they would be willing to
guard it well I I see all of I I think
I'll go to the museum posthaste then
that would be lovely thank you thank you
so yeah he's gonna he take he is like a
like a bag a sack essentially and he
he's gonna leave right then handle is to
handle Amos loves always handle it with
gloves don't let anyone touch it with
her skin who will tell me that it's
cursed because pretty much it is and it
could ruin the peace essentially I like
it's a curatorial measure yes exactly
you don't win you don't want skin oils
on on any sort of that sort of metal in
my
pocket right that's so you can all
notice that Larkin like seems bigger
better he seemed stronger
he seemed you know he seems like he's in
at least in better spirits if not not
quite as still not physically but he
still seems to have consumption he's
still coughs every now and then and that
sort of thing but he he definitely seems
in much better spirits okay and this is
going to be an adventure isn't it I
suspect it will be okay about about noon
Jackson Elias stumbles down good morning
Sleeping Beauty why sleep with your
garlic last night a little cilantro
because you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what do you mean
why do I have it running in saying
there's a vampire house Larkin needs
help I'm gonna get cilantro roll all
that into one roll back to the hotel
yeah that thing damn I was hoping that
was a dream haha
no pal I still feel it and now Larkins
here - well he's doing better than we're
still going to a little bit tomorrow
yeah I think it's important I find that
curious look why that he's still doing
it even though so when I was demon does
a forced him to do this dad well I have
to tell you this for I'm sorry I'm gonna
tell you this right now is that I going
Dave Mendoza I forced him or what he
says forced him to continue with the
expedition then why is he so keen to
continue it with with - well is it gone
I mean it could be psychological in the
fact that he said that he could because
I asked him why he just didn't leave
like if de Mendoza was threatening him
why didn't he just report him to the
police or get on a train or a bus or
whatever you have but mikage trying not
to say plane right now yes get on a boat
and go home and he's like I can't go
home you know maybe he was fearful of
being a failure or it may be the
gamblers fallacy he's already put so
much and do it that you know he has to
succeed it could be a number of things -
whose was trying to sell various items
so maybe he wanted to use it as a way to
bargain yeah money you I mean as an
investor you know he's highly leveraged
right
so you have a free day in Lima to do
Jackson is gonna get his jacket dryclean
since the jet it's full of crushed
cilantro and he's gonna go talk to an
herbalist I'm gonna go to church oh very
good okay Sunday I'm assuming all right
yeah okay
mhm so I'm gonna ask to go to either
like the Basilica or yeah so the local
diets like an old like an older term
yeah you the local diocese you find the
sort of lima has the archbishop yeah and
so the archbishop is doing services that
Sunday so you get full confession and
communion in the whole do you do you
have anything to confess not to
confess sir well actually yes I do um
spoke ill of the Dead I didn't kill
anyone right I find your syntax
troubling well we were in an altercation
with with a gentleman who one of my
compatriots and again I know it sounds
crazy but it would be fascinating if you
had any information like any lore
anything maybe in your archives he said
that it was a Peruvian vampire that
attacked him so he like he he crosses
amezo he says Clara Siri yes that's what
he accused this man and this man was you
know threatening him with a knife and we
had to you know we have to fight this
man off well the car Siri are a myth
mm-hmm
but the myth is that they were a curse
put on the original conquistadors who
came to Peru and took our took our
treasure away and and you know enslaved
our people and it was a curse put on
those conquistadors and so how do people
protect themselves from the car serie i
mean local folklore
I've heard cilantro there are you know
there are I mean among the among the
Cueto mm-hmm up in the mountains there
are a number of sort of folkloric you
you put something on the on the doorstep
of your house and that keeps them away
or you you know you at night you leave a
you leave a lantern facing a particular
direction
okay that's those are two very common
ones among the Quetta okay you leave a
lantern pointing in the direction the
sunset got it okay all right so I'm
gonna go say my Hail Marys and our
fathers yeah yeah yeah get out yeah he
adds a couple on for your well we didn't
kill and that's gonna be a few he'll but
I don't know if like you know beating
somebody like beating somebody up is uh
um do you have any business to do here
um I don't think so
okay yeah you can you can use churches
to get like they can be used for
resources are you and things like that
yeah okay no I don't I think I'm gonna
be okay unless of course yeah I can use
a little more money mm-hmm they can yeah
the diet that doesn't Isis will take
care of that yeah from your credit
reading very nice go back from it back
to back to being poor it's a vow of
poverty mm-hmm are you two doing you're
gonna buy some books you were saying
absolutely okay what do you want to buy
what serve books you're looking for
looking for English to Spanish
dictionary add a conjugation book and
probably like learn Spanish the you know
the the Peruvian way okay yeah you can
find those during the three-day journey
we'll have you make a check and we'll
see if you pick up any Spanish awesome
what about you I'm basically resting
okay sharpen sharpening knives mending
anything that needs mending getting it
in some equipment the good days rest
you'll get another hit point back
fantastic
that'll bring me up to six basic points
uh Jackson returns with like bags of
dried herbs and he and he's like so this
this herbalist told me that if I if I
cross the the threshold of my of my room
or my house with these dried herbs that
Cara Siri can't enter okay what herbs
are they do you know let's see this one
gosh he can't remember them they're like
they're they're actually no he's no
that's not true he's dumb you ain't
stupid
story of my life now he rattles off
three Spanish words that you don't
recognize alright okay there there herbs
that come from the highlands does he say
anything that sounds remotely close to
the Latin name because most of it not
really you don't recognize well actually
I'll let you make if you bought me or or
biology I'll let you make a role yes I
have science though okay I'll let you
make a general science wall sure no okay
yeah yeah yeah you don't recognize any
other names it doesn't seem like it's
anything exotic it seems like this was a
soak the gringo kind of like you know
you do all feel like everything you're
buying is like one and a half times as
expensive as whatever else and you're
fine with that there was some talk of
buying weapons and things like that
oh yes machetes I haven't met you
everybody bought machetes but I think
there were talk of other things I wanted
explosives it's so-so for Jackson Elias
um one explosive right so Jackson
actually tells you that he knows a guy
in Pune Oh mm-hmm of course I can hook
you up with dynamite shocking shocking
share I'm sure you have I'm no no
because you know what else is a great
vampire repellent
that's the fireballs do tend to do tend
to do dinna do that
running water is great I'm sorry running
water alright okay so so when everybody
turns their back I'm gonna just be like
hey Jax lies give me some that herb bro
don't tell anybody I'll give you okay
I'll give you some of the mixture okay
yeah I'm gonna pipe as well you know so
you know it's it's not the worst idea I
want some as well okay it doesn't go by
more yeah I mean he'll he'll he'll
happily if it I was like he's being
humored yeah no he I had a good idea
it honestly does no harm to put into
voodo line of herbs across the doorframe
and it might make it a little better I
don't want him to know or anybody else
to know that I'm giving it some credence
right right yeah you do it's neatly yeah
I don't care hundred dollars to go get
Wow a decent amount well we're gonna be
there for a while fair used a couple
weeks he like snaps the bill I'll be
back that's a nice sound to it Larkin
returns you think they're very nice at
that Museum it's pity about poor dr.
Santa Prof Sanchez mr. Sanchez yes
I gather I gathered de Mendoza put him
in the hospital he had an altercation
with de Mendoza yes well I was able to
speak to his his his assistant miss yes
yes yes and she she now has the piece
and they will guard it quite carefully
and I think I deserve a drink
excuse me and he goes anymore it's like
12:30 so I'm gonna go with the five
o'clock somewhere you drinking it's
Sunday today drinking everyone started a
church body and blood so like after
you've had after you guys have had like
two drinks he starts talking about
what's about how much alcohol you'll
need for the drive up just based on what
we drink yes like any date he's like
days
I mean I'm gonna shoot barrels yeah he
starts like I'm thinking that's probably
a bottle of vodka
mm I like the way you bottles of vodka
just to be safe okay yes no just for the
so for two bottles just for myself
oh yeah cause just for you just look at
it crate so he's placing an alcohol he's
like he's like sort of starts writing
down numbers and he isn't he's getting
alcohol ready to go don't we do drink
rum are we day drinking together
that's Larkins plan happy okay oh yes
we've got the coffee no no no no
concerned that if they remind and soak
my vat of coffee in my hand when he gets
a little more hammered and like
everybody kind of disperses and starts
wandering around I'm gonna ask him so
Prof I did notice while we were
adding you know when we were
strategically weighting our time biding
our time in the bathroom we shed a
movement exactly trying here
only smells like Cologne now okay I mean
a lot of it yeah but trying to try to
get the innuendo try to work for you a
little bit I noticed that you had a
tattoo on your chest yes in reference to
so I gather
mm-hmm that you are not a believer in
the spiritual world
nope well then let's just say that de
Mendoza gave me that tattoo forcibly or
did he suggest I'm not a fan so what did
he say it's what is the tattoo of I
don't even understand what is this
he called it he called it the bloody
like for jokes all at the same job and
in my memory banks of old you can make
an occult roll okay well I don't think
we're there for this oh that's right
yeah this is just a it's just so you can
make an occult roll sure there's no
point I don't believe this stuff
whatever point from mr. buzz that's a
cute anyway so I continue to ask him
like is there any significance to it
like why did he make you get it what did
he tell you oh five percent I'm not
making us
he's very uncommon Oh close roll I got
an eight
all right you feel like you feel like
you've heard bloody tongues somewhere
before but only a joke yeah so you he's
very uncomfortable talking about the
tattoo like it's clearly something that
he's not excited about yeah I can make a
psychology rule nope okay it seems like
he doesn't like talking about it okay
there's something there but he will you
know since you are pressing him he'll
he'll once again save it we've had at
least oh yeah he's he failed his condoms
yeah we're like three to four drinks he
said you know I you know it de Mendoza
forced me to get it I really didn't want
to tattoo is a very passe and it was
exceedingly painful mm-hmm and when he
says that in a curious manner you know
that that makes you think it's more than
just the needle that was exceedingly
painful okay mm-hmm
and you what else did you ask why did
you get it earth no did he force him
to get it like yeah oh and also what did
he tell you like was there significance
to it like it's such an odd pattern most
people get like anchors and you don't
mean bulldogs and blinks again I had
very little I was well you know I'm not
proud of this but I was I was
essentially semi-conscious I woke up and
had this tattoo
so you didn't tell you like what it
meant or no he just said I was mocked oh
that's not creepy no okay
so I just pat him on the back and say
well things are looking up sir okay
that's not creepy cheese everything's
fine clearly okay okay if any nobody
else has anything else to do we're going
to did you so we're getting explosions
near Pune oh yeah yeah
Jackson Elias has it he has a dynamite
guy and then when I have an opportunity
to tell these two I'm he told me that
also men don't like I don't know I mean
just to go to the psychology of this
gentleman
Mendoza really manipulated this guy I
mean he made him get a tattoo I saw the
tattoo
yeah but Mendoza took him to get the
tattoo and it's something called the
bloody tongue and that he said he was
marked which again if you believe in
weird things would say that you're
probably marked for a ritual sacrifice
just throwing it out there if my name
was Elijah Jackson I'm not so I don't
but didn't have you ever heard of
something called the bloody tongue I
could make it a rule I've never I never
heard of this let me think I can't
recall yeah it's I mean it's obscure
whatever is you know it's not I'm also
more concerned about his state of mind
that you know regardless of what what
you think he is a vampire or not I mean
to be that easily manipulated and you
know it's I feel like we should look out
for him in some respects but for the
safety of the expedition as well just
because if you know if it's not Mendoza
then who next will take advantage of
this poor man well he is a junkie I'm
sure that was dangled in front of his
face I mean we all have our drugs as I
shove like two bottles of vodka and and
and and and I'm sipping my coffee yes we
all have our drug everything's fine see
Jackson's doing a line of coke with a
sprinkle of cilantro I know what you're
know what there's there his herb burns
going down I'm sure it does it's a now
his mouth I'm not allowed to have I
don't get to write my quotes down only
your quotes oh come on you got it down
now okay so we're gonna hand waive the
truck show up the next morning you
easily sneak three feet of gold uh-huh
into the boat
and Madam Jezebel somehow I'm just
holding it still she's like lying in the
back of the truck she she has some sort
of fever it's not good she says at one
point she says that that this happens
and that you know when you talk to the
spirits sometimes they talk back hmm
it's that whole quote you know when you
start into the void sometimes avoid
stares back there you go so you you
start the once everything's loaded you
start the truck trip is it so there are
three trucks are you all gonna be in the
same truck are you splitting up I would
rather stay with the others okay I stay
as close as we can organ is in a cab of
the lead truck with the driver how many
seats are there per truck so if you want
to be in the back you can like sit on
boxes and stuff like that there's really
only two people can fit comfortably in
the cab one hmm
the driver and then one other person you
could maybe crammed two people in there
but it wouldn't fit they're small
yeah if the road gets sketchy I'm going
back like I don't want to see I don't
want to see one of those roads that go
straight down to nothing I am I am a
holding in favor of us being in the the
yeah there is there's climbing higher
there's calling weather gear there is
there's digging equipment there is
there's no dynamite yet not in that
truck yeah yeah when you're there Bob
there's a great deal of food a a
staggering amount of alcohol a lot of
coffee there are tents and things like
that
although yeah that's a we're pretty well
yeah you seem overstocked yeah really
four four you know what are you five
people really and the free the drivers
are also going to work as sort of
laborers and mirrors and that sort of
thing
so this will give you a sense of your
route so here's Lima you're gonna drive
three days along the coast to come on
yeah and then it come on you you're
gonna start heading up into the
mountains oh yeah that's right we're
gonna Lake Titicaca and as you and I
claimed I was the dáil girl boy I
remember it as you start to head up into
the mountains we're gonna you know the
unless you want something to happen on
the voyage nothing's gonna happen on the
boy I have like white knuckling in the
mountains I'm like I don't want to see
we were damaged
you'll be back up to full tank by the
end of the voyage with rest and
relaxation yeah basically I'm hanging
out in the in the backs of in the back
of one of the trucks sleeping when I
went whenever the road isn't like super
jostling
as you're going down the coast the road
is pretty good as you start to head up
into the Andes the road gets a little
shaky ER and there's more sort of you
know we have to drive around this thing
to get to this Canyon to go that way to
just don't look at my yeah there's the
range lines
it's definitely colder mm-hmm can we
start layering the clothes on and you
also start to notice the altitude mmm
puno is gosh I want to say it says in
here but I want to make sure I think
after what is up there we should have
probably brought some herbs for that hey
Jackson did you bring some herbs for
altitude cuz last I checked we kind of
need this well it's not as long as we're
moving up fairly slowly we should have
time to adjust
yeah it'll I mean I you know he Jackson
said Jackson like he says you know I
usually feel crappy for a couple hours
and then I'm okay oh yeah it's it's much
better going by truck than by train
mmm-hmm
slower the train ride is terrible coming
up here alright so you drive up and you
make it to Pune Oh put this is your
about a half day late so you're getting
in on the evening of Pune Oh everybody
make me a con roll yep yes nope
okay so for for the rest of today you're
gonna have a disadvantage die you want
everything you do you are feeling the
altitude sickness you're short of breath
you're you're generally not feeling
great
yeah you guys no problem Jackson I was
surprised I got a twenty nine Larkin is
like doubled over
yeah lark is like we should we should
rest a minute maybe yeah go - oh yes
good so you have some time to adjust to
the altitude so you you make it to the
hotel he sends Jackson is like Larkin
why don't you go handle our hotel rooms
so when he's gone he elias's to you so I
have to go see where I want to find out
where Nara is narrator you remember is
the the folio which I thought it was an
I'm sorry that's an end it's your name
right okay yeah I wanted to come my mom
notice hope I have to find out where she
is
we were under this MN problem a lot yeah
because she's in hiding mm-hmm so I'm
gonna find out where she is and
I'll come back and I'll get you guys
okay all right we can go see him maybe
we don't involve Larkin and that just in
case now I wonder he draws a lot of
attention he does you know actually that
is something you notice there are very
few Europeans here mmm
almost everyone here is quite sure yeah
which is a local indigenous Indian tribe
so they are darker skinned they are
darker haired they are not sort of the
Euro appearing Indo people that Peru you
know that we think of as sort of
Peruvian the lighter skin more there's
there's not as many oh there's still
every once in a while you see some but
not not a whole lot and you don't see
any tourists here yeah the the lake the
name of which I won't say the lake is
actually it is the highest navigable
lake in the world and because of the
altitude it is it is mainly fed by
rainwater and it is brackish the rim
though the river is brackish and you
notice that dotting the hole what we'd
call a harbor but it's not really a
harbor sure our little islands with huts
on them and there's a there's there's
essentially people have made fake island
you know have made homemade islands that
they live on Wow
all throughout there so yeah you you
have a it's not not a great hotel but
you know it's the nicest hotel in Pune
oh and you have an afternoon in Putin oh
if you want to do something how big is
it is it who do is a town about 20,000
people okay but it is it is tiny it is
you know it's much smaller than Lima the
church is the only building here that's
over two stories hmm
the Basilica is the only building that's
over two stories okay I mean I would
just do you ladies care on an afternoon
stroll are you tired
I mean I'm fine do you need some rest
you know not looking so well
yeah I'm not feeling very well probably
need to go to the market and get
something from the altitude okay I'll do
the ladder we can walk the market we
marched in place markets are always fun
yeah although none of us speak Spanish
um actually I was hurt
oh yeah making an education role edu six
voice it no problem okay so you gain a
d-10 and speak Spanish in other language
Spanish so that's two oh all right you
can ask where the bathroom is mm-hmm hey
know where the bathroom is oh you know
that's Russian Oh Spanish whatever so
yeah anything that needs doing Jackson
has the dynamite guy but you could still
go
Mercato I mean let's just want to walk
around just gotta see if anything piques
my fancy yeah so you do see a number of
stores selling almost any weapon you can
think of and yes you do see dynamite
there's a crate of dynamite for sale
okay just a place okay a place yeah just
wherever it is I mean and like not even
a like you want to see what's in the
back yeah no it's just it's just there
you want dynamite okay I mean do we get
some as a gift for Jackson or do we
thought of you a thank you for killing
the vampire for us I like it let's pick
him up a box of dynamite all right so
there are 12 sticks of data some buddy
add that to your list of stuff and then
what about is there anything that they
do for altitude sickness like you know
how use they have a to on the leaves
yeah they have a tea that they make and
they'll yeah you can buy some of that
and you feel better after the tea the
tea else goes untight thank you
it's altitude sickness clearly huh and
then are there any sort of weird not
necessarily weird but like
look actually I could cruise around the
church as well because usually they sell
these things for profit so I might as
well go to the church and just see I'm
looking for like sort of a cross that
would be a blend of you know Christian
and local hmm if they've done something
interesting like local feel about that I
find it interesting mm-hmm
I find it a little I find it interesting
like yeah I was opposed that yeah
definitely blasphemous I find it but I
also am not completely condemning it
like I'm kind of giving it you're trying
sort of thing all right sure yeah there
is - yeah look at you you think you're
Catholic will it sleep yeah yeah you can
totally find a a an idol of some sort
that definitely has you know local local
bent to it everybody make a spot hidden
whoo Niner no around so you - yeah
you're walking by article so you look
out on the lake and you see Jackson
Elias like in a canoe like paddling out
to one of the islands out there looking
about the center very conspiratorial II
I terrible nut cake so I'm gonna mention
it to everybody because obviously I want
to just be like look how dumb he is
again doing something down kind of
whispering a dumb and dumb cheesecake
you doing you feel like oh no he's far
away yeah he's a he's in the middle of
the lake I'll be like look he's out
there thank you now I can see him
mouthing if I had some dynamite honey we
have a gift for you yeah all right so
you spend the day shopping there are
lovely Puyo has a number of lovely like
serape and poncho offerings it is
definitely cold up here
you know you're at you're at I think I
want to say 10,000 feet he's at 10,000
yeah that might be a little high I'm not
a kind person sure but you're definitely
high up and it is it is noticeable
I would I would like to get like a
poncho something yeah sure
something that the locals have made that
is for the area so there's a mainly they
wear these heavy wool Serapis made from
like alpaca wool mm-hmm
but they are they're lovely and they're
you know they dye it and it's very nice
yeah they're also very fond of hats here
there's a lot of cool hats mm-hmm so
picking up smokes in a drink for the let
me not for me for the medicine woman
yeah sure sure yeah I'm gonna get a
serape and a hat sure in very vibrant
pretty colors yeah yeah that's great
it's the serape is great in the cold
weather Larkin has already passed out
mm-hmm from a combination of alcohol and
heroin primitive speed balls I guess
this way hey do we see her so I've heard
do we see Jackson Elias pedal his way
back yeah ttle yes way back towards as
you're heading back to the hotel like
you see him like paddling back okay and
he'll come that evening okay I'll get
together
and he like looks around make sure
Larkin if there goes I found I found
near oh you mean out on a island in the
middle of the lake
you're pretty conspicuous battling out
there by myself hmm all right well just
are yelling cheesecake that you couldn't
hear no I couldn't no thing about
dynamite oh we got you something you
should have waited oh we got this for
you
that's really Wow this is among the
nicest things anyone's ever done for me
I didn't get you anything it's alright
temptation what you see tell us about
Nero so so naira is neighbors hiding
she's worried about the Cara Siri there
there she feels that the Cara Siri have
been stepping up their activity in near
Pune oh and she she's suspicious of any
white people she thinks they're all Cara
Siri fair but I I got her to agree that
she would see us all we have to go so
we're not going to her house we're gonna
go to a different Hut out on the river
so we're gonna have to boat out tomorrow
alright and oh if she gives you
something to eat
make sure you eat it it's rude not to
eat it okay okay so general hospitality
rules apply yeah yeah yeah and you
got her a gift right yep nice nice there
are some like probably tamales in food -
I got her tobacco yeah this burn just
gonna smoke I don't know what they like
yep okay so we're gonna zoom ahead to
Matt then so next next morning Jackson
wants to start out early Larkin is
supervising the unpacking of everything
and storing of it all and he's also you
know he's trying to figure out which
roads to take to get him to where he
wants to go to take the trucks and he's
trying to figure out how quickly you'll
have to go to foot cuz he doesn't want
to do that because that'll reduce your
at your gear effectively and our ability
to carry things out yes
so you head out onto the water everybody
can make me a spot hit and roll oh boy
holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I got a critical success
nobody no success alright I got make
sure you check it off if you iron have
you clearly see a middle-aged woman and
a
teenage boy both both Quaker mm-hmm
that are very uncaring watching you
don't look now but we're being watched
and when she pointed out they totally
you totally see okay
and like Jackson's hand goes into his
job there's nothing odd looking about
them no there's like they're just like
very they think they're being subtle you
know there's nothing odd about how
they're dressed it's not like we're
being followed by Nazis or anything no
no no no you're these dirty you're like
way too much Indiana Jones and
ventricles which Indiana Jones ahead
right now they're they're not they're
not nice ruin 1920 gallon that you know
[Music]
after 1945 nine so yeah they're just you
know they're just not as subtle as they
think they are and they are clearly
watching you we should probably take an
indirect route to neighbors or where we
are meeting area well that's so we are
meeting at a different house than hers
regardless where we're being watched
very closely okay
okay I'm on it thank you yeah we have
can we have like a tour where somebody's
you know make like a tour where we're
just looking at what's out on the lake
this is pretty so you you get in the
canoes and you you you know they they
don't seem to go in the water yeah just
watching you but usually flicking up my
eyes to them to watch them sure yeah you
you know you take a very circuitous
route and you end up on one of these
man-made islands and as you get closer
you see that it is it is the worst kind
of landfill possible it's essentially
mud and Reed and mud and Reed and mud
and Reed and mud it built up until until
it's kind of an island and when you step
out on it like in all kind of sloshes
mm-hmm and there's like this much water
everywhere I'm glad I'm wearing good
boots yes yeah it's it's ramps
and there's a hut in the middle of it
and inside that Hut
you meet a lady a very old woman her
smile is you walk in the door Alexandria
is infinitely more subtle that's how
young people are you know like she she
is she's very welcoming she only speaks
Spanish and as you walk in she she's
adorable
oh she dips a ladle into a pan into a
little bowl and she hands each of you a
little bowl okay
and she watches you alright so I drink
it all right it tastes awful yes I still
drink it then like make a con roll off
okay oh I was gonna just get the vodka
out and start sharing it to sort of con
it back in well yeah I barely don't make
it you so you cut it open you keep it in
Jackson just down Zetas like that was
pretty good
she starts to laughing uproariously and
she says something to Jackson and
Jackson goes oh god that was good that
was out pack a piss oh and she's like
laughing and laughing and laughing
should I take a swig up this wicked
kill em nice yes yeah thank you for she
apologizes for the joke she she pulls
that on every you know it's it's it's
it's fun too
it's fun to mock the gringos she says
and she's talking Jackson and he's
translating and she she basically says
like she tells you the story of the
pyramid she's you know she there's an
old story about
how an ancient evil God fell from the
sky and landed in the lake it crawled
out and it it it brought hunger with it
it was always starving and so the the
trickster hero
akiko told the evil God where the most
nutritious food could be found
underground and he showed it like tubes
and grubs and tubers and things like
that and to try and feed this thing and
the echo convinced this awful God that
that it should crawl into these tunnels
and that it would find plenty of food
there and when it went in there he he
built stones over the Burrow in a like
an a pyramid of stones over it and he
trapped it in there and then he told the
people in the village don't do anything
to that pyramid because there's
something under there that you don't
want to let out and he he taught them
Keiko taught them how to weave gold into
a into a binding spell hmm to hold
whatever was there inside and it was and
he he told them that it was he had to
build the temple over it place the spell
and and then she says the God from the
sky still lives underneath the temple to
this day and those who know of it are
wise enough to avoid its tomb
consequently few of any people from Pune
oh go anywhere near the pyramid and she
she'll like point out exactly where it
is on your map she knows exactly where
it is oh wow let's mix our job using
figure out where it is sure yeah yeah
you mean based on where she points her
finger yes you can we can figure out
exactly where it is very good very good
idea saying like one day knew two days
it's probably two days from here yeah
and so asking Jackson Elias at to ask
her you said that she said there was
more
they call Kumari Carcieri Carcieri
activity how does she think she knows
this she's seen them but how do you know
because they look like normal people
right how can you tell yeah so they have
a hunger to them mm-hmm and a gauntness
and before in the past I'm an old woman
in the past the car serie were mindless
mm-hmm but for some reason they have
gained intelligence they they they they
they they know more than just mindless
hunger and that's troubling and that
that's been a relatively recent
development how recent 10 years maybe
less is there a way to stop more to
protect ourselves or to wells are all
the old stories say that you need to the
only way to kill them is to behead them
or burn them right sort of does both
could do little Calla may make a whole
stick it in just as she tells you that
the archetypal Cara Siri is a tall white
man wearing a wide-brimmed hat carrying
a long knife that he uses to butcher
people and steal their body fat
alternatively he made drug people and
extract their fat using magic or strange
tools their nose yep back to the fat
well and then to the drugs yeah he would
have drug Barkham them and and she says
you know and the the more fantastic
story is like talking about them like
there's some kind of leech okay like
they suck the fat out themselves with
mouths that look like a lamprey
well that that would be fantastic
yes it was quite an tactical wouldn't up
don't recommend it so I put the bottle
but I'd take another swig and put the
bottle back there like have another we
didn't behead him
when you know and and so then Elias
tells you I'm gonna tell her about de
Mendoza yeah sure yeah because she's the
one who pointed him out to me when I was
up here then if you are then asked her
if like Aleksandar said we didn't he had
him now what
there's bloom hole in him oh yeah he may
not actually be dead
so half his body like hang yes but we
didn't behead him or burn him if that's
the only thing that'll kill the custody
because everything he's gonna regenerate
yes fantastic she says de Mendoza is
the reason she's gone into hiding mm-hmm
because she thinks pointing him out to
Jackson marked her and so she thinks the
car Syria are looking for her you know
she doesn't know about him being dead or
not okay can we describe what happened
and ask her if that would kill a car sir
if that's enough to get rid of him or do
you think we should be looking for him
it sounds like a lot it is a lot but
what it wasn't beheading or burning was
it enough I I mean that's the that's
what I've heard that only burning or
beheading bill so we have to watch her
back speaking of watching our back
besides the the line of herbs at the
doorway or the lantern facing to the
sunset is there another way to protect
yourself supposedly the I go up the
smokes for this one nice yeah good call
yeah she says that the the the spell of
gold mm-hmm
is is poisonous to the touch of the car
Siri
so the you know the spell that was
wrought to to hold the temple hmm is is
poison to them mm-hmm
and does anybody know this spell is it
written somewhere well so long mm-hmm no
no no Akiko the people that this was
thousands of years ago that a Keiko did
this everybody make an intelligence role
that I think it's the stick a lot nope
nobody knows that when they said my ear
walked into the door that was a fumble
for me oh dear all right so you are the
only one who's like we might you know
that's probably the piece of gold that
we have I feel she did I've already
figured out the cool thing gold rod
character knowledge player no I know
so yeah my character still thinks there
needs to be a spell somewhere that we
need to uncover very or something and I
like water
I must fell off the edge of the island I
try to is there anything on that for oh
did you bring did you bring the
goldenrod here no me we brought but we
didn't bring it with us yeah I don't
think yeah yeah yeah she's she's
watching it for us while she sleeps
was there anything well there that I can
recall were there any there were symbols
that seemed like her I wanted to be
writing but they were no writing you
recognized okay
can you could you sketch something that
they were very similar to the pendant
let Larkin hand okay yes if you pet some
stuff out she's like oh that's ancient
creature oh do you know what this says
my ancient creatures not great that's a
mood might help you know that's a mood
it's something maybe about about
protection or or or or a lock or or they
wouldn't have the concept of locks or or
like a seal a shield maybe yes yeah yeah
and how do you say this could I like can
you say yes she'll tell you the ancient
future words were for like that I mean
she points to one of the symbols cuz
like there's a lot on there sure she's
like I don't know what most time that's
fine that's also only part Nick it
should be a second stave if that pendant
is right thank you
of course of course can I help you with
anything else oh that question me too
that's always the getting something
question any any divine protections and
any prayers to protect any anything that
would war
it's the car Siri I heard that spell rod
of gold is the is the only one that I
know of
okay no I that's why I'm hiding is there
truth in the placing of a lantern in the
Western I sure hope so cuz I'm doing it
fair good to know mmm-hmm does that work
inside a tent I sure hope so otherwise
we're probably dead right yes I think
that's it's all I can face a consecrated
ground you know like something dude
alike and I guess the lantern sit well
if we got lanterns when we should have
lanterns yeah you'll have LAN
you'll have lanterns you'll have all of
that and you know it'll wake up every
few hours to her into a place of the
candle is there a jeweler's shop in the
shirt town maybe we should get some gold
things do you think gold is the the word
part of it it's part of it so you're now
canoeing back mm-hmm taking your
circuitous route and keep an eye out for
that woman in the teenager yeah they are
on the dock okay so they've been
standing on the dock for like three
hours okay so I'm gonna say oh it was
such a lovely boat ride such a Pete the
what a wonderful dumb thing
what a wonderful pre our viewers exactly
did you bring the vodka yeah
fantastic death about someone drunk
so unless anybody has anything to do
you're actually gonna take off for the
for the pyramid tomorrow let's do it
yeah now you know gold you know sure
yeah you buy some some gold coin maybe
something that's really like a bracelet
bracelet you know that you know exactly
because they were pointed out we're the
pyramid ooh yeah but it seems like
Larkin is kind of just like I think that
way mm-hmm and he's in general the right
direction but it's clear that he's kind
of like hunting and pecking you know
he's gonna so what do you think do we
save ourselves in time and point him in
the correct direction I don't know I
mean I'm starting to have second
thoughts and might want to go home
that's fair
I mean and obviously this is I'm trying
to sneak it in and what were not paid
well nobody else is paying attention but
I don't know I just I don't know if I
feel right about pointing him to the
place where supposedly and again this is
all supposedly but I'm just saying that
just in case vampires are real and L and
weird worm gods and whatnot a real that
why would I want to point him to the
worm God oh wait money never mind let's
go well and then and that's a--that's
the other question if this is such an
architecture or archaeological finds I
imagine it would be
did we want someone like him near there
considering he has the tongue tattooed
on him I don't think so if he's been
marked if he's been marked when maybe
sacrificing him you'd be described in
your in your vision human sacrifices
that may have been people who were
marked similar to him bringing him close
to their maybe tantamount to offering
him I mean is what I was trying to say I
don't know I don't know what that means
like I don't know if we're there
happen I don't know if that was yeah I
don't know anything never mind don't ask
me what I don't know anything
don't shouldn't we be trying to seal it
off so that no one can get to it which
means we should find it and then if
that's the case do we give is there are
there any consequences on any
consequences to telling him oh yeah it's
right here and then he asks well how do
we know mm-hmm then you have to unravel
that story that's the other question we
if we pointed in the right direction we
will ask how do we know got a good
feeling yeah so he's he's in general
going in the right direction
mm-hmm but like you know it by going by
his rear he's off well you know he'll
find it it'll just take longer so do we
just subtly help him out without subtle
help may be the best option if we're
here are we committed to this are we
committed to seriously like what's our
objective are we trying to protect
Larkin are we trying to prevent it so
that no one can tell I mean like what
there there's many options you know are
we going there to see if it's real which
we getting treasure between the three of
us Larkin is my lowest priority fair
enough for cry pardon between the four
of us Larkin is is my lowest priority
you can hear about the artifacts at all
I mean I I'm kind of curious about them
but I'm curious about them and I have a
I don't know if I want them disturbed
I'm more concerned about Larkin then and
you didn't mean I'm concerned about his
mortal soul unless his faculties will be
there that's like the logical thing if
he's control if he was he's marked by
something and he was manipulated for a
long time exactly and someone who just
that many drug okay so there's a very it
opens up to the spirit world for control
and well and even if it's not this
futher than the spiritual world using as
many substances as he seems to would
open someone up to a suggestion
manipulation even if it is on the mere
mortal play absolutely so remember don't
do drugs
cuz the vampires will take advantage the
moral the story to pecans that anybody
can see Reagan was getting it I think I
mean stay away from the heroin this is
like an easy one
no empires like but I think we we have
to put that back and he points the
golden Ron no I agree I just what kind
of damage are we gonna do put us right
not the mask it'll close everything back
up right you guys don't have the masks
no but we left behind
thank God fully well but the rod opened
it the first time did it I would have
closed I thought something else opened
it in there or something like the rod
according to according to the story they
pulled that out men pried out a large
section of the gold exhaust him cells
they tent and then the next morning all
of them but but Figueroa were super
hungry so it seems likely considered
consider a door right and and you have
any meditate portion pulled out one of
the hinge pins and the doors weaker it's
easier to get things through extended
and the this Dave could be one of those
hinge pins okay is the easiest way that
I can think of it if any of this was
real very good it was a positive yes no
in a good way it's like a part of a part
of a shield and it was taken away so
part of the protection was taken away oh
so if we put it back back to reinforce
the see exactly yes I wouldn't put it
put and put in that mask thing back he
said what he said what unleash things
but putting the stave back will ground
it out like a lightning yes mmm I like
all right so you agree but you're not
gonna you're not you're gonna like
subtly point you're like yeah look like
a pyramid over there yeah kind of thing
an obvious clue right here that you're
walking right past all right I mean
Larkins seems totally oblivious
like is he mansplaining at to where he's
like yeah like do you think a pyramid
could be over there wouldn't that be
better he's like well clearly when you
look at the trees over there the
formation of all the rocks over there
clearly indicates yes let's go that way
it's mean what we're just walking
clearly was the nineteen when he's well
actually so you you start out in the
trucks
mmm-hmm and you you go and you're
driving and you still in the first day
you hear they're the trucks now they're
ready to go you hear you see you hear of
well actually everybody make me a listen
nope nope I'm sorry that engines just
nobody can do we want to in suppose
someone who crawled defeated we're like
no not really who has it who has you
swear you hear gunfire
but like kind of far away Jackson lies
what are you doing no no it's not me
it's dummy his name is Jesse huge Jesse
used whatever you hear like you know
sort of pop pop pop a little of ways in
the distance okay hmm
I'm are we in the trucks or no yes yours
okay so I'm gonna stick my head out in
the truck and see what I see and with
the 41 I don't see him hard success but
I see something nice okay
so you you're coming over a rise and you
see on like the next Hill you see two
human figures on a hill one of them
is laying down maybe oh this isn't good
I like none of that
it looks like I mean if we think that's
gunfire it looks like somebody probably
shots shot somebody else because there's
two people up ahead and there's one guy
laying down he's resting yeah he's just
taking a nap and it's in there or delay
taking and out in the road
no they're off to the side okay they're
not actually they're not during there
there are a little ways off the road but
there are like on it clear they're in a
clearing okay are you gonna keep going
forward or are you gonna point that you
pointed them out to them right yeah I
pointed out to them I'm like sure we put
it out to the driver but my morality
says we should stop and help but my
instincts are telling me we should keep
I'm hiding in the back I'm just saying
the trucks have like a thing you could
pull and talk to the front yeah so yeah
I'm gonna
Jackson Alliance it's like pointy like
yeah if you point out to him he's gonna
like them that direction no I don't want
to go in that direction
Jackson allies can go in that direction
but I don't need to all right so he's
he's gonna stop the trucks and he's
gonna go out and help those people all
right I'm gonna go I'm gonna go see
what's going on okay I'm going with him
okay it's anybody else going I'm
stepping out there's no more gunfire by
the way stepping outside is that what I
feel leaning up against him and every
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Bank I still have a handle of my
stiletto just in my hand ready to go
about two football fields away okay so a
pretty good ways away all right I'm
creating a barrier with the food and the
barrels and things to be like let me let
me see if I can make myself invisible
yeah but it doesn't what you see is a
man holding a kneeling down and holding
somebody who's lying on the ground all
right so we're getting closer he and I
okay he doesn't he's like not
reacting at all until you're about 50 60
feet away he like snaps up and looks at
you and like levels our rifle he says in
Spanish Jax Elias will translate he says
come no closer leave my boy alone we
weren't done enough we want to help if
all right Jackson busts out some Spanish
and makes his Spanish roll the guy you
can make psychology rolls if you're you
can I guess you're the only one who's
here Samuel means here you can make a
psychology roll I'll try I don't have
much nope alright Jackson makes the NPC
roll yeah okay is freaked out and look
at the kid mm-hmm
the kid has a very familiar wound starts
down here and is super gaunt man he's
like shaking and and and you know
clearly unwell clearly been attacked by
a car Cirie mm-hmm clearly not in good
shape and I think that's where we're
gonna end it tonight ooh
we'll find out what happens next week oh
that's gonna do it thanks everybody once
again for watching and thanks Thomas
okay yeah what do we sit down at or
thrower for because we have a great you
for colleague Cthulhu yeah all right
then one so one goes in there oh it's
like fling it I she missed the book uh
there we're putting one in we'll have
two inspiration at the start of next
session and we will pick up here with to
see what happened to pour a Julio and
Domingo their names that is their names
they it's clear that they think you are
Cara Siri I mean literally it makes
sense I'm a white woman crazy white
people
yeah that's we'll see you next Wednesday
thanks so much again and check out all
of the awesome quests and chaos stuff
we'll be back in studio on Saturday
taping some gloom Haven that will me out
sooner or later
yeah it's something that they can't wait
for that and I think we've got some some
more board games coming up so we will
see everybody soon thanks for playing
with us
you
