Kind: captions
Language: en
you
hello internet friends and welcome to
quests and Cthulhu these are the things
I think about when you know I'm sitting
on Bart
what's our GI Joe joke today you have to
wait okay there you go
we're already far afield so tickets what
one minute I think he sets it up every
week to get us to laugh at the beginning
I think so and then make you cry two
hours
[Laughter]
so we're we're playing massive nayeth
otep we are in the Peru chapter thank
you so much for your comments your likes
your subscriptions we are yeah we are
only seven followers seven twitch
followers away from giving away either
some D&amp;D Flores and Call of Cthulhu swag
so you know get in that following we've
got our book of inspiration which I'm
going to block this camera every time I
it's an actual book it's kind of cool
and it's a tin right now the last time
we played we are left with two
inspiration yes I'm from the Baroness
you don't get dehydrated O's anymore
it's Brees
he called them a mess a month if you
throw one the other one gets hurt it's a
whole we have a mailing list it's super
exciting you can go to our website
probably quests in chaos comm sure don't
add the probably no I want to make a
website called search engine it's just
welcome to old search engine week last
thing very exciting if you were watching
Tuesday's show we had a cool special
guest we had my gosh had nor have games
in the house their luck deck has been
screwing up all of our indie games
Thomas won't adapt one for Cthulhu he
won't let me do it I was like why can't
we do it yeah I would take a look at it
doesn't I'm thinking about how we can do
it but so Nord games make a colorful new
put Marmaduke on the cover yeah
so what's Marmaduke I mean II actually
he's not a Duke it's like marma Markie
or something contests the nice Vega Nord
games if you go to their website you
know probably Nord gaming LLC okay
board games LLC calm and you use the
code chaos you can get 15% off whatever
you order which they've got some very
cool stuff there I when I was watching
that that meet the height already starts
[Laughter]
[Music]
special we must destroy it's just my
destro impersonation just realize we are
Thank You Baroness for your thousand
bits I need some water make sure your
voice hurts after that wow that's good
so last time I am at rent that I am last
time you started on your expedition out
to this pyramid in the middle of nowhere
you went to visit Larkin you're your
nominal boss / crazy gaunt guy augustus
Larkin you found him coked out of his
veins like a Tuesday yeah just like a
Tuesday it was Harold you know in in the
neverending and the never-ending chance
to not make sure we get no momentum
going at all let's see what did we did
Bo we did Williams what was it Christian
Christian has been alright well I'll
call these three Chris alright so wait
Bo Chris Williams but he said I have to
do destro so that so sometimes when you
do impersonations you have like a
trigger word that likely clocks you
inducer like when I do walk and it's so
yeah yeah did it but so a destro it's
cool bro come on ba the door that's so
good
underwater that's gold it was the
underwater no that was the Superfriends
I'm gonna watch this show just to hear
where your voices are coming under well
next jump on quests and cast we start
our streaming watch through them every
episode of GI Joe with commentary we're
gonna call it now you know knowing is
half the battle
alright that's enough of that
so Larkin coked out of his mind he was
being guarded by be certainly dead never
to reappear again never actually murder
him this time who was clearly a Cara
Seri and improved that by trying to
carve into your chest I still feel it
and there was a large gunfight in knives
well mostly I was like Amy managed to
find eight who managed Amy managed to do
the thing you always do in Call of
Cthulhu get up I found a magic item I'm
gonna put it on nothing bad had long so
be reading books later she had a series
of visions of more or less yeah they
made sense to her greasy white tentacles
mmm-hmm that was the second choice for
the name of this area
twitch said that might not against their
code of calm welcome to quest and chaos
we do tend to go fill out here no and
the last word that you heard on the mask
was trust Larkin and then after that I
was like who so then you went back into
little-known 80's pro wrestler de
Mendoza also coming soon on question
chaos I just know we're we just asked
Thomas to spell words
[Laughter]
very exciting make it Cthulhu reading
beware son your word is carrion crawler
would you like to know how many times I
had to listen tonight to nyla thought up
in order to figure out how to pronounce
him for the podcast intro I still can't
was there like what was there like a
YouTube yes there was somebody says now
your little 7 to 10 that is similar
twice they say it's science it's like
Emma print out Emma says or something
like that I'll find it I'll get in the
sack don't lay it backwards all it says
is Paul is dead oh I thought said
Marilyn so tough as well so I'm trying
to get out of the habit of calling him
young yet because I might get us
murdered it could very well it look good
very well you you managed to kill de
Mendoza no yep sure dead and it was only
later on that you found out that bye-bye
myth everyone says that the Cara Siri
are unkillable they're deathless they
only know hunger and you you know didn't
really check his body because you I
believe as is usual for you you fled the
scene shortly yes you bribed a policeman
like you do miss over here it's good to
be the back and then the next day you
left town you loaded up in three trucks
and you drove all the way to the city
the name I'm forgetting of Cunha you
know thank you I'm a professional a
local medicine a minute that's who
talked told you a great deal about the
car Siri told you something about the
pyramid as well and gave you sort of
ways that you could whoa traditionally
you could ward off the Cara Siri which
Jackson had already learned a couple of
them the
if you sprinkle a certain collection of
herbs on your doorstep not those herbs
worn but go for that one I mean but
there was another one about where you
placed a lantern on this the fact that I
don't remember it should not tell you
how effective it is at all in the
Setting Sun yes facing the outside of
your house so that they don't come into
your house if your hotel you're screwed
well you're always exactly that's how
they get you
so you you then set off from puyol
towards the pyramid and you know that
it's you you know pretty much exactly
where this pyramid is according to yes
naira
era and we just gently pointed our
mansplaining friend think that he led us
and you know that the first day you can
take trucks but after that it's probably
going to be on foot and in the trucks
are going very slowly because the
Peruvian Highlands and so you're
essentially trailing for our five pack
animals better you're gonna load all
your stuff on and take on probably
burrows but it you know maybe an alpaca
could be thrown in there yes I want a
donkey okay that's what a burro is okay
I want enough she failed her Spanish
role she heard she just heard burrito so
so yeah you you you took off and about
about three in the afternoon you started
to hear some gunshots heard I heard four
or five rifle shots and you came upon a
you came over a rise and over to the
left out in a a clearing you saw two
people one on lying on the ground the
other like standing and watching and
being the heroes that you are you all
had a truck Jackson Elias
gotta help those people not at all
because he's an NPC and drives plot and
luckily somebody else decided to follow
along and you proceeded as you got
closer you saw that the person who was
standing had now started kneeling over
the person that was that hadn't fallen
and you you noticed that they were
totally transfixed and and and depressed
and sad about that until you got to
about fifty feet and then all of the
sudden they like snap to in a panic and
started like threatening you with the
and since now apparently this is now
we're doing like Casey Kasem we're
getting like people are giving like
requests yes Rachel just says yay psy is
back again not out of the joint account
your business problem is starting to
like she's got a secret bits account
secret I have 20 bucks put aside every
week firm for for natural one wow man I
need better friends hear that Rachel she
does 20 bucks a week we want to go to
Europe in October Europe giving bits
I don't know hmm I mean Europe though
never been your juice right I hear it's
lovely just that time year so that's
where we cut off last time so we're
gonna come back there with me being
threatened and just be like an older
gentleman with a rifle dressed pretty
very plainly an a younger probably a
teenager maybe 14 who has clearly been
attacked by a Cara Siri yeah he has the
telltale wound in his chest and he's
super gaunt but he is alive this this
this person is like moaning and like and
the gentleman with the with the rifle
only speaks Spanish and
help Jackson said that he was saying
come no further
mm-hmm you've done enough but he keeps
he thinks for cars sir you can make a
spot hidden roll okay nope under conned
a couple weeks ago and I was running a
game and somebody goes you know you keep
saying I could make it you should say I
can attempt it yeah do it do we want to
save a spot hidden in the truck for why
not we're building your build is a
barricade is actually to proof that I
made back and I watch emma is taking
boxes out of the truck and like making a
wall 45 I spot Doritos you know what you
spied blockades before they were late
madame dress up outside she was like
sleeping with it holding a three-foot
metals golden stick curled up in the
corner gold you outline the things
almost as tall as she is yeah use it
yes I am consistent at 25 pounds what a
big purple do we do we want to inspire
my spot hidden kind of more close to the
pyramid saying would be important I am
indifferent on the subject do we have
one two three four six seven eight oh
eight Wow well we started with two and
then we'll just catch it at us sure
money to make money yes watch me to fail
it's lower and at 69 it's gotta be worse
and at least it's a good joke there you
go so everything's fine the guy with the
gun is is panicked and Jackson's like
well what's Jackson oh you failed the
NPC role so yeah he you are at
something to an impasse he's like what
do I tell him you feel like you have
can you ask when this happened
so yeah pass the guy and he says it like
it like 20 minutes ago 20 minutes ago
did did he see the person who did this
the thing that did this so he asked that
and you see the farmer like point off
like away from the road mm-hmm I mean no
I'm and then like you notice that the
farmer like now you don't need to make
the spot him rule the farmer is like
starting to like wonder why car city
would ask this what's the trick here and
then really what it is is as you know as
never told you
Cara Siri are according to what they
believe they're always white men and
being a white woman yeah they're they're
confused by that and I'm certainly not
gone I'm tiny but I'm not gone yeah yeah
no there's no such thing as a gone to
opera singer they're all freaking muscle
that's right yeah so so yeah they're
he's you know he's sort of not at ease
in what you know he's not pointing the
rifle at you right um
did he see the cursor he says I shot
them well done
apparently Jack says that that's his son
hmm there that that was set on by the
car Siri and his son was like watching
the
the son like he heard his son cry out
and he came running and he drove the car
Assyria off with a gun with you know
with was shooting it well done can he
describe the car Cerie at all because
I've only known about one car serie in
in the neighborhood and I'm real
interested about there being another one
so the guy the jegos he asked if we're a
car a serie we're not so the the farmer
like looks at you and and and justice
and like has his hands day and he says
ports before the end he said help okay
no now he's gonna let me get close to
the kid yeah okay I'm gonna go
without letting Jackson near the kid
she's making explosives in the pocket
full of soil so I'm gonna like kneeled
down next to this kid and like can I can
I like pull his shirt open have a look
at with you or not and see so the only
car the the the you've seen - Cara Siri
wounds in the wild caustic laying them
out and and her and this looks like her
wound okay so it was a feeding not a
passing on a work that's right
okay and the kid looks like you know
ever just like it looks like all the fat
has been sucked from his body but he's
alive yeah the kid is alive he's weak
yeah he's bleeding mm-hmm you can do
first aid - sure why not nope I mean how
bad I got a 75 now I called you didn't
fumble it no I didn't fumble it I did
not stab this we did three
um okay so you three opinion I like turn
around and yell for Octavia yeah yeah so
you three at the truck see you see she
steps forward and she's like over the
kid and and leaning down debt to do
something Elias is still sort of
standing back and then turns right and
she yells you know hey help I grab the
kid okay alright and then I'll take
whatever you need in the meantime while
they were doing that I was gonna just
how much you think I'm like I'll bet you
five bucks that Jackson gets shot what
do you think for Jackson before I go
out there I turn to you and I say we've
got to figure out a way to keep Larkin
from the pyramid we have to stall think
on that and then I go out okay Larkin
on-q marketing comes around from the
first drug is why have we stopped
I'm not there money said there's someone
who's been hurt
where oh no there's a young boy in the
road and a very upset there so they're
all a little ways there okay just over
bu Oh No well well by all means yes we
must have must help them do we see
Larkin is Larkin shirt open can we say
is Ted he's wearing his okay good again
okay okay so I'll drag water or whatever
you need min yeah alright so you can
make a first aid role taking about no no
all right well barely missed it okay um
I know one yeah like three I actually be
willing to spend some look for that okay
I always encourage you alright so so you
make it you have stabilized the kid you
give him a d3 back so give him half a d6
back oh shoot I didn't put my D threes
that's right one okay but you've
stabilized him you know you found his
what you you you gave him some bandages
and he's you know the kids not in great
shape but you feel like he could you
could
him now okay a firmer burrito Sarah we
can eat yes
yeah not sure you have a burrito but you
know some food and you okay so you feed
the kid and don't take some water and
he's he's I mean again not in great
shape
yeah the father like thanks you
profusely and and and Jackson now is
sort of close enough to be a translator
and he says that that his name is
Domingo and then this is his son Julio
and they were out looking for one of
their lost alpaca and I need to get my
boy home uh-huh wait will you will you
help me everybody make us everyone
critical snotty me 293 Wow okay so
alright you are going into dice jail
most of you guys out you know you you as
you're talking and you're helping the
kid like you just sort of look over and
way way way in the distance probably
more than a half-mile away
you just see two little figures going up
a hill like trudging they look like
people or just big they do look like
people all right who's the closest
person juice all right motion when she
points them you see them yeah
to two figures they're they're just like
trudging up a hill a way in the
direction that the guy pointed for the
car Siri we're going I think human or
could go either way
I suspect it's what attacked this young
boy want to follow it not particularly
at this moment she's like no we also
have a bigger problem it means there's
two great we've got Jackson Elias yeah
mate sorry
I like the way you think about solar
boom sticks you've got plenty of
dynamite that's true
should we done what we bought a frame is
appropriate can we commandeer I think we
should commandeer a truck and go after
these guys so it's the truck would not
not walking that's not what pack animals
are for did you bring that off out of
the truck isn't it like it's a hidden
beti to go in the desert okay we are in
the mountains it's kind of cold
everybody make a psychology even nope
[Music]
okay everything's fine nobody made it
right
nope oh it's fine everything's looking
at nobody
okay thanks Frank okay so so how can we
help him get his kid home desert is
there a pack animal we can help him
hoist him on to so he offers he offers
that if you you know he can if you come
back to his farmstead that he can put
you up for the night and you won't have
to like camp the first night which you
know you know how old I am favorite idea
I can't so lantern on nothing
yeah you know and well humming tempos
they're like lanterns tell Jackson say
Barry he's dragged honey about that
yeah so just so we're clear you will
lose the track of those two car serie if
you do this do we want to do it sort of
hundred - yes very we almost got
ourselves - we almost got ourselves
murdered dead with with one car sory
yeah yeah to kill well he was a sub boss
one of them is injured for sure though
okay he was shot or at least was - water
was he scared that's all
oh yeah Domingo says I I the only reason
he stopped was I shot him in the head
whoa oh nice but yet walking up a hill
I forget was fine things great shot in
the legs or you know yeah shot him in
the legs and just cut the head off yeah
okay so do we want to chase down the
cars hurry because we'll lose them well
Lou its traffic I feel like they're
going to the pyramid we also don't know
how to kill them all so they set him on
fire we could end up in the vampire nest
and roll from their shoulders and
they're gonna come back and eat us
anyway so why waste the effort I don't
have to chase them they're gonna find me
anyway
why Ryan it was die tires there I'll
need a long rest
you take that back that's the problem
with having two DMV shows before the
call of cool remember the call of
cthulhu show if you take a five
footsteps so help me I'm sorry okay so
you're gonna go spend the night at the
Hat Larkin loves this idea okay Larkin's
like how does Larkin how's this guy
reactant how's that Domingo reacting to
Larkin another white man who's he's
cleared he's giving him some space but
you've mean why would you be traveling
with a Cara Siri you know that's that's
his question and and once Larkin breaks
out a bottle of brandy yeah yeah so so
sure the trucks grown down the road and
actually this farm is about where the
trucks would need to stop anyway perfect
so the drivers are like so we'll just
stay here with the trucks mm-hmm you
know lots of blankets it'll be cold
tonight yep no no we're gonna stay I
mean like tonight they probably can't
stay inside because there's it's not
that big a house you know small but
he'll you know Domingo because you put
up saved his son but I'm in the barn
Domingo is going to you know he's gonna
make room for everybody inside
especially you have blankets and stuff
like that so you can you can make that
work
so you spend a very comfortable night
there's a delicious stew mm is the
lantern hanging in the right direction
you make sure of it okay
no but was was what's-his-name doing
that no there's actually most of the
light in this house comes from
fireplaces there aren't okay
but you hang one you know when should we
tell them well that's up to I'm not
saying anything but that's up to if the
story's going to start to get a little
out of control I mean if they drink
enough we should just tell him
everything anything Larkin Larkin is
very into he's like three time
yeah he's drinking and he's he's telling
stories about you know the the pyramids
that he they found in Ecuador and all
this stuff and the the pieces they
brought back to the to the natural
museum in New York all this stuff so I'm
gonna say to you if you guys tell the
story
don't let them don't let him know that
it's about Larkin or us it's just I
heard a story or something like that I
really don't want to get killed tonight
exactly I'm telling I'm asking for Brent
told me I heard about this man long way
he's not in this room he's heard the
herb thing before he hadn't heard the
lantern one but and he asked if he could
have one of your lanterns alright so um
ooh
so I asked Jack what's his name Jesse
Jesse Jesse whatever huge Jesse he was
that said I was like Holmes Jackson
does he think cars here you can fly I'm
just just oh god you don't know what
they can do the two cars really what
those two that we saw walking why would
they be walking if they could fly I
don't I wouldn't walk if I could find
this is true that's a statement for life
doula statement lifetime goals through
yeah so you know okay and you're you
make the point you know when you make
that point you know you use like C just
because sensical yeah I'm liking the
brand because it's good no expense on
the alcohol there's good stuff I try to
go outside for some fresh air okay oh my
god is so drunk he doesn't even notice
yeah just like there was a brothel scene
on Monday nothing it was interesting all
right so your outside okay there are you
see that the drivers are busy loading up
the pack
with stuff it seems kind of random to
you what they're putting in there like
you know there's not a plan they're just
like maybe that'll go there dynamite
okay sure you know right next to the
matches this won't end in tears bond and
barbecue shirts just like chicken
probably how many of you have slept
outdoors oh yeah in in character yes the
opera singer has slept outdoors shocking
isn't done so only Emma yeah all right
okay I was just asking for no it's it is
very chilly outside hmm
it is it's probably gonna get down to a
thirty it's gonna get it's gonna get
very cold so you aren't very happy to be
inside with a fire mm-hmm need dad as
well as we're outside I have a complaint
get wrapped around my shoulders how are
these men confused by its 1920s ladies
don't sleep outside Larkin I don't think
he should go near the pyramid oh that's
right we were supposed to talk about
this okay yes oh yeah like you were
you know and I agree I think I mean I
mean you said we you know yeah it's
gonna die well he was very sure he's
gonna die if we didn't de Mendoza tell
me that he's marked and that that was no
Larkin told me that that was his mark
the day Mendoza gave him yes you know
what we forgot what we forgot
Shifu that too they're getting stronger
we forgot to ask the neighbor about
about the the bloody tongue oh yeah
you're right
stars and stones oh well you know she'll
probably be there when you get back yeah
okay everyone else you've met so you're
letting me go into that head into that
house first right no I'm gonna die if we
let him go in there I think he needs to
be sedated until we get the information
we need he's keeping him well okay like
I said yeah we can just give just extra
little dose of heroin and he'll be out
alright cuz we all know we're doing
there but he's I have no idea what
you're talking about what do you know
what I mean well he should even be near
so here are crazier ideas
Jackson Eliza's in here so I need to
take over what happened just just go
with me on this one all right
what happens if all the car series sort
of have this little network and so de
Mendoza actually communicated with any
of the khari serie that are out here
that their mark is now traveling this
way like what happens if there's a
bigger hive and they know he's coming
what like I think telepathically or
something I don't know how they do it
I'm not the vampire ask for expert Aston
that has that one no thank you
I am I am NOT here for our nation
vampires telepathically speak to each I
am NOT here for that conversation I do
not have enough alcohol okay so with us
75 intelligence today this respect
although this would be like we got it
was hard occult role they are the heart
of Cotrell yeah okay hey occult lady 600
hands a Niner yeah so noise so you got a
critical success so I'm saying a little
thing she's like she's like maybe
vampires communicate telepathically and
you know a Cara Siri aren't really
vampires and because
my heathered same thing that one's
Jackson is his fault I think but there's
nothing yeah but he's kids they keep him
around
up until up until recently like you both
know that the folklore about the car
sory that they were mindless and they
knew only hunger yeah that's it
something changed ten years ago
according to Nehru right so so you know
my I mean telepathy wouldn't really help
mindless things right but they're also
now mindful so me so who knows who knows
what she knows what else they may have
developed at the same time as they
developed a brain well most cultures
that have deities that worship they have
some way of feeding or offering
sacrifices that kind of thing and that's
why I'm saying so you're I completely
agree that you should stronger with each
sacrifice yeah the door between the
world and Larkins sacrifice and so I'm
concerned that the rest of the car Syria
that are in this neighborhood know that
Larkin is here and on his way and that
we're just basically huge targets I'm
going home
we've honestly been target is real and
intelligence targets and all three of
you like but they were walking away from
us and I just kept no no we're trapped
we're sitting ducks and they're out for
us that's a good point they they didn't
feed on any of us well they tried but no
I was in his way then that and that was
more to the point yes and this this kid
got Fenelon kill him he was in the
middle of probably completing some kind
of prep he was over at him standing
remember to eat that's why you Andy
that's why yes I love doing something
that was important yes and no because he
wasn't he wasn't feeding on Larkin no
there's not a lot on Larkin you know
does did we notice going back a little
ways if if Larkin had a
there was no wound like you would
recognize yeah because we saw this chat
and the wound would have stood out yeah
but he's super gaunt he is very and
although his colour to be more like I'm
sick gaunt you know so he so he lost a
lot of weight because it's kind of
consumption yeah
consumption and and yeah he's gonna be
okay sorry what other dumb ideas can i
okay so okay alright sorry
mmm-hmm I'm assuming another why do
agree with leaving mark in here though
Oh leaving him at the farmhouse well
that's what I'm saying I could pay this
guy and say can you please make sure
woods Farber the syringe what could
possibly go nothing
everything well here's a question could
you have a better idea and then catch
some light Leo's here I don't know I
have a better idea
yeah to go along with all the great
ideas I've had so far today what happens
if we set up like a base camp and he is
exactly until we set him up like a nice
tent and a desk and the whole situation
and then let's just check in with him
and he stays at base camp ins in the map
yes I know an idea here I see we're
going there's one problem I don't know
if there's something in the pyramid
drawing him oh do you think there is oh
absolutely
why would he continued going on the
scene money money thing but a lot of
money yeah especially with all the
artifacts he could take it out
psychology a degree in psychology but
obviously he's he's got a he's got
yeah I mean he's the
[Laughter]
we have padlock your tent shut great
just lift the tech wall in your out
cellar underneath the arm house feels
like double him there great idea this
would be very against his will
yeah yes well that's I'm saying and the
drivers would probably have some
questions cuz Larkins the one that's
paying them yes but he's already paid
how did Dave oh come on Mahad a diamond
Oh take it away with people you dumping
on Ben what now how did D Mendoza get
away with being the strong man and
telling everybody what to do
by being a strong angry man alright so
there's that threatening everyone really
got him far you know his way with words
[Laughter]
back to see I think we can trick him I
think we can figure something out to
yes I would have a problem today's a
modern actually more firms keysmith I am
I am ambivalent on the subject of Larkin
dying if he does he's an idiot I don't
care much about humanity in the first
place so fair who were jaded we're so
young and so Jada yes that song might be
owned by somebody don't give us in
trouble
no thank you the 19 what was that I
don't know okay
anyway sorry it's it's parodies and it's
under fair use this whole this
whole day has been Perry so apparently
not to trap Damon to it
no not trap Larkin wish you got Jackson
Alive's on that I build the trap he's
coming here totally do that
yes the next morning you have a lovely
breakfast there's a hearty breakfast and
it's still chilly but you know the pack
animals have all been loaded up and
holding their load all night those poor
things
yeah it looks like most it looks like
most of them maybe two-thirds of the
gear that was in the truck has made it
onto the the the pack most of your
personal gear is there you know maybe
one of your trunks didn't make it that's
it
and the trunk so the truck drivers are
gonna wait here they're gonna like pitch
tents here and you you guys have a you
have neighbors rough map of sort of how
you're gonna go about a half mile down
this road this road ends and it just
becomes path mm-hmm and the trucks could
go no further so you set out that
morning and you start to you're you're
basically leading donkeys and alpaca up
and down the hills
you know 7,000 feet in the air so the
the our we also like carrying packs or
yeah the altitude definitely is a factor
you know you're not making probably as
good a speed as as undead you know
[Music]
headless yet and so you you go most of
the day and it's starting to get dark
and and anybody who wants to can make a
natural world roll oh gods I might as
well I mean I mean it's ten percent
let's see what happens 92 so 297 right
behind I rolled a hundred you world a
hundred never seen this before so so
Alexandra's like we should camp here and
she finds a spot huh and about two three
hours later after dinner it's dark
you're all sitting around the fire how
everybody's gonna take one point of
damage
what you got really bad rolls don't look
at me
I got a twenty nine find you didn't yes
you did not camp in the best spot and
the rest of the night is a horrible
struggle and very uncomfortable
yeah and everybody make me a luck roll
well actually horse so let me ask the
question its it's the four of you in
Jackson Elias yeah and and Jackson's
like you know we know they're a Cara
Syria out there uh-huh
we should we should take watches all
right right okay no Emma's not taking a
9999 Wow
twenty-eight I'm told us by thirty
thirty-two I made us is dismissed it
critically
fumbled it that's great that's great all
right so I trust in the lamp I put my
trust in higher powers so I blame the
giant rod I'm still holding on yeah
you're laying by the fire so you start
to nod off you have like the worst watch
you're the like 3:00 to 5:00 in the
morning watch when you didn't get enough
sleep but you're standing you but you
got woken up and you're just like I want
all of a sudden you hear you hear the
bleeding of a donkey Oh bleeding donkeys
you're not here what is bleeding mean
bleating is the sound okay
stops there's like I'm right what do you
put it reverse I'm gonna get up and go
check the donkey but first I'm gonna
poke about to call you on trusting for
constantly picking characters whose
first names start with an A all right
[Laughter]
thought that was legitimately the only
one that I've broken away from that web
all right you want the goal Drive like
hey wake up gold drop time if you
weren't bells I would murder you right
now give up with the dead a lot better I
do I hear this because I just want to
know what does it all nice crema here's
the phrase donkey I'm not gonna say it
alright so you - yes let's go vote make
me listen oh hi why am i awake cuz
donkey screaming zombie scream 22
don't forget when you make a skill check
to check off the little box well I
actually mean this I'm gonna go every
eight identities I made this
sure okay you wait yeah never end to
found Garrido's yes I'm alright so you
you hear you hear it sounds like some it
sounds like a wild animal eating but it
sounds weird it sounds like a wild you
don't Adam elite and it sounds weird
it's like it doesn't sound quite right
yeah it doesn't
I mean it's there's a lot of like grunt
sort of guttural noises and other stuff
still on the donkey that's you you so
you're you're coming around on you
both of you make me a stealth roll oh
 Jesus
oh six I got a critical success all
right so that would make up for her so
you managed to you point out to her the
branch she was about to step on anything
and you come around the sort of the line
of animals and the you see a wild haired
crazy eyed white guy maybe Jackson no
it's not just he's got like he's got
like a hermit beard and hermit hair and
he's like wearing threadbare garments
and he is just locked on to one of the
donkeys
skaars hairy and like has he hasn't
noticed you and now the noise that you
heard this is now you come around this
and it's slightly illuminated by the
fire now the noise you heard is this
Cara Siri sucking all of something out
of the donkey as the donkey is like
certain just lying there like it's hand
lolling back and it's it's very gross
we've seen this six you're fine with
this
eighty-three all right so you lose one
okay it's a creepy thing to watch it
feed and so you you don't get a glimpse
of this but you with the failed rule you
get a glimpse of the sort of the weird
like - mouthing yeah okay as it's
drilling into well it's already drilled
into and now it looks like that that's
sort of the the old hose thing of like
they're above their bumps that are sort
of traveling through into the Cara Siri
that's so cool
right and it has not noticed you and and
you both I mean this does not seem like
the other chorus II know this one seems
legitimately wild and crazed and
mindless yes so easy to kill maybe
have you ever courted an animal it do
not has not at least you it's got
attacked
it's got it back to you just like you
know like do you think I would do
anything maybe it's just worth the shot
we don't have anything else to protect
us and everyone else is back there you
have the stick you were supposed to do
with this I'll let you make a string
fool
we set the strengthened for carrying all
this gold around know that
that's a good idea though let's let's
both go back to the fire and grab a
stick I have no idea how long it takes
to suck all of the body fat out of a out
of a burrow that my tits feels like Oh
take a while it apparently does not
notice you sneak away awesome
oh let's let's go get a piece of
firewood yes firewood so you two I mean
you're gonna wake them up or yeah I'm oh
yeah I'm gonna like kick mo on my way
past they wake you up and house they
wake you up Carson Alexander is pulling
this entire wood out of the fire oh and
I'll set it on fire you cut it cut off
yes yeah so yes we're grabbing flaming
sticks before we go
who said I wasn't a sitting target yes
who's right here okay now we can go it's
even the borough not us let's stop
arguing let's go all right who is gonna
go are you all going cuz Chevy one's
gonna go needs to make a stealth roll
again and and failed if you fail it it
could be bad notice could I go super
last after they go and mess stuff up if
they all make it
I'll give you advantage on the roll okay
so ladies I'll let them go first and we
got the little ferrets of the forest to
help us do you want to do that instead
yes because that alright so far they do
it remember your magic is sort of kind
of more ritual yeah do I have enough
time to I mean you don't know it takes
such a very much time but you can start
doing that yeah you're gonna start
calling on the spirits what so tell me
what you're doing so I'm gonna take out
my incense and my bad
yeah and then I'm going to chant spirits
of the forest come to me nettle help us
defeat this bloodthirsty monster that
didn't rhyme I was like I'm sure that
you're going for drow there's a wrong
game Wow the the currency rules in 99 to
not notice bells in China is super in
super balls it's not hearing a long way
no and so you're asking so this is
forest creatures not the spirit not some
sort of spirits yeah I thought your
magic was more connected to like the
spirit world well like the people who
died in the forest okay okay that's a
lot of people yeah that's what I assumed
right
because they've all been attacked by
carrot car serie and they might have
thought the lamb revenge
there you go okay make me a power roll
and we'll come back to you yeah it still
rolls what happened here
great didn't make it but not so bad I
rolled a 66 so I did not make it but it
wasn't a failure honey fumble rather all
right well it was like a the car ciri
rolled in 99 yeah okay 27 I got a 38 for
good like I'm not running in oh that was
the power rule 36 out of 60 okay noise
alright so yeah you I mean you don't
feel like you're being particularly
sneaky but you feel like the car serious
being particularly character focused
yeah so you are behind this not so gaunt
anymore figure alright you're just gonna
jam it with a torch yep okay make me an
unarmed a brawling brawling okay it's
down on your combat it's your very first
comment okay what weapon unarmed yes
okay yeah unless you have a torch skill
heard of that no I don't but although it
doesn't have any it doesn't have
anything for what it is for regular
harder extreme oh that's fine I don't
know what it's off of what don't tell me
what your skill isn't wool I've got em
how do you derive brawl just out of
curiosity cuz I know is it out of out of
fighting brawl yeah okay that's 25 then
okay
75 okay so do you come up with the torch
and the you know
once again the grim thing in front of
you you're coming up with the torch and
like for a brief second the donkey like
makes eye contact with you and just lets
out this little like piteous little
noise and then and that just throws you
off and you're just like ha and you like
stab at it with the spirit with the with
the torch firebrand and it it now it's
like starting to disengage okay but it's
a process it's like math is drilled in
there now you now you see it start to
like the reverse and it's kind of like
it's kind of like reverting back into
the mouth of the car Siri terrifying can
I swing my machete same thing right
fighting brawl that's gonna be nice nice
I don't it's on it would be under
fighting I do have it okay what no all
right so but it's not a critical all
right so yeah you come up and and you're
being a little careful because you know
Alexander's fairly close there so you
might like do the full body swing and
this is more of a stab which is never a
great thing to do with a machete but you
you stab into its arm and your machete
all right we're gonna go to we're gonna
actually you haven't done anything so
you do something and then we'll go to
Dex so I have no idea how to do knife
but I do want to swing at it
okay so angle of base of 25 yeah just a
roll thing oh dude machetes counters
knives excellent cuz that's where I put
my point in sell for 40 No okay so mmm
that's a Miss so you do have a lot of
inspiration and I love it when Amy uses
inspiration who's ahead in failures oh
you care if I keep the streak alive
there you go
[Laughter]
more acutely aware that dr. Aldridge was
you two have been ineffective and she's
like I got this
and she just charges for like sweeping
the machete in front of her do I like
Peter duck or something she she barely
misses you
perhaps glad I stay back all right now
we're gonna go here I'm gonna pull up
some stats here cuz I'm a real GM why I
just don't I don't just make everything
up okay 80s I can't remember what your
highest Dex is 75 75 pcs go first
okay I'm going to make a machete attack
okay so you're dropping the torch no I
have one in buy one buy their hand I am
NOT setting the jungle on fire today
I appreciate you far away it's more like
grassy hilly I am NOT setting the grass
on fire it looks like it wouldn't yeah
oh that is a very critical success nice
I got a 2 out of 15
Oh
what is a machete doesn't d8 I said eh
so you're gonna do max damage so you're
gonna one dat lesson lost your damage
bonus I don't have that okay so you do
eight points so you like take a big
chunk out of it his neck you know since
you're trying for that you're all trying
for the head cut off absolutely which is
the problem there are three cooks in the
kitchen heaven and you take a big chunk
out of the neck and once again there's
no blood but make a let's say make a
sanity roll oh great if you make it
everything's fine
nope all right so you take a huge divot
out of the neck and and in you see like
inside you see that whatever that mouth
thing is kind of going back down its
throat so you see like the open space
filling in with like rows of teeth and
you lose a point of sanity nope from
nope nope that was also on a 70 crazy
old prospector car series gonna go and
he's he still disengaging he has he's
gotta make a look oh no he makes he's
done so he like fully disengaged and
like he's got like he's got like scary
old guy fingernails that are like you
know they're like they're yellow and
long but they're square kind of weird
and so he just turns her out and he
starts scratching all three of you make
me luck rolls I can defend with my
machete I'm carrying video yep yes what
am i ruling against luck also make an
argument for decks so he comes 46 he
comes at MIT not so lucky
oh it's a here somewhere you should make
a dodge roll whoo so every combat every
combat round what is my dodge based on
apparently somebody care about it's time
it's half your desk yeah now okay I get
I get you get Claud yeah I get some sure
you take six points of damage
Oh
 so so he has you don't get caught
he just locks his hands around your
throat and he is just like
single-mindedly
oh yeah I want to die now so he has his
hands are on your throat and you see his
mouth starting to like twist nope nope
oh you mess with mine what my friend
seventies sixties 50s 40s 40s
Wow alright we'll go this way first get
off my friend alright make a machete
coffins arms I don't think I was gonna
get it done alright
once again you're trying to be careful
around around do your friends and so
you're a little too precise and you
don't make it what do you got needed the
nuts all right it's wrong I'm stood
still 25 all right god no I still don't
make it would you roll 38 all right so
you you swear it's that if this thing
had a man yeah he would be rolling on
the ground
okay so McNeal mmm-hmm yeah make me a
luck roll he said we gotta up the squid
factor a little oh you just you drive
your knee into his groin and for a brief
moment you see you seemed like oh god do
I throw back up but but he managed to
hold it in and continues to like try to
carve into you 30 okay so you made your
power roll so everybody who is there um
make eighth make a sanity roll god no
just just Jezebel right now
50 nope okay all right so it's so so
inspiring that you are inspired by
raishin okay do you inspire okay I'm
just saying don't ya know go that way
all right come on come on let's roll
those 41 better better better did you
make it did you make it know what are we
guys what am i rolling yes what do you
spend look your said no the first one
put that back the first one was fine
your sanity is up here oh oh it's
definitely you're fine
everything I was looking at look I'm
sorry don't worry no worries okay I made
it alright so here here's how here's how
we're going to sort of I'm totally
making this any better you know you've
got this sort of connection to the
spirit world I think it's really neat
but it's based on your sanity and it's
based on your connection to the spirit
world so the more that you myth so
missing sanity roles makes your magic
better because you have to forget the
sort of everyday world the mundane to be
able to connect with that world so you
made the sanity role and so you know
what you get you get an image of you
call for the spirits of the dead you get
an image of a a golden pyramid on a
plateau there's a golden pyramid on a
plateau and next to the pyramid is a pit
full of dead bodies oh and the top of
the pyramid opens like a Cara Siri mouth
oh so like you know you're like you're
like I'm calling the spirits and then
you're I don't want to call on those
Furies they might be a little bit too
angry so like we're gonna do is we're
gonna say if you make the sanity roll
then you're you're still suck
stuck in the mundane world direction to
the spirit I like that so when you fail
the sanity roll you know you've managed
to transcend the mundane world and now
you're in that spirit world where the
spirits will do your bidding
Oh
need to lose sanity mm I think this
round the burrowing could begin I'm
damn it just over all right you could
spend luck now don't forget you could
also push the role suicide this is a new
I I introduced this new rule last time
if you fail a role you can push for
success and what that means is you're
essentially gonna double or nothing
you you you give me a reason a story
reason for how you're sort of adding
more effort or you're trying you know
you're doing something new to try and
get a better chance with that and then
you're gonna roll again if you make it
you've got a success no problem if you
fail it something bad is gonna happen
but I have to make like a hard success
no no you could just make a normal
success oh yeah I didn't realize that ya
know the push doesn't have to be a level
of success higher or anything like that
you just have to succeed but if you fail
something bad will happen bad will
happen and in this case that something
bad might be take off my friend's head
it could be a begin life that is for
sure just never forgive guilt is what
the cap or trail we're trying to save em
from the word I am down for info anyone
else anyone seconds but I'm alright just
save a comrade I pushed my luck last
time I'm tired of pushing my luck that
was worse it was not a critical fail
that I'm starting to turn into a race
genius like meters ahead of man
inspiration chips cursor some but it is
us Yanks all right I mean I didn't I I
did not fumble I got a 76 over here yeah
I didn't stab Emma I was entirely
focused on her okay it's clear that it
didn't get its if like so your
this thing in the RF this thing is
mindless it is just a mindless beast
yeah all it has is hunger and you're a
much better meal than a donkey so well I
do during the day I actually before
super not remember where I heard things
like Robinson Crusoe or something like
that something like shipwreck NBC's
Hannibal was like my favorite show so
Silence of the Lambs is right got it now
poor guy is not clearly not the best car
serie out there well you know he's -
he's a miner so he like his mouth starts
to like just end like that make me a
sanity roll is young are faced with it
has to do a thorough alright so you're
fine with this oh yeah oh six I'm
totally fine O'Brien anybody that would
have been a Colin roll yeah I called it
so so he like starts to jab at you with
his promise kiss and he is unsuccessful
take that back I think that put it where
there's so much machete on me what go I
saw my machete right sure
yeah he's quite close I'll give you
advantage on the attack well my attacks
suck can I just sort of wedge the
machete between me and his mouth I just
want to do you to use inspiration again
that's really what this is all about no
but nobody somebody save me help me put
on right try and get her machete plan
she goes somebody save me actually could
I have a pseudo double move after that
it doesn't affect I just just I just do
my other move my other in finish move I
just turned into floppy noodle at this
point I'm just like alright can I make
like are you gonna try and tackle yeah
did like pull him away sure make short
round it will call her an opposed
strength rules okay so he's quite strong
that's fine he doesn't seem like David
dozers strong but he did not roll well I
totally made it alright so yeah I have
you back there on 43 I know you you like
behind him has put him in some sort of
like wrestling holds you're like pulling
him off how are you sir
I don't know press I especially with the
whole vase in this it's very Aikido she
it's a regimen she there's this guy with
a whip who used to take me on adventures
all the time you know what that was
we've already established our okay those
are the 40's so he's been pulled away
yeah so on a thirty you come back from
that vision okay and and you do not want
any part of the spirits in this no I
have a machete so I'm just gonna run it
drag it goes in this like so yeah you
come you turn right you come around the
corner yeah make me a knife roll how do
I do
fighting up to top of there your skills
under F there's knife okay no we don't
have nice oh she might have knife I've
got gun in firearms and gun rifle shot
Mike under look down at the very bottom
like I specifically wrote in guys yeah
well that's the damage what's your your
attack is your 20 is 25 years okay 500
yeah that totally hit so rolls Lordy
eight chemical it's a fifth yeah yeah
it's a date alright yeah you okay
damn how do you have line use the always
last week here's your Sandro all right
so you come tearing around the corner
you have the thing going and and you you
get a little too excited and there's
some height issues so you swing and
instead of the blade of her machete the
base of the machete just crunches into
the skull of this thing and you are
spattered with it's not gray matter it's
like white matter and you lose that kind
of
thanks crunch and and like his skull
just mcLeese
and and breaks and shatters and he
slumps oh yeah hey sit down
he he's not moving three of you together
in like a take its head up and then you
know set fire to those orbs all right
has any of you ever burnt a human being
nope yes wait what
[Laughter]
so you have I'm fine with that if you if
that if that is something your character
is done but twice
burning a human a takes a really long
time yes I me hobby smells disturbingly
like we're not bad okay like pork that's
this way that's are they called long Pig
okay so I've heard I was know too much
about this I have a friend whose
favorite form of entertainment is murder
podcasts that's me I like sir I have
like a favorite zero Cohen I have a
certain favorite like murderess do you
listen to of my favorite murder yes yeah
my friend Brittany that's her famous are
you okay oh yes yes hi I know who to
talk to if I need to make people
disappear burning this thing is yes
because because I'm not content with
just its head being removed I want to
make sure okay and you only have your
one campfire okay I imagine there's wood
around so you're in the plains you you
have where did we get okay you have wood
you brought firewood if you if we use up
too much though we won't have a fire
later yeah well what about if we what
happens if we stifle a little gas out of
the the trucks if we absolutely drives
away today that's right never I'm sorry
I thought they're high already siphoned
now that he's humbled you notice this
guy like is definitely bloated now he
was gaunt
but now he's like bloated all right
let's not set it on fire yes go smell
it's gonna explode it'll smell real good
and that's the problem the hair problem
make everybody can make an intelligence
role I work go drink well yeah I was
like I want to go wake up the old man
and be like we got it we got it we had
it 90 so did it again
whether or not it's alive you know
burying could be effective we have
separate as ahead from the bottom yeah
so yeah Berrien separates ba donkeys not
the donkeys going okay we need to bury
the dog yeah I'm gonna go get I'm gonna
go wake up let's are gonna dock you me
know the old dude so he's not with you
know the farmer the partner of the floor
is home every day away from you you rode
your stay in his house well we were last
night
yeah universe right now you're headed to
the pyramid okay know the roads the
roads are not trouble at this point so
oh yeah that's right yeah what about all
the stuff the donkey was carrying that's
gonna be a problem
mm-hmm you know what you know we're
we're gonna figure that out on our break
so neighbors I have excellent news
I have a question chaos mug yeah a
question chaos will get shiny mud for
one of you listeners all you have to do
is in the comments there right hashtag
mug or hashtag probably mug and pound
sign for those of you 45 I was 32 it I
still call it a pound sign sometimes
hashtag mug you can win this mug if I
don't break it by holding it by dropping
it this very mug can be yours
we're none of us will sign it and
that'll help a total increase its value
I got promised MA so do that we're gonna
take a break we will be back shortly
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Laughter]
no idea you're talking about mr.
recording our conversations during the
break because it'll be a great discord
thing just like leave it on during the
break it's informative in Casey's sure
sure informative we have a quote a quote
of the week opportunity perhaps come up
during the break we'll talk about that
at the end you know for those of you at
home that you know I like to give you a
view behind the scenes of this place
give you a sense of how classy quests
and chaos is class i I glanced down from
here from the GM spot that I reach down
and I find a bottle of an empty bottle
beer so the next time either Thomas or
beau seem like they're really we need
like a Thomas Campbell but it's good to
see is question chaos recycle yes we do
yes yep smells like beer everything was
fine
very exciting news we had a mug contest
perhaps you heard for those of you who
haven't just suffered head trauma
we had a mug contest before the break
and we have a winner
wait what he had a mug contest what you
know amy has suffered severe head trauma
so congratulations Seth yeah happy for
congratulations who was introduced to me
at dr. Kahn as our biggest fan and and I
thought well that is sad but then I got
to know him it is a super nice guy and
not just well no it's not his fault
we're just weird true I believe the
quote is mood so yeah we you just killed
a sad old conquistador who was a
mindless car Syria yellow squares man
snails like why are they squared off
it's not like we keep a kill tally so
nice no yeah that's true that's true
yeah that one's yours and Holly nice and
if de Mendoza is actually dead than that
and that was Jackson Eliza's oh my god
[Laughter]
that good was very loud I'm just glad
deafness isn't actually a thing in this
game otherwise we would have been
definitely the captions for yesterday
what's our strategy with the head are we
gonna put it on a spike to like Warren
other command into a lantern no I think
you should actually move I think it
should be your other walking stick at
the Hat like the little yes so you're
gonna put the head on top of the blow no
totally different stick Oh No who sticks
you know what no let's bury them in
separate places so we keep the head so
here's like that so this is a great time
to talk about the importance of hygiene
D&amp;D and Call of Cthulhu I mean yeah it's
gonna be called Cthulhu
you're not murder-hobos no you're human
you're actual human beings to whom the
thought of carving a head into a that's
what she started it with long Pig I mean
that's just me in normal life guys
that's what cultists do when they lose
all of their sanity things like that
become good ideas you are still human
beings it's one of the reasons why I
keep asking questions like
you ever killed someone these things
slowly eat away at your humanity and the
whole point of this game I don't trust
the head is it's a slow this you're
essentially trying to slow your descent
into madness your inevitable descent
into madness like sticking our
fingernails into what everything manage
we're sort of long discussions about
what we should do with bodies are gonna
make me start having you make sanity
rolls III hold that waitin the head and
the body are separated let's bury them
in two separate places and be done with
it time with her or destroy the head
actually I'm now much happier with the
head being destroyed does anybody read
test does anybody mind even though I'm
not a priest that we give it last rites
sure Oh both spots go ahead I just
appear I'm just super concerned that
like is this really dead
I know go ahead it's dead today but like
we need to like absorb it of its vampire
Ness and make it a human again and let
it soul go to heaven and do its thing
we can't so you didn't check de Mendoza
so this doesn't mean a ton but like the
body's not twitching or moving or the
wounds are not healing visibly anything
like that again you don't have a frame
of reference but you know everything is
dead everything you look at tells you
this thing is dead but yeah you totally
you you handle the body of my cane I'm
not gonna touch it but if somebody else
has soul I'll handle the body
good on you in Sokcho when you get the
last race there you you feel as if you
have freed a soul okay you feel that you
know so I feel less worried that's right
yeah that's gonna be last rites over
here because you know this was a
Catholic you know yeah even it it's
right it's final rest that it had it did
not have for hundreds of years so you
gain a sanity for this
[Applause]
[Laughter]
no but I'll give that to all the
integration only for you so yeah you can
the body and then so the next morning
you have to apportion some stuff and so
you have a choice you can as your
reapportioning things and things like
that you can choose to get rid of
I forgot Larkin was here all right you
can choose your Gary him hider you're
gonna have to carry more stuff which
will be for all of you or you're gonna
have to leave some stuff here
and your three options mm-hmm are I'm
not gonna you know the the I'm guessing
the 25 pounds of gold is going so I'm
not even at least at your three options
are to take less food take less alcohol
or take less dynamite take like Oh
Larkin is no more really against the
alcohol idea me too let's then drink all
of it and you Morgan if I'm ready to go
yeah well we're not gonna just leave it
here so he pops a bottle open and he's
like he goes to work all right have fun
and I push pretty guys and we think we
had a problem keeping him out of the
pyramid Britain bring enough to get him
like that really drunk we have to take
all the alcohol we have to well and we
ever get more at the store oversupplied
so you know none of you made the natural
world rolls so none of you are like
outdoorsman or outdoors people I'm a
city girl right so so I mean you this
feels like you know I need all this
stuff you probably don't
okay but you know none of you would be
the judge of sort of like we could
rations I mean yeah you can figure that
you can get by and I just want to make
clear that you know mm-hmm I know you
want to make this the food the alcohol
or the whatever
the gold what about ammo dynamite Oh
what Oh Thomas would never forgive us if
we left the data market is very against
getting ready alcohol means exit Elias
is very against getting my weight and I
don't want to I don't want this to turn
into some sort of like survivor island
where we're fighting for like the last
well that Omar then then let's all carry
a little bit more is there anything else
we can get rid of like is anybody
carrying anything you could get rid of
blankets yeah okay it's really great I
am NOT sleeping outside without play guy
there's no book so that's that's weird
there are no books now what there uh-huh
different Larkins room there were no
lights or books or anything there was no
scholarly one one thing that you know
you're gonna have to get rid of if
you're gonna bring stuff back you're
probably gonna have to dump stuff anyway
then yeah I must've dumped stuff at the
pyramid so you could probably dump food
now oh can we make a stash you you got
yeah there you go there we go okay so
you stash them you bury some food okay
my intelligence is worth something you
bury some food in you market with like a
can you make a little stone Karen with
like a red rock on top or something yeah
you can find this food no problem so
yeah good hold on what color's the rock
red red rock do i freak out about that
DUI I might yes
mmm-hmm yeah you you're uncomfortable
with when they place that red rock on
top you get a little uncomfortable yeah
ah I mean I didn't really didn't even
think about that I wrote out next to it
is a black pet don't ask me what that
means God my handwriting's glad you're
really pretty I'd agree
it's a black pit never mind it's pit
that make good I was like what's the
black pet doing next to a Red Rock I
would imagine the rock is a sacrificial
Rock yeah I'm not bringing that back I'm
not eating that food all right so you
bury some food
they taint it by putting a red rock on
top of it and you're gonna have one more
night and then you'll reach the pyramid
or you'll reach the area where that next
morning you'll start looking for the
pyramid in the patch
ground everybody so today pretty
uneventful but everybody make me a spot
hidden role yep yeah middle one I got a
nice I got a heart success success
alright so I'm I almost made a critical
success don't you don't easily get a
hard success sometimes during the day
way off in the distance you see sort of
two figures kind of semi parallel to the
way you're going but they're you know
they're far ahead of you and off that
way but you you see and you know you
recognize two figures I'm gonna nudge
the people who didn't see it and extra
yeah we happy to they are not it's
they're not following you
they're ahead of you they're going
their own way and it just so happens
that you're cling a very similar way
well and do you think that this is I
can't I didn't see the other figures
that you guys were talking about before
the cursory that we're probably heading
off up them out the hill or whatever do
we think these potentially are the same
guys you're like they have the same sort
of shambling gait words unlikely they do
look like the same size I'm still
walking about the same so now we're
looking at three cuz these two plus that
one how many were there in the stories
de Mendoza from it from that from that
from the pillow and there were that
man's final confession for I think it's
four there before right is that because
it was de Mendoza and then the other
mystery guys yeah so we filled one and
put them to rest Fernando Ruiz do you go
good IDO Lewis de Mendoza and Pedro de
Velasco alright so we've dealt with one
probably two but I'm not positive
anymore I'm having more dumb ideas well
tell you these dumb ideas while I walk
what happens no never mind this is a
really dumb idea let's hear because it
has nothing to do with ten years I mean
okay so let's just say de Mendoza is de
Mendoza from 1592 electric boogaloo
let's
yes exactly let's just roll away bad art
um he's smart right so he wasn't he
wasn't he wasn't mindless the one that
we had just released from his corporeal
body was mindless so maybe that original
four are the smart ones that have
reasoned and mended and they're just
making more I don't know how they make
more again do but but this bit is
possible with a good idea of how they
make I mean it's probably what the worm
the worm is and and and they did mention
in the confession that more were being
made yeah it seems about right
so we could literally have the so it
could be it's for intelligent ones plus
however many yeah that they be worker
bees so one thing you know I mean you
noticed that isn't uncomfortably that's
true you notice this one was not as
strong as Damon doza yeah not nearly
it's probably one of his offspring fact
I can tell it it's definitely you hitted
she says we die sleeping right now row
strong arm anyways
leverage the bells could you like dip
thank you alright you camp one more
night it's chilly but nothing happens
this time you like put the livestock in
the like close to the fire and the
livestock I don't know if the couple
pack animals I guess movie so Larkin is
really drunk what good for him what did
Larkin think about the the animal will
turning up with a hole in its neck
he was a gap he he like couldn't look at
it he was like he was like he turned he
like was turning green and just getting
very ill sir so now he is very drunk I'm
sure after seeing something like that
he's very drunk also you know there was
we're not gonna take the alcohol throw
it away
he starts ringing it oh we're taking it
I'll just pulled onto these into the Sun
and so yeah yeah he is he's he's toasty
heap
is out you know very early and it's
doing the you know make sure he's not
choking on his own vomit snore decide
I'm in the recovery position yeah all
right so the night passes without and
you you travel a couple more miles and
then you're sort of you come on to a
different the terrain starts to change
as you're heading up into mountains and
so you you're sort of coming up a
plateau and as you come up to the
plateau it's actually the Shelf of a can
of a canyon you're looking down into a
valley and inside the valley you see in
the middle of the valley a semi buried
pyramid it's a structure in the ground
that has been covered and you know that
is over hundreds of years dirt has come
in and filled it up there are that was
easy
I'm not a big believer in the whole
lineman let's make a bunch of rules to
like try and find something thank you
that's so you you know you're look as
you're looking down on it you see those
two figures and one of them is like
bodily crawling up the top of the
pyramid and it reaches the top of the
pyramid and it leans over and it does
something that if you make a spot hidden
rolling you can see what happens if we
down once
well you can also choose not critical
success I did not quit yes yes me too
definitely critical
all right gentlemen so you get ready to
make sanity rolls a car serie you stand
up and you notice both of you that at
the top of the pyramid it's it's a it's
a stepped pyramid and at the top of the
pyramid there's a large fracture in the
roof of the pyramid and the car theory
leans down and vomits a torrent of white
liquid into that fracture I'm so
I finished drinking before you said it
just it you know in your head you
imagine like the sound of like a cat
with a hairball I can't do that worse
and it's just yeah it's just this like
inhuman it's it's just projectile vomit
down this room nope nobody nope my
sanity if you only mean if not my naked
you lose one you fail you lose - okay
I did have a question though I lost an
HP recently a day yeah a bunch of me -
somebody maybe somebody lost somebody
lost six I don't remember I mean yeah
somebody could do first aid or you could
do first aid on yourself would somebody
like to do it cuz I'm obviously rolling
in the 80s lately it's my next album
nasally made it alright so you get a d3
hit points back and the one per day how
many days head right why I don't even
know where I got a few matting tool okay
um the second the first figure like
noticeably skinnier now and it kind
of slumps down the pyramid and the
second figure starts to climb I'm done
I'm out its way up do we have any sort
of projectile weapons gun or is it it's
a lot you would need like a row it's
it's you're you're you know you're a
sniper rifle you need a really you need
a really good rifle this is a time where
I take a drink it's like feeding the pit
yeah well and also two crows how full do
and second quite follow up do you think
they're weaker when they're fat or
they're skinny I think they're slower
and probably sedated from their fat but
they're probably they're probably weaker
it's gonna probably weaker but more
vicious think of a wounded animal think
about well don't ask me to roll
intelligence last question to somebody
else who's smarter you should just like
slither down the side right I imagine
they they described us sorry what yes
yes all right
this pyramid would you put generates too
familiar to you this pyramid looks very
familiar
does it look familiar to me too Oh
totally different one yet no yours is a
different period okay it's the one in my
vision yeah and if it is the one in your
vision then that pit would kind of be
behind it the bodies if they're indeed
there the second one does its
business nobody watches now and then
they both go around towards the back of
the pyramid oh boy so I'm gonna tell you
guys I had a vision of this pyramid and
behind it was a bunch of corpses and oh
you know the vomiting probably the worms
probably making an army of curse hearing
yeah oh oh yeah that's exciting so
here's a view of what you see so you're
essentially up here this road will wind
down into into the valley and will lead
you into there's a wall it's a it's a
stone wall around the pyramid and it
will lead you sort of around to here
around to here actually sorry you're on
this side right now that's the top of
the pyramid so you watched them at climb
up this way they they like climbed over
this wall which is quite low they went
up there and then they went around this
and they disappear from view which way
isn't like north cells can I imagine
look over the soil yeah yes so so this
is that's kind of north okay that
direction really okay it's oriented
weird it is more dumb ideas that's here
go for what happens if we put the
lantern facing the Setting Sun at the
top of the pyramid to keep these guys
from barfing in the pyramid we have to
get to the pyramid while those two
things are still there no I'm just
saying never come back so that they're
not filling it back up ooh maybe Jackson
Liza's herbal situation experienced or
[Laughter]
verbal situate like Alanis was already
like pulling out some dynamite from the
saddlebag Oh another great idea
I like writer Larkin he's there and he
says I don't want to go there oh good
you can say today alright so you you
when you go in there you you you have to
you have to you saw it in your vision
you know that you have to you have to
there's some sort of awful magic in
there and you have to break it yeah we
have to seal it up like a Christmas tree
but if you you know if you could bring
back any samples of helping gold well
silver a funny thing we can probably
bring back any metals other than the
gold part so silver brass bronze and the
reason why is because the gold is what
keeps well you saw those things you saw
what they did they keeps it keeps them
locked away and keeps them at bay you
see that's not my understanding my
understanding is that what caused the
Cara Siri was that goal
that was the spell that was cast to
create them
that was the woven gold that the the
trickster hero use wasn't it to him to
I heard around local Hassan not
arresting so there was a there was a
fable about this yes well I mean clearly
you know that in in most mythology the
trickster god is not necessary is is
what we would call an unreliable
narrator no but it wasn't a god it was a
hero I mean technically that's sort of
the moment you know you're gonna do what
you need to do but you know it would be
wonderful if we had a piece to sell
how are you concealing sure how are you
concealing 25 pounds of gold given our
odds it's wrapped up in the in the paper
isn't it so when you woke up this
morning it was not wrapped in paper oh
yeah I was gonna ask is the rod-like
reacting being that close to the pyramid
it is not so I'm not feeling anything
from it oh it's dead I mean was that
gold yeah but she was getting that
warmth I was hugging it oh so
interesting no there oh now I see right
[Laughter]
just wanted to click yes no there's an
emptiness okay like it's missing I see I
see the expression from Thomas every
week yes
why do you have that rather substantial
piece of gold which you are have been
very poorly concealing for the past
three days I'm surprised you haven't
asked about it sooner yeah we've been
through rather a lot lack and rudeness
isn't exactly a factor anymore
do we have are we sitting can I pour
my shot you're sort of standing on this
okay you know over overlooking this
thing that's like sit on the edge of the
canyon like a car like a drink and chill
oh yes of course
have a drink did he see what we saw
oh yeah okay yeah well no he turned away
god he like very actively turned away
when when it started to get yucky mm but
he understands there's something weird
going on yeah he doesn't want to get he
wants nothing to do with that okay
fair but but I mean look everything I've
read and everything I learned about this
tells me that this is where these things
came from yes and that that gold that
gold is involved in the spell that
created the Cara Siri this right in the
story that we heard was it was that a
was that what was it was it was at the
trickster hero tricked the thing
underground and built the pyramid on top
of it to contain it and locked it with
the goal and locked it with a with a
woven spell of gold and so the gold is
what keeps it locked in place hmm and
the conquistadors were created as they
went and took the gold ripped it out of
them ripped it out of the wall and so
he's a monster created these puppets
from the conquistadors which de Mendoza
was one of
as Jackson lines writing this down is
histor gone burnin publisher -
lark and goes I see or at least this is
the story that we have heard and given
that we are in the realm of the
fantastical at the moment I'm inclined
to give it some creative well it's just
a try thing sense yes from a local wise
homeland I also noticed that we seem to
have a rather substantial amount of
explosives safety blowing the pyramid oh
no no I think that's a good idea but if
used to get rid of the car serious to
have their heads removed from their
bodies yeah dynamite it's pretty quick
and it burns if that seems the most
efficient someone's head from their body
or many someone's
and burn all of them at once no fires it
fires the other thing I'm just saying I
don't think destroying that pyramid no
the worst idea I believe because if
that's what's holding something worse
contained I am not in favor of releasing
whatever it might be
Larkin I'm trying to ensure the the find
you know we need to be able to come back
I'm putting a lot of money into this and
I want to be able to keep coming back
it's it's vital that whatever I'll
preventing the expedition I mean what we
know you know as well as I do that the
way we get to come back is by bringing
something out well absolutely in it and
that is priority number one but also be
able to get out yes priority number one
is actually getting back out charge
number two is taking something with us
do you want to fight another day Mendoza
how about some of his lackeys we've
already fought one of them well the less
the less we have to fight I think the
better off we will be we have more
expeditions here we have held our own
more or less against de Mendoza and one
of the mindless ones we hold our own but
if we get swarmed if there's a whole lot
of them we're dead there's not very much
that all right yeah our safety strategy
here carefully I I don't want to seem
like well coward but I think if it's all
right with you I'm gonna stay here and
watch the pack animals no I agree I know
I agree you absolutely and not only that
we need to set up some sort of perimeter
for you with the Arab Matthew sure
whatever it takes
thank you very much because we have to
protect cuz that thing was eating a pack
animal we have to protect this entire
area so even if we go in and come back
we need to have a safe space to come
back to and it's not that I don't trust
you because you're all well I don't
trust him but all the rest of you I mean
who is Jackson Elias who is Jett who are
any of us really he's actin I I mean I
must how many drinks have we had in I
must
he's he's he's pretty toasty Mustafa
Khalnayak considered you know I've
considered that question in regards to
my hires repeatedly so ladies if you
wish to go on I'm gonna ask one thing
though I'm gonna ask that the Dynamite's
stay here no absolutely not some of it
yes but not all of it but they don't
want you taking dynamite in that pyramid
you'll pardon me if I eat you more this
sir I could care less oh but you cared
when I signed that just gonna hand your
you know look you people are very
effective at what you do but what you do
is not say oh you talk off you've been
talking this grand game about not
wanting to damage the pyramid and then
you say but we're just gonna take some
dynamite in it'll be fine no bullets
the dynamite stays here then we don't
have to go in yes that's what I've been
saying don't everyone go in send Jackson
just Elias let him die all in favor gets
turned into one of those it's just
another can't talk now but dish lasagna
dynamite to be able to get for some of
collapsed caves do you think this is my
steal woman you have not been on more
expeditions than I have and I know
exactly what dynamite is for in any sort
of incidents like this isn't me supposed
to be drunk by now I'm trying that's
interesting you noticed that like
alcohol does not seem to be affecting
him as much as it has in heroin
well I can oh the pyramid I'll bet
anything is because we're close to the
pyramid at all which is why I think tell
you about the gold statue later the
golden rod that's just gold and it's
heavy I need someone else to carry it
hmm you want a hand with that
oh thank you look we're wasting daylight
you go I'll be here would you like if
look what's this reading bollocks
you're worried Jesse Hughes can stay
with me so while he's rambling can i
slide him handsome dynamite
you can try yeah that's just like a hand
man freeze not that good and yes it is
totally
you stag three sticks of diamond in the
broth he does not notice at all you're
just like you know yeah you're like
what's that we're keeping him distracted
while you like yeah a spicy words over
here fine we won't take the dynamite
we'll keep going happy but we're taking
your guns you're going to hell for that
[Laughter]
why is he staying with me or is he going
with you it lives up to you I really
let's bring home bringing alone please
write back
good stay with him and checks the
drivers does not he remember the drivers
are not the driver farmers yes so it's
really just you four and Jackson Elias
and Larkin I don't think we should leave
I mean either go me neither I think
Jackson I should stay with him
alright I hate that idea stay don't
speak yeah he'll stay he'll stay with
Larkin Larkin is like Larkin just takes
a bottle and he goes and he sits off on
okay we're gonna take Jackson Elias
aside and just let him know that you
need to absolutely come and get us if
he's doing anything weird underhanded I
mean it's also shoot him up with heroin
whenever you can good call so I
shouldn't leave him see look this is
what happened last time when she what
happened last when she saw de Mendoza
mm-hmm snogging with the with the
professor is not the word I'm looking
for
she left to go get you guys and when you
came back
bad stuff had already happened you want
me to notice that Larkin is doing
something bad
and then leave Larkin to come get you I
don't think that's a good plan all right
all right kill a nasty start threatening
that's the plan if weird don't fight the
back of the head that there are plenty
of ways to disable someone without
killing them right oh you almost kill
him you've got him up if you have yes do
we have what could go wrong no no see
you want an itemized list no if
something if he's doing something weird
just time up yeah just some fun a
percentage don't I don't then tie don't
let him do anything don't let him go
anywhere hundred percent if you have
enough heroin I'm tempted I'm tempted to
say I'm not in favor of split in the
party but then
so you would stay and I'd go nope no she
has more strength than I do I can
probably knock him out and she shot
better lartius she's back will you get
on with it already
women rattle rattle rattle rattle happen
- shoot me - he's gonna go to him very
difficult
we've been a very accommodating you're
trying my patience and you're please
except for I penis yeah and if we don't
go you don't get anything so think about
it well I don't have anything now well
no I've got three I've got a large chunk
of gold I'm very excited - how are you
gonna take it how are you going to go
over there with your body it's already
possessed by the people that are here
it's real look go do what are you gonna
do the pit just do something okay yeah I
can and then kill enough yes yes we can
walk in the direction of the pyramid cuz
those vampires are a lot better than
this conversation is why I don't like
humans and there's like this just drag I
am like right behind her all right you
come down and you are you you've come
over this you're come over the fence the
fence is only about two feet high cuz it
I can read you right now I'm just like
you guys before we go in where are the
other two cars sorry
that's Annie I don't want to go in there
weird I don't know where the heck so are
they're going to go around the bay well
you're probably feeling let's go around
the back
yeah I know so you come around here
you're gonna basically come in this gate
sure we're gonna like perimeter track
really quickly yeah this is not hip high
so a lot of wiggle room around that
fence no when you come down this thing
everyone smiles you're coming down you
look back and you see Larkin is just
sitting on the edge like desks wigging
out of alcohol and Elias is behind him
just like kick him off the edge
[Laughter]
and we've taken what are we taking with
us we're taking lanterns we're taking
lantern really so I'd have to ask my
costume instructor you come down and so
you're gonna come across here so you
don't see when you get to here you have
a few of you of this court guard you see
this looks like some sort of opening in
the ground and so does this
you also notice that across this whole
area is there just flies all over the
place and so you start to hear that like
like low drone of flies and everybody
can make a natural world war pass what
about no no no but can i well ever would
have make it anyway can i maybe we're
all the same place can you what I I mean
a religion law I just would have to
reroll this cuz this is garbage sure
what do you want to learn from the fact
that I would assume that this is a
graveyard okay and that that's better
what is that a 14 mm oh yeah I would
assume that this was a graveyard I would
want to know I would want to kind of
figure out based on the Flies like where
they were buried how much like I just I
don't own any graves is my sort of thing
these heathens didn't like this is not a
burial ground they didn't this area
tiles yeah this is just stuff they
didn't bury people in pyramids and this
is I'm talking about outside yeah no
this doesn't this is not according to
like everything you know about what this
heathen religion did this is not where
they would bury they tended to bury
people in fields and you know okay hills
and things like that isn't this the same
thing from my vision
yes but because I didn't mean the
natural world can I stole so oh okay
from your
vision what ubn is that yes so you're
like there's like an O at a certain
point like I'm assuming it is not here
like there's a weird overlay of your
current what you're seeing and the
vision that you have the same yeah that
hurts my brain so I really this
information so I've had this vision of
this pyramid those are dead bodies and I
have a feeling the core by your vision
that's the pit of dead bodies okay so
what I'm assuming is the car Siri are
going to make a army using those dead
bodies in there so I don't know drop
down a dynamite stick or fire to burn
the bodies before they can if we had
gasoline that would if we had gasoline
we could just pour it all over the bare
amount of alcohol although having less
by the minute okay okay I want to look
down the first pit yeah into the you
sort of cross the the wall and you'll
notice up here you see the detail of the
wall there are these weird grotesque
faces carved into the wall they look
anything like that mask thing that Emma
handled a little yes a little what they
also look like is a car a series jaw
opening huh that that distending of the
jaw and the the there's a weird what you
thought was the drone of flies is
actually a droning sound from those
mouths as the wind hits the open cavity
of the mouth and makes a moaning sound
that just echoes across the whole of the
whole area
well that's earring it is very creative
though are in the fence all the way or
are in the wall oh the wall is moaning
yes oh and and so then there's the
pyramid which is mostly buried and then
you look so you look down this shaft
it's like it's how it's partly covered
stone but the stone is broken covering
stone is broken and you look down and
you just see darkness they'll let the
sunlight goes about ten feet down and
it's all dark do we have laughter so you
you do you do a basic death thing and
you're guessing 20 feet and then you hit
ground or you hit something oh did you
tie Lantern to the bottom 20 feet down
you go down to a passageway and
everybody's looking down the hole can
make a spot hidden right
oh no critical six oh six yeah who made
us the wall is glinting like gold got it
okay interesting I should probably
tell you I don't feel anything from the
golden rod anymore it's like dead
there's no like warm vibrations or
critical success again you free alright
you look back out terrifying both both
Larkin and Jackson Elias you don't see
their silhouettes anymore figured cool
they're dead tail and run like a bunch
of chickens chickens are tiny dinosaurs
and terrifying I would not call a
delicious they're so good but they're
also terrifying that's true no so it
doesn't necessarily mean they ran they
just getting us back at the pad you know
Elias might have you know heroin Jim or
something on the back of heroin Jose
about what do you think it means if it's
not warm anymore well first off when's
the last time you've been cuddling it it
was warm like last night my drink I will
spit it
you all win it likes the closer we got
to the pyramid hmm interesting
yeah just like how the alcohol stopped
affecting Marcum hmm can I recall
anything that like might be similar to
that like an effect devoid of a not a
great evil not really
I mean if normally you'd think if this
thing were attuned to this place that it
would sort of react more yeah and the
closer that it got to it mm-hmm
that's the that's you know that's the
normal sort of resonance theory of kind
of occultism maybe it's just being
opposite yes it's I'm sort of blocking
yeah our our best bet is is to try to
find the place that looks like the
pendant isn't it yeah if one of the
staves are missing yeah that's the thing
we don't have a second well what if the
only one was taken yeah that's true I
need to find that up no they only took
one so that we need to find a spot where
there is a stave and looks like there
should be a second one right aye well
it's a trickster god right so maybe it's
tricking us into thinking it's not maybe
the trick is the hole it's just stopped
right it's not actually yeah we just
pretty can't perceive it baby like like
the Kate like the candle like a dog
whistle hmm
yeah different different different
resonance we can't hear it right so I'm
gonna start a celery stick you know we
can't foresee okay wait yeah you gots
sorry if that's what it is that if you
can't perceive it what if the car Siri
can and they know it's close by Brennan
doesn't we might be running a guess but
they would have come up to get us they
wouldn't have gone around the corner and
well done well so what goes on into this
hole that I'm going in right now well
except you do do the car Syria were
clearly they wanted to like throw up in
that thing for whatever reason we should
which reason their cycle I look and I
look live you you you all notice easily
that the exterior of the pyramid does
not have any gold on it all right so we
gotta go in the hole
so yeah do you easily fasten it and with
a rope you don't even need to make climb
rolls
yeah club is everybody heading down yes
so the air coming out of this shaft is a
little warm and it smells really bad put
a handkerchief yeah it smells like I
just like tie a scarf along my nose or
mouth oh great cadet milk so when you
get who's going down first all right so
you go down first and I'm right after
you're in a tunnel it's it's fairly it's
short it's maybe four foot tall okay
it's like you have to hunched over a
little more 11 you still have to bend
over come on my knees so you is that
what sparkled yes okay yeah there is
gold in the walls and is it like a
natural occurring gold like a vein of
gold or is no no this is really there is
a strip about three feet uh-huh that has
designs all the way around that look
exactly like the designs okay hmm
we got to find the missing piece yes I
think so
all right cool let's Emma I'm right
behind you okay tell me the story again
while we're walking through this like
the story the story of creepy things and
so the four calculon the story came down
they found this pyramid they went inside
and they found all this gold and they
ripped some wall yeah and then they were
gonna spend the night there in the next
morning they're rampant all but one of
them were meditating wonder wonder why
that one didn't maybe he had the gold on
him he has that could be it could just
if he was if he was the one holding on
to the golden rod do not give me that
face bells ghost so when you're down
here now it's like rotten milk being
held by a person who's been dead for way
too long
the smell is the smell is you all said
you were putting handkerchiefs over your
mouth so that I tied my scarf my nose
Mel is is almost overpowering gods I put
some what happened I put it the bank
herbs right cilantro I don't know dead
body or soap soap mmm cilantro it's a
close call I hate that smell I hate the
supposed to hate it so you come down in
a pathway into this room mm-hmm
and when you come down there are two
figures on read mats just like dead to
the world like laying there there leaned
over like this they look like the two
people you saw they do not react when
you touch the ground no no no no no I
just don't back okay okay you're down
second you see the same thing there's
there's a lantern that's giving this
light this room some light there are two
figures there they're pretty clearly Oh
No YouTube you may did you make you saw
them do the vomiting yeah yes oh these I
see I see everything these are clearly
these two guys those two people but but
but they poked us and we're like yeah
look yeah I know you're pretty sure yeah
those are the two people I are I'm
backpedaling out and if I bump into you
much yeah yeah they're not reacting to
you we might be just fine we might want
to make them actually dead as opposed to
listen dead to the world okay I roll
like crap you guys go you don't need to
roll if you want to just cut their heads
off yes yes I would I would very much
like to just cut their heads I'll do
that can I check to see if there's
anything like are these just really like
any what do you mean any like it are
they dead or no no they are sleeping
they seem like they're exhausted okay
they are
they're gone do they have like their
like the Hermit beard yes yeah no no
these no these are they look like
European Americans European defendants
they're not European they look like they
South Americans your South Americans
well no these are European okay these
are these are clearly alright but but
what the other person that attacked us
well you do not have hermit beards
alright
they seem they seem pretty well-kept but
they are they're out like lights let's
just chop their heads off alright angry
what are they wearing just out of
curiosity they're wearing modern
clothes okay yeah
all right yeah you you fall on them yeah
you cut their heads off
they don't even wake up I checked this
shirt to see if there's any tattoos hmm
there's no no there are no marks
anything what about the wrists their
mouths are really disturbing to you okay
just okay sure
Zack that whole conflict will you cut
their heads off makes me feel better
that we're not just killing a human
being sure right like we're this is not
yeah yes but it's not anymore don't do
the last rites thing sure if we have
time yes just a moment yeah you've given
their last rites and you hit you have
that you have a similar sense of comfort
you've you've brought final rest to to
these restless souls I believe yeah yeah
you believe they you know what I'm not
gonna knock anyone else's belief systems
true okay so so now we can proceed
deeper so now you continue on and you
come into the pyramid and you make a way
you sort of follow along the wall and
you come to the you turn this corner and
on the ground so for in the wall there's
a three-foot chunk missing there's a
fissure and there is white liquid
seeping out and the white liquid is
covering the entire passage grass so yep
Dan wear my boots on that it's not the
worst idea you can try it
tack sprinkle sprinkle right you
sprinkle it up and a
you I don't think you've seen one but a
still familiar worm just sort of like
shits in the white and like moves away
from where you sprinkled stuff nope
nobody nope I don't it doesn't like it
though it doesn't like how you notice
but there's worms in the pool and we
have to go through the pool ordered
about back probably like a 10 foot pool
 as this white gross liquid that is
seeping out of the wall and oh by the
way the reference it's you know dough is
like the pyramid mm-hmm
that's what I assumed is that it was
coming down and it's coming out of the
pyramid yeah that's what I assumed is
that they're filling it up yeah um
where's the worm Almanac tell me not to
go in that thing of liquid I'm gonna
reference the warmth on the Almanac of
worms or whatever whatever some tiny
mite would be really nice oh oh all
right I am going to say this dynamite is
obviously very explosive and that is a
very small area I'm saying we do it
right now I'm just saying cause Matt
screwed them right how much of that herb
do we have I literally have me though
you got gypped Green goes fueling the
economy of a third-world country isn't
it now result trust hues never know this
uses not to be trusted
all right that's right he got gypped all
right I don't want I was like none of us
are smart as all of us I do not want to
step into that pool we saw the worm in a
round nila worm and now that u s-- now
that you look at it like the surface of
this thing is just cool about I didn't
for eating it looks like alfredo sauce
don't make it worse
wait I like rope across or like get
something that like absolutely like
there's no like you I mean there's not
like a there's not like a pulley or
anything but we gotta grab like we gotta
roll look good like something we could
hook I mean statue you don't really want
to make more well I don't know maybe you
do want to make more holes no I do not I
do not I don't know what this but but
you would the minute that you would need
to like hammer something into the
pyramid wall God had to like be able to
attach a rope like maybe a climbing hook
well that's yeah I mean that's what
you'd want to put in there didn't you
well okay hang on but to proud that like
the the pool the opening the 3-foot
thing is in the middle of that pool big
force event and that's where the fissure
like the yeah and how deep is this pool
can I stick machete and see how like see
if it go you're gonna put a machete in
there see you can see how deep the
rabbit hole goes time die alright it
is it'll go down as far as you want
nope go down to about you know I don't
know you would not know about half of
the machete and you yeah it's farther
than the floor you know like there's got
it
dammit there's got to be a different way
in so we bring a burrow down and we ride
the burro cross and let it gets eaten we
sure we shove it in and jump that's I
mean like I'm all for like sacrificing
but I can't walk that for like it's too
deep and I'm tiny
[Laughter]
I'm not a whole lot bigger than you have
you know that do I recall there was a
cart up up on the service because it
kind of looks like there is a cart
outside ah I'm basically trying to
figure out no there's nothing would here
nothing has been here in a long time
there is this pit witch lady Jezebel is
pretty sure is full of dead bodies which
seems to correspond with that area that
want to put some dead bodies and just
hop across I was thinking the same as we
pay them respect yeah like she can do
the whole Jesus thing in the whole you
know the man we don't know sorry if I
I'm not for looking around a little bit
more with yeah meaning to this option
yes let's go and have a look at the
other at the other side of that corridor
there's no trees near the pyramid like
just outside of that kind of not really
you are on so this whole there haven't
got a lot of trees in general okay
that's why you brought firewood you so
you do think that maybe if you went back
to the the the camp you could get enough
something to make a little bit of a
bridge but you know if that thing is as
deep as you think it is there you know
see about making a raft to float that
could you know that could be a
possibility you could lash out a bunch
of our wooden together to make so so
you're gonna you're gonna you're gonna
essentially double back all the way
around the pyramid yeah and while we're
doing it I don't have a look at that at
that other side of that yeah definitely
look at the other side all right so you
come around and there's the gold all the
way and you give into the pool on the
other side then you come down this
hallway and you get here and it's just
bodies yeah so advice it's like a slope
up of bones cuz you're down at the
bottom so this is on the list of the
worst things you've ever seen yes it is
this is about eight so it was 20 feet
Oh God so this is 20 feet sloping up of
skeletons and as you move up through the
strata they get less and less decomposed
oh so it's still happening yes yes well
so we need to get the bodies from my top
skeletons no float sorry actually make
float but they're not gonna hold
anything that's cool
probably don't make a raft out of
skeletal skeletons well yeah because of
the marrow drives up in a minute and
then the bones go hollow well or you
know sure try making a raft nope
they find a lot of femurs I'd have to be
down
so yeah this this is like everybody make
a con roll from the smell bodies I'm
tired I need a nap I know the one nice
if you know yeah you are a little you're
at leat if you if you fumbled there ill
you're gonna be sick otherwise you're
definitely a little queasy dr. Aldridge
we can inspire that that's right dr.
Aldridge let's get out of here let's get
out of here Reggie's kind of a what did
dr. Aldridge have for lunch yeah whiskey
burrito all right yeah let's get back to
the yeah
yes let's let's get back to the other so
are you gonna go out of the pyramid are
you gonna have course yeah I think we
should go out of the pyramid and look
around because it's weird or be smoked I
mean of course or where do you think the
door would be because obviously this is
a crack in the bottom of the base of the
pyramid where would I mean that doesn't
feel like a dorky ology archaeology or
navigate I handle archaeology would be I
mean I'm not the ancient Egypt and
experts totally mean it okay so damn
that's nice Wow
so this pyramid the these pyramids often
didn't they
they didn't they were often solid I mean
they weren't they didn't have entrances
if this was indeed some sort of prison
it wouldn't have a door either if they
wouldn't be on make sense if I wanted to
seal something in well there's that
fissure on the top which was probably
created by the goldenrod being taken out
yeah and if I had to guess well sure you
climb to the top and see what that's all
about
yes yeah yes and we wanted to go back
and get firewood to make a raft it'll be
a yeah about that so you're gonna go
look at the fissure sure yes
all right so as you climb up here the
Flies are like starting to impair your
vision as you get up to the top there
are just walls of a physical wall of
flies and right behind that is almost a
physical wall of stench just the smell
of corruption and just awful smells
there is a about four foot long crack in
the top of this pyramid that is coated
in dried horrible white acre and and is
just really terrible just really awful
and you have no interest in all in and
enlightening looking down that thing no
I know I can guess and there's can I let
me just do a spot hinge I mean if
anybody wants to look down now you have
agency of your characters so I rolled a
20 I am looking for I'm just looking
around cuz at this point I kind of yet I
know what's probably down there's just
probably a hole with goo yeah but is
there that's a fair guess anything to me
that it would indicate like how do I get
in this thing down this thing like I was
hoping that there would be like a side
over to climb down it like where's the
service entrance you make the roll you
made a good roll so yeah that's better
it's not it's not a critical
associations are yeah the there is no
entrance to this pyramid but every the
to open
in it are the two cracks that have that
you know you don't know I mean you think
you know what caused them but the two
cracks with the art they're like that
nothing in this pyramid was made to
enter or exit and if it was meant to be
a prison that makes sense
and there's nothing to me to indicate
where this gold came from oh yeah and
the home where the fissure is okay like
there's a there's a your rod sized hole
okay right there where that goes did the
Malcolm right also think of us thank you
go where the players take yeah it's just
been that sort of week on question chaos
all right so you all you rolled you made
a hard success right yeah all right so
you see Jackson elias's silhouette there
but not Larkins cool be killed Arkin go
back there and check it well here's the
thing
we should make Jackson allies put the
rod in the hole can he get why didn't
they write it all I gotta say you can
put it there I thought we were gonna be
done with this chapter tonight
apparently no cuz I just do you know how
hard it was to not be like who's gonna
put
[Laughter]
the worms I got all night
true actually could we burn I didn't
read the Bowman Act no idea what if
burning kills character sorry it's only
logical that fire might hurt the war I
mean it's nothing new yeah burn the goo
get it really well is the goo favorable
I don't even know what the goo if I had
the thing if I had to guess based on the
fact that you said they were
he said never vomiting this goo out yet
the cursory take in fat pads gets me
chubby and then vomited out yeah so fat
sample yeah so it's like match and
throw right and let me turn out we're
gonna have to exit the area while it's
burning cuz hole smell horrible but then
once it dies down we can go in there put
it but how many like thousands of years
have they wait a minute I go crazy with
the thousands or the hundred okay I was
like so hundreds and Aamir's of fat have
they been throwing or about how long it
might take to burn down all that shallow
well now we're here let's deal with this
I want to go home to let me do the first
that's what a thousand five hundred
years of fat that they've been throwing
up into that thing that's a lot of fat
to burn there there were a lot of booze
never mind no I always think about
starting a business I'm on some sort of
like fat soap situate I don't know some
Peruvian form so yeah
Peruvian warm so that's amazing open
beauty routine to one of the Jenner's I
think Peruvian worms so movie
ah put the herbs in there there you go
oh yeah the carry sorry herbs
alright we need to find some way to get
across this and put the rod in the hole
I mean like you have to do what if I
just throw it and hope it like nope
swimming to get that back yeah good
night I mean I'll volunteer to like swim
across but I don't know how like how we
got I'll sacrifice myself I don't care
the worms you want to get by the worms I
mean do I have like I don't know how
fast a swimmer is so fast that's the
other question what's the calculation
asking the important questions why media
would be more viscous than water so
you'd probably be slower I'm gonna go
grab a torch and I'm just gonna see how
they react to it
all right I'm not gonna actually like
this go on fire arm grab a torch and see
how the worms round worms yeah and I'm
like they clearly move away from it all
right what if we grab two torches and we
just kind of like but it's like deep so
yeah are we gonna like hold the torch
and swim through the fat nope that's why
seventhly gross
well that's why I was thinking we need
to make a raft and have someone but how
much firewood do we have can you you
have enough to make a rent you could
make a we can make around like all of us
no no for like two two people maybe for
one brave soul and 25 pounds of gold
right who is the highest strength so you
know you could try and there's no lag
you could just try and hand them the
gold you know after they're out there
that's a good point yeah yeah and
there's no ledge to make like a little
plank not really okay all right then the
raft seems like the best idea that we
have because we don't we didn't have it
we don't have gasoline with us we
couldn't bring the alcohol down and see
if that will set on fire that might be
honest
like five hundred years with it's just
gonna smell horrible well take a long
time thing
how mean well okay so the human fat
handle took like a day or two right
calculator bringing up the amount you're
just back to camp okay so the one thing
yeah beaten I gotta get up the hill here
it's not easier to carry the wood
individually down didn't carry a raft
yeah absolutely so let's all let's all
go up and get thing at the wood and look
at maybe we can make it in one trip then
yeah okay you go up and Larkin is folded
over one of the donkeys mm-hmm he just
he was annoying me he just couldn't well
done it's not dead right
no no he's he's all right that's fine
he's sleeping he's got he's sleeping the
heroin see I mean the cage is mostly
dead Jackson will help you carry down
firewood I love when you get my
references so you you guys bring down
the one he does Jax is like I'm not
going down there there I mean I don't
blame you it is absolutely disgusting
yeah everybody make a psychology role I
don't know why mm oh my made it first I
something about there's something off
about Jackson he's making more
sense than usual interesting but so he
carries down some firewood and he's like
I don't want to go down there though he
seems like really averse to going down
in the in the pyramid mmm I kind of pull
them off the side you okay
I just that smell Oh tell me about it I
got sick cause down there that smell is
just it was can I tell that that's all
that it is or - well you know I mean
that seems legit yeah I've seen a make a
yeah yeah everything's fine
can I inspiration that yes yes because
they went from a 91 to a 62 yeah but he
just clearly doesn't like the smell this
whole place is freaking him out okay
he's not house it was gun on him of
course he does right thinking what a
silly question me so so you definitely
noticed that you know under his chest
pot his chest pocket there is the
comforting bulge that was for you I can
do it too okay so you start assembling
this raft and then you drop it down the
you are yeah you you can like drop it in
the goo and it's floating pretty well
alright whoever's gonna get on there's
gonna need to make me a dexterity roll
oh let me do it yeah and I'm also gonna
want to know like what any fine I'm also
gonna want to know what that you're
strange sizes 60 when we're all about
the same size with everything like five
points of each other except you who's
signing yeah alright so maybe but I ever
really my dexterity though that you have
a low string yeah put it in well I don't
want you to fall off the rack yes yeah
my decks isn't that bad so my drive
letter dollar okay you do that
43 okay not quite a hard-ass but close
so the direct is you know a little
jackal but you're you're okay so now
you're gonna hand her the know what I'm
it's my inspiration inspiration this
yeah
yes not gonna lose this stick hey if we
lose the stick in the goo I'm leaving a
critical success critical reversing what
happens
so yeah you you've get there and you are
standing in front of this separating
Fisher of just like I have learned a new
word today thank you and you start to
like fit if this is this rod into place
yeah you're fitting it on make me a dex
roll hmm that was a fumble fumble I'm
gonna make you an offer
push it push it good push you can push
this rule mm-hmm or I'm gonna let you
choose either you go in the goo or the
rod goes in the goo
I would like to push my luck do it well
I didn't it's it's an 85 so it's not you
still failed I still feel it's not a
fumble though okay but it was a pushed
rule yes so something will happen real
bad girl so the choice is no longer in
your hands yep so both you and the rod
god you're like setting it up and all of
a sudden like the rats somebody comes
around yes but yeah the raft just
likes light like what are the word yeah
you're pushing the raft or something and
the raft moves and you have that
horrible like your legs are going this
way your body's going this way and I
like grab onto the rod and just hold it
okay all right make me a strength rule
oh hold on nope all right so you
like grabbing her it like squash she's
she she failed I failed it a push yeah
nope
two things happen except pretty much
simultaneously two Sandra is probably
dead
well I mean maybe we'll see so you you
were in the goo oh it's super gross it
is everything that you thought it would
be your head like you goes under make
you first make me a sanity roll yeah Oh
think of it as a mill that was a hard
success oh okay great
all right so so you're gonna lose one
sanity all right and I'm gonna say with
a hard success that you don't need to
make the con role to keep your mouth
closed
thank God yeah yeah so you're and you're
you're clawing your way to the surface
in this horrible game I reached the
bottom with my foot
No Jesus Christ that's what hanoks you
is you like put your foot like you're
like oh oh god there's nothing down
there and you're like crawling up all of
you that are outside of us she
disappears under the gold the had a rope
against the thing we said oh where is
the thing the fat recedes and like the
fat if there's now like hey a perfectly
it looks like a perfectly normal floor
mm-hmm that is just gone where the fat
and the fat the fat like you watch it
just go like this and there's like a
brief there's like a three by was it
three by one mm-hmm section of floor
where the gold is could I make a lot
roll to come out in that spot and so and
then you holding three below I know I
failed the stretch at one section of
floor completely the gold like where the
gold is
it's like there's no it's like the fat
doesn't exist got it and it's at our
level like if you would have made a
normal weekend physics and you really
don't want to think about it yeah I
can't think about it make a torch kind
of like keep other things I'm a rabbit
so yes so that's what you're doing what
are you doing Tiana I'm like trying it
trying to get out of this balloon not
being able to see what the hell I'm
doing what are you doing I'm gonna I'm
gonna pass and just I'm just gonna hang
it out and
magic character doesn't know that see if
I service and throw me a rope kind of
yeah I'm just gonna wait to help like
I'm either gonna keep somebody from
going in accidentally alarm all right so
I'm you're gonna give an advantage time
to either you trying to get out or
somebody else trying to to not go in
what are you doing
they're trying to help okay all right um
so you're waving a torch around somebody
not going in just made it but okay so
I'm gonna make you an offer
it's your choice the torch can be
ineffective and nothing will happen or
it can be effective but something maybe
not great will happen I have a bad
feeling
what else is not great besides this
setting the Fed on fire without sorry
maybe I'm going to say that the torch
isn't effective and I'm just sorry so
it's not the torch is not ineffective
you you just don't put it in the fat
you're you're consciously avoiding
putting it the fat I'll give you that
choice all right now you make me a luck
roll all right that was a 94 so it's not
a fumble can I inspire it oh my god I am
humming can you can't inspire it you
could also push it he says that this
maniacal inspiration and I don't give to
well I don't see her I don't see
anything like it's not like like she's
below my hand
she has blowing under the surface I see
I see
inspiration anyone else yeah we have to
I'd like to not die today I might anyway
um they said it's luck yeah I got a 68
over 15 all right well it's not a fumble
though far slide the worm our scene
fades to black with this montage oh
you have taken a torch and you're like
you're waving it and you're like looking
for her you're like looking trying to
like see through the goo you're very
conscious of not putting the torch under
there you to you
are basically like holding together so
they further and you are like yelling
Alexandra Alexandra somehow the camera
cuts descends into the into the goo
mm-hmm about you're about eight inches
from the surface like your hand is just
slowly reaching up and slowly reaching
up and you're struggling you're starting
to lose your breath you've been under
there in in horrible arduous conditions
for a really long time and your hand is
slowly reaching up and just as it does
you open your eyes and coming right
towards you is a little white worm
and that's where the camera goes dark
hmm ride the worm so that's gonna do it
for this episode of quests and Cthulhu
and you know the worst part is I can't
be here for the next time that we do
this speaking Idaho give the next time
and that's not a euphemism speaking of
the next time we do this we're gonna
have it we've got an exciting experiment
next time unfortunately I'm not able to
be here next time because of my darn a
job so next week March 6th Rebecca is
gonna run national West End Star Wars
RPG which is an awesome awesome game
system and she's gonna run a a Star Wars
adventure for these guys and maybe a
special guest we'll see
mmm so that's that's gonna be next week
we'll be back for you and I are probably
gonna need to send some emails yes I
think soundings we'll be back let's
see the six the 13th yes Tuesday the
13th Wednesday exactly I know so we'll
be back Wednesday the 13th with massive
niala throat f like normal and we only
have a little bit of Peru left and then
we'll be actually starting the actual
massive the proper month it'll be a
dummy there'll be some exciting stuff
that happens on the 13th and I'm looking
forward to watching down bummed I can't
play the star we're gonna win
I'll only let the woman yeah and I love
playing annoying droids in in the Star
Wars RPG it's so much fun I am
absolutely going to play the know-it-all
Jedi congratulations for the mug yes
Keanu is gonna hand-deliver it and none
of us have signed it so it you computer
not message it'll still feel like the
really high value and I think that's
gonna do it for this episode thank you
so much for subscribing thank you for
liking thank you for commenting YouTube
we see you too thank you merge all the
Jews oh yeah so total of two telling us
there we're having a great time we hope
you're having almost as much fun as we
are
maybe with fewer worms hopefully we love
the worms yeah I do swimming at my face
right now thank you yes that's not a
worm
No bye but it was invasive motorboat a
great evening all right that is bad
names do we have it this far and many
many so our candidates for quoted the
night you guys can pick that you have
why would they be walking if they could
fly that's a net that that's a life
statement I have to air out my third leg
this is the one that happened during the
break that you guys missed can I have
some alcohol but not alum one you so
another great age book you know what we
should do nah never mind and the last
candidate Peruvian worms 20% off
etsy.com so tell us what you think the
quote of the night the quarter of the
week was all then I'll put the
candidates in the comments on YouTube
YouTube you guys well yeah vote by
liking whichever one you think is best
I think we might actually start now we
bombed a worm soap store I have to go
because I have to check if probably
peruvian worm soap.com is available you
also have to check probably not Peruvian
I made my ideas yeah Oh too long so
we're gonna say good night to everybody
thanks so much
next on Star Wars next week without
you
