Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends if you can hear
me raise your hand with merely not be
broadcasting right now
we apologize we're having some technical
difficulties we are stuck in the closet
and can't get out and hopefully the mics
are working Thomas isn't screaming so I
guess it's alright Thomas will be
joining us briefly so this is quests
in Cthulhu we had boy that first opening
was so great it was amazing he said my
best work I it's a shame that they're
not gonna hear it yes that'll be the
hidden APUs the the the little note dark
episode of question Cthulhu first big
announcement you've heard it all week
you've probably supported it already but
our Kickstarter is going gangbusters we
have funded we're going on stretch goals
yep hey Seth if you're listening
pick Fiasco I will I will Proctor an
awesome Fiasco game that everyone will
enjoy and if you if you know if somebody
else gives it that level you get to
choose a game with your favorite
question cosplayers and your favorite
question chaos DM Tod hey can they hear
us I no idea fit so head over to
Kickstarter and support quests in chaos
get awesome shirts
there's question chaos shirts there are
these lovely mugs if I want instead of
begging for one that's right Oh was that
it Warren however if we also get a lot
enough followers
tonight's will give one of these away oh
there you go we have if we
get followers we could give away a mug
tonight we will definitely 100% getting
to the next announcement be giving away
a copy of the steam game cultist
simulator which is appropriate for kala
Cthulhu it's a a really fun timer based
evil cult that's trying to summon awful
things I've been playing for a while I'm
terrible at it so you know my heart's
just too pure I don't know what is it
what does the game do so like the idea
is that all of your actions are kind of
timers and so there are all these little
disks on your board that are counting
down and some of them are positive
timers like when this timer runs out you
did a job and you get money but when
this timer runs out like you have to pay
me like you you you essentially have to
pay to live every minute and so there's
a timer that's just constantly going and
so there's this you're trying to keep
your resources up to do to be able to
survive but then you're also talking to
various people to like learn or bring
them into your cult that sort of thing
it's really a neat idea it's
supernatural
the sad part is it's one of those games
that has this like very delicate like
story that's all in the background so
like after you've you know after you've
played for like an hour
you're just skipping all of the like
flavor text like another timer though no
time can't read which is a shame but
it's really fun so like and subscribe
all of our stuff I want to give a
special shout out a to Rebecca for that
awesome Star Wars game laughs I really
enjoyed that I watched it on YouTube
because I'm I was late but I it was
awesome and so you can find our stuff on
our YouTube channel you can find her
stuff our twitch bit on Twitch videos
there I also want to give a shout out to
the cuz I love board games our pandemic
legacy crew is really fun it's a bunch
of RPG years some of them you can tell
by watching have never played anything
like pandemic legacy before and it's
really neat to see like a new audience
coming in to these games and
experiencing it it's really it's really
a fun thing and since I'm not on they're
you would think that having played it
before necessarily that is that is the
you know I can tell you for a fact that
every time I play something I get like
one rule wrong and then I'm on then the
next time the next time I'm like okay
remember that rule everything else wrong
outside so I just wanted to bring it
into show and I had to lug this all
around but this o is the monster that we
are playing that's over 800 pages of
massive niala so tip sure the spine
chaos iam did an amazing job on this
they've started putting out their
modules in slip cases slip covers like
this and really doing up the books are
hard bound it's really beautiful and
it's worth you know it's worth plates
it's something that you'll keep around
even when you don't do that so I'm gonna
be probably not lugging this around
every time I come out here but every
once in a while I'll I'll pull it out
they also have a you get a PDF version
when you buy it and so I've mainly been
running off the PDF anything else that
we need to cover no we just have one
thing to cover and that is it right
there
there are 12 inspiration in the boy
sorry me and your favorite Twitter
Twitter I mean hello dear who's the
Baroness from thank you my love and I
have to apologize to my beloved wife
because when she watched for the last
episode she was so taken with the little
friends that are currently spending some
quality time with the Alexandria that
she made a little maggot worm doll for
this that I of course being the lummox
that I am forgot today so next episode
Francoise
we'll make it appear freakin 12 I think
it's one right there which I don't know
if anybody could see what would we call
these guys I received a special gift
Oh yep look at these dice it's like a
metal or no they're just regular dice
that's like something yeah let's see
guys super small a dream Andrea yeah
thank you I so well I'll ruin these
shortly Thanks let's see how well those
controls she also gave us a bunch of
stuff on that one and Kaos agents hair
gel hair gel a well hair goop and a
butter knife
that's goblin coupe and a stuff rat
they're nice and a robe then cultist
robe
no no a Hugh Hefner style monogrammed
RTF for Remy the Fox Wow
so so the tablet is going in a different
direction that sounds like huh oh yeah
it's only if you're famous
all right now the Baroness is joined in
the phone oh what's 1,000 yeah what's
your Jojo well you know you're
running out I'm running out of Cobra gun
what because endless oh well GI Joe is
okay so you know but so I think last
time I said I was gonna do the theme
song right he's a real as I American
hero fighting Cobra yeah okay so he's a
changed man thank you but you know
that's also you go GI Joe the movie I'm
thinking Colonel Flagg who was the only
character in GI Joe that had a rank for
summary all of that of GI Joe was this
weird amorphous rank sergeant sergeant
slaughter yeah but he was kind of an
did you ever have the William Perry I
think the fridge the best part of the
visit the character was that he had this
mace that was a football it's always
like a football sonic wins over hurt and
I was like is that an actual football or
is it like metal that they made to look
like a football and if you're on a
battlefield where everyone's shooting
lasers and you have a mace football it's
not going well for you fridge yes maybe
the awesome athletic crossovers of GI
Joe next week we'll do some hits from
the end
stingers of now you know and knowing is
half the battle
we did earlier of goop yep let's paint a
picture here and sort of set the scene
so our intrepid heroes we're went down
inside this awful pyramid and they found
wait a minute
goop bar filled pyramid goop barf fans
period yes future artisans so so the
first thing that you saw when you got to
this pyramid was to Cara Siri that
seemed to be vomiting the fat that they
had collected into that fissure at the
top of the pyramid then you went down
under and you found the gold seam all
the way around the pyramid and you found
where it had been broken you killed the
two Cara Siri yep slaughtered them in
their sleep as they do and you left
Larkin up with the up with the pack
animals up on the rise Jack's allies
well Jackson okay then he came down with
you God went back up to get you got the
stuff to make the raft you win all right
yeah get the raft fixing Jackson Elias
came back down with you so you're all in
that in the tunnels now and you you made
a valiant attempt Alexandra who cannot
be here
Tiana having a great time with your
and so yeah Tiana's character alexandra
made a valiant attempt to go out on a
little raft and repair this rip you have
the ward a long piece of gold I'm not
gonna refer to it in any other manner
damn it and you figured out where would
go and so she but there was about a
10-foot wide pool of gross human fat
that was dripping out of the wall and it
seemed to be bottomless it seemed you
know I think you did you tried to like
stick a pole down there and you couldn't
find the bottom and she went out on the
on the raft and she failed her I believe
I want to say she no she didn't fumble
cuz you can't push fumble push mechanic
I gave her I tried to be nice I never an
offer and I said she could choose
whether the Lord or her fell in the goo
but she had you know so you get greedy
and so she rolled again and then she
fumbled and so then both her and the
ward fell in the goo but something
interesting happened she fell in and
immediately plunged you don't know how
far down we're the ward hit the ground
it dissolved the fatum you know it
didn't even dissolve it it just
dispelled it where it hit the ground it
was like it was a normal part of the of
the floor it completely dispelled the
goo the problem is that's essentially on
top of Alexandra right now so even if
she's trying to get up there's a ceiling
there so and how big is that space it's
about well three feet because that's
about how our board is it's about three
by one there's like a little chunk so
that's where we are the three of you
were standing beside the pool trying to
like help the raft and not let it fall
over but nobody was touching whatever
was going on in the goo and Jackson was
also with the group around there there's
you've got a map right there with the
pyramid in that that spot in the middle
is where the where the goo is and so I'm
just gonna start over here and I'm gonna
ask you what yeah it was was a last
and we were I was holding you from
falling in and you had like a torch or
something and weren't were yelling don't
blow this boo there was something about
well you were trying on satellite thigh
on fire because you think it's highly
flammable yeah and that could have
adverse effects on your compatriot you
only want to roast her so I'm gonna go
around here start here what are you
doing so you still got me yeah yeah you
are leaning over this seemingly
bottomless goo which is now totally
Placid where she fell in there's no like
bubbles there's no like roiling gap it
it's just goo as far down enough so
you're being held she has like is
holding onto your belt right and I can't
reach for me no you could put your hand
in and see that you come up with a like
fun but I left Francoise at home so so
he can't bite you wait did we see France
was you did you did not see the we did
him in mooing okay so only Alexandra
knows okay oh she knows soon a minute
you got me yeah I'm gonna stick my hand
in there and right make me a luck roll
and you make me a strength roll yeah oh
are you reaching into that thing yeah
she's getting the video again ago 89
alright so let's see how the spring roll
goes oh boy 86 so much better
alright so this is gonna be really I'm
gonna make you an offer
oh boy I don't know if I can go to Emma
the 10th I was so bummed your wookie
wasn't like Amaka or something how like
Emma would be worth did in a passion if
the name was given to me it was a given
name was a given family it was what that
was kasia for Emma Kaushik so I'm gonna
make you an offer you can either I'll
let you know cuz what was it and I 89
there were a lot of eighties rolled here
yeah okay we can't try again I mean
you're totally good yeah cuz really yes
it's important guy
there's lots of bad yeah that's why I
have a screen may the fluff be there
yeah on the roll alright so this is a
luck roll again low 57
oh I rolled it 10 down okay so so you
just one zero
yeah you reach in and your hand makes
contact with something you're not sure
once it's solid fish that's when you
start to notice that like your belt is
like slowly starting to slide off and so
the the I'm gonna make you an offer you
can this will be a double this would be
a push on this roll you can keep it and
try and pull whatever you have out
mm-hmm and that's gonna need a roll or
you can pull out and you know not have
any chance of falling in the goo and I
have no idea what it is that I'm
grabbing I don't by the way it should go
without saying but putting your hand in
there is on the list of the least
pleasant thing it's like it's like
moving your hand in Dale outdoor cottage
cheese the smell speaking ever
experienced okay so I think I'm
committed to hopefully Pope Alexander if
where did that came from so yeah so how
are you gonna try and offer me a roll
I'd accept if you wanted to make a
strength roll to just try and yank
whatever this is out if you wanted to
make
a dex role to try and you know sort of
I'll do a strengthen okay all right so
the problem is you're only using one you
know like one hand because your other
hand asleep yeah grabbing onto Emma
format you know trying to get some sort
of purchase so what are you doing so
I say yeah I'm gonna try grabbing her
too
are you are you supporting her are you
pulling her back good morning she just
put her hand in there and you see her
like start to Teeter forward and I see
it fall you see Emma has her belt and
you like watch it's like in slow motion
like I'm gonna try grabbing your arm
okay but you're just importing her yeah
okay Jackson I am reaching in to where
her arm is to grant to help grab that
alright they want her luck roll nobody's
nobody's helping old Jackson yeah I've
spent a lot along yes you had mister NPC
yeah I would like to spend more can I
spend luck to get under the locker just
cannot spend luck on Aloha can can use
you could inspiration it I I miss not
only by nine thanks
so the the luck role is just to like see
so you you like try to put your hand in
and you just can't do it no yeah chance
I can't find what she well you're like
you're what it is is you can't convince
yourself no should I lean over enough to
reach into this thing because no one's
holding on to you right you know okay
you have to make that roll just to be
like this seems like an okay thing this
is something I will do alright so all of
this is happening and everybody make me
a spot hidden role three I see
everything
all right see I see your future you see
yes my future involves cookies yeah you
so somehow this is why the belt is
slipping because you're not paying
attention and I think the professor the
board professor Aldrich you're like
going hey is that de Mendoza oh I
thought you're gonna be like hey is that
cookies that distracted me and sure
enough where is our old buddy oh I wrote
on him what did you write on the back of
him yesterday okay something the other
one here you guys might need the you
guys might need the help yeah yeah
so Larkin coming down the hallway
towards you with a machete old pal de
Mendoza midfielder for the Boston
Marathon first name and last name dos
how's it according to me Mendoza is is
is advancing with with a machete and so
we're gonna go to initiatives so that's
just your decks so 70s anybody got a 70
weird the four days six days is I'm
gonna call them the least to keep Thomas
from Alexander's understood yes yes
definitely your combat character is a
down there so let's see everybody make
me a luck role whoever I'll wait no what
am I saying he's going to he comes
rushing in into the middle of all of you
so you'll all get a chance to do
something to him
and he's trying to cut the belt he's
like with you the machete yeah he just
does like comes in with the machete rude
so he like he hitches into the belt but
it's made of sturdy leather and he
couldn't quite get enough on it so but
you definitely feel like the belt like
there's no a notch in the belt it is
question
yep before how far away is from me can I
he's like punch he's like okay so he's
crushing so you're holding the belt so
he's like right there
mm-hmm and and he's basically in the
middle of all of you huh okay he seems
to have no fear of the bottomless tub of
goo when you gotta breathe
doesn't matter so he said by the way by
the way you still had cilantro you do
have cilantro I remember yes everybody
make me an intelligence right
this is anybody who makes you it's
starting to becomes a concerned about
how how long Alexandra's been down there
oh yeah and it shows no signs of
surfacing
alright that was 70 60s 50s out of 65 65
sorry when I see the you see space
that's open oh where the ward is you
mean yeah yeah you could probably you
could maybe jump to where it is but as
soon as you pick it up what happens to
the space where it was you go into the
goo that's the trick on a 23
intelligence I roll back also where's
the promise is gonna test that hold
Kevin PC died just like your Jackson I'm
going to testable can I shoot David
doors in the head all right so I'm gonna
you're gonna so he is right in the
middle of all of you so I'm gonna put a
challenge die on this so you're gonna
roll two tens and take the worst one and
boy if you fumble hilarity will ensue
yeah
also you three tens yes yes and you're
gonna take the worst one also you're
firing a large firearm in a very narrow
space who is gonna ask that but so you
know our machete yeah yeah you do
daughter
I need it I mean you totally can shoot
him it's just that generalize things you
could know I'll check you guys you guys
have blades I'm gonna jump into the spot
that has the thing with the wardens I
all right man okay
no he's just hiding from de Mendoza what
have been the best dream ever all right
make the iudex rolls I see a 40 I see a
while 41
that's totally made all right so you um
yeah you are you trying to pick it up
are you just are you just on island so
you're now on standing on a little
island about two-thirds of the way into
the goo there's like a little island of
three foot by one foot I mean I want
to then move like well are you picking
up the ward yes okay as soon as you pick
it up we'll come back to you on
initiatives one of these we're the 40
twins 40 we'll go this way this time
okay so I want to grab Mendoza's hand
the one that's holding the machete like
right at the machete in their hand so
that he can't take another swing at us
okay he will have a challenge you'll
have a challenge do you have any doubt
he does because of that okay and not
only that I'm hoping to to get a little
more stability for her so that as the
belt is kind of going like that I've got
him to sort of pull against okay I'll
die on your strength roll when we do
that what are you doing
and you been tried so I'm the link I'm
gonna really try to pull it up this time
okay this hopefully it's her can imagine
what else it might be under there oh I
totally made it okay so you you are
clearly aware that whatever you're
pulling up is large and there seems to
be there's resistance as you're pulling
it up so with one hand it's very hard on
you can't tell the resistances you know
the goop or so you you have you've made
some progress and getting it up next
round if you don't use two hands you're
gonna have a challenge
style man all right that is initiative
so on a 70 de Mendoza de Mendoza Damon
didn't you go I did yeah giving him a
challenged I I wasn't early and oh
I'm so sorry
it's all good thirties I'm gonna pull
up my machete and try chopping off his
hand do it
thank you Chris all distilled ice all
right so a machete does I think it's on
their ad8 plus your damage bonus machete
yes oh crap that's me but I don't think
you have a damage bonus no I doubt it
dammit it's a one okay he he but he
definitely he like well actually wait no
they don't feel pain he just like it get
chunks in there not again there's no
blood okay there's just a little bit of
white goo like a little drip it comes
out okay that was now we're back at the
top of the lineup
Damon dose is just gonna try and boot
you into the goo so this is gonna be an
opposed strength role so you're gonna
roll your strength I'm gonna roll my
strength and whichever one of us gets a
better success will will win the con
even if I'm holding on to her so you
know what bonus so you get here old
really well but I did do I roll over 20
what I mean how is that this fifty
it's way under okay he's got a critical
success he got the best success you can
get so roll that die again and hope that
you that tens again for her Emma's help
just the tens died and hope that you get
a critical success critical you need the
lowest one so it's ten I think ten yeah
yeah no okay so it didn't critically
families so you know you you roll very
well so he boots you he like just kicks
your legs out from under you and you are
now waist-deep and you you've let go of
whatever you were holding on to as
you're like flailing you have the edge
of the you grab the edge
the of the hallway which is a weird
thing to say but you feel yourself like
slowly slipping in like you can see your
hand sliding down as you have like
fallen in and you're slowly going down
I'm going to grab your hand well we'll
get that on the initiatives mmm that was
70s 65 I pick up a thing okay
oh that's right haha so as soon as you
pick up the thing the island you were
standing on is gone okay and so how did
hmm make a power roll yes all right yeah
just a regular just a regular success
okay so so you you get there and you
pick it up and there's a second where
like a wily coyote thing happens Suzanne
like that the ground under you
disappears you look down and then like
the the ward glows there's like a flash
of light and the ground under you is
back you lose one point of sanity for
seeing you know for having your life
saved in unfortunate ways we have one
pencil yeah all the waiters see there's
one boy sanity but you are not buried in
horrible fat that was 60s we go to the
40s we'll go this way this time so I'm
going in at about where so yeah it's
about up to here on you and you're like
so so here's the here's the hallway
which is about at your shoulder height
and you've like grabbed on okay how far
away is mitten he's right there he's
right there he's right in the middle of
all of him and nice all right so this
will be another opposed strength rule
now one thing to remember he's really
strong and he's rolling riding really
well
roll roll nice yeah use that role worse
okay he has a critical success
accounting that's so I've made it here's
the good news
you grab on to him to pull him in
and his pulling back pulls you out a
little all right other 40 so I've still
got his arm yes so he's pulling back can
I use his leverage against him to push
him down into the yeah sure yeah just
push him wherever like sure just push
him down do you want to so this could be
like some sort of judo thing and yeah
case I'd go with Dex what this could
just be like you know I'm trying to
throw you down your choice it'll be
opposed whichever way you do it yeah I
was would say let's do strength because
it's probably the okay you don't even
because I don't know if my character
would know the fact that you need to
lose your weight against you well he did
not get critical successful I did get um
hard success alright so you beat him so
yeah you throw him down yes make me a
leper old professor
alright because you were holding on to
him it all goes that way missed it by
three you missed it by that okay Wow
so that's not terribly so you're back in
the same situation you were in before
where de Mendoza goes flying over you
like I'm out of control you usually have
a sound like you're holding on to de
Mendoza and you let go just in time as
Emma just runs up and like body checks
Jamie knows that he goes flying into the
fat and just goes and he's under her
alright underwater fight and and again
there's no disturbance of the surface or
anything like that he just goes in uh
what do you got you want to grab your
hand and try to pulling you out right
make me a strength roll nope
alright so be you've got her yes you
know the inspire that well is biruté it
could also get worse yeah I'm gonna say
no is gone
you could bring got your ghost is gone
yeah that's been true
he's dead now I probably killed him this
time I really concern is that he's now
brushes against your leg awesome all
right I don't see on a 70 I roll some
eggs all right do you have a swim skill
hmm I do you should make a swim roll no
all right you are pulled under Oh
now so you this is the first time a
player's experienced this so you are
inside this thing of goo and your eyes
are open you make a luck roll let's see
if your mouth is open or closed okay so
you were right you mean closed right you
were totally surprised by this so you
act like you all see professor Glick
blah and blah hmm
so the weird part of this is under this
the surface is totally glassy so you see
all of them like looking down like as
you go down like you see a color man
your character says about him you say
jezebel like reaching like for you and
and you you feel like you could just
reach up and grab her hand but it seems
so far away you are also acutely aware
of three other things one is that de
Mendoza is below you and he has just a
death grip on your ankle yeah another is
that about well distances are hard to
judge but it seems like about 20 feet
that way which in your head you know is
impossible
you see Alexandra being spun into some
sort of cocoon by two of those white
worms
and make me a spot hidden rule the
things you notice when your yep okay
everything's fine
and that's the third thing you notice is
that there are two of those worms that
seem to be doing something to Alexandra
all right so everything's great
this is all awesome that was on a 70 60
s so she just went below the surf and
again
no no it's solid you know so my
original plan was get the thing fine
Alexandria now one thing that I forgot
to point out so this ward there's a
there's an exact that shape bright break
in the gold seal around here where the
all this goo is coming out so there's a
there's a hole in the wall all around
the pyramid there's a gold strip so and
this is what this is the break in that
strip then I'll just go straight to that
so you just like want to click it in
here okay um
make me a let's call it a strength roll
there let me move on
not touch Ami's dice 28 oh nice all
right so it this is like that satisfying
Lego there clicks right now not the
one in your foot all right so that
clicks in and you underwater de Mendoza
like suddenly starts and like starts to
like rive and and you see the two worms
have stopped doing whatever they were
doing to Alexandra and they're kind of
like shaking and and that was you okay
you click that in where you all notice
yeah as soon as he clicks that in
there's a the whole pyramid there's an
earthquake everything there's a there's
it's not a jolt it's like a rumble and
like there's dust falling from the
ceiling and it's it's it clicks in
perfectly and there's no seat like you
can't see the scenes and you swear that
the pool starts to like recede the
tiniest bit slowly
40s okay so where she is she hanging off
the edge still she is like right at the
end looking in okay so get get down
get down on your belly and I'll hold
your feet okay I was like I was started
laughing when you said that I'm like
keep it together it's gonna be fine it's
not gonna go wrong all right all right
you're smaller than me right yeah yeah
okay all right professor
um well de Mendoza still has my foot
yes it's gonna make a big change
although you know what actually I'm
gonna make a rule for him no he does not
like when he like shut when he like had
that convulsion he let go I go to it if
I can feel where the wall was cuz I fell
by it mhm if I can kick off that towards
Alexandria that's what I'm gonna do sure
make a swing roll again or maybe not
nope okay so you you I mean you do but
you are not you don't get as close to
her as you wanted to get because to get
distance like this does not feel normal
right like physics do not apply here and
this is when you start to realize that
your mouth is open but you don't feel
like you're drowning just have a strange
feeling right you feel like you're
possibly in taking some unfortunate
things and you know there's not great
Labor's going on okay I'm gonna probably
want to close your mouth yeah so you you
kick off and like it's almost like again
that feeling of resistance so that when
you kick off you like come forward you
get that burst of speed and then it just
stops and you're like reaching out
alright you're going in ya head first
all right are you gonna hold your breath
yes okay yeah grab everything so oh
do me a favor make a sanity roll because
you are in you know crystal clear goo
plane whee
yeah all right whoo I made that one okay
you lose one point of sanity so you
immediately as soon as you break the
surface you see exactly what I was
describing like you look back up and you
can see Emma like holding holding onto
your legs your legs look like they're a
long way away eventually let's go
involved or not and you see you see the
professor has kicked off and it's like
trying to swim towards Alexandra who is
who is really and you vet you also very
clearly see like when you're down there
you get a sense of the walls closing in
Oh God like whatever whatever this place
is it's becoming smaller okay
and and you're acutely aware that you
are half in and half out of this place
so if this place disappears half of you
will be left oh okay I'm gonna try
signaling to pull yeah shake comes out
oh are you trying to what well actually
yeah so a hand comes out jack waves what
are you gonna so I'm gonna pull her back
cuz obviously she's all right and I'm
gonna tell you everything now so today
you are covered in just like rotten
pungent gross stop think of that just
think of it is like beef fat just
melting hello yeah exactly
you're a candle now Oh No whatever
happened to that torch I probably the
ground somewhere waiting to blow oh no
dynamite gets wet in human fat in human
yeah when I still amiable liquid ha ha
ha okay
that was 30s you see de Mendoza like
sort of trying struggling to get back to
the surface he's clearly in a
we love pain you reach Alexandra and you
see the two worms that are around her
are like shriveling in front of your
eyes well Alexandra is she has very
familiar like burns around her mouth and
she her hands she seems frozen
her eyes are milky white and her hands
are at her throat and like you can see
the the hurt her hands are white from
like she is she choking herself or
something but that's that's what you see
interesting okay grab her and I try to
go up okay well we're out so to
get my bearings or something like that
so make me a con roll you've been in
here a little while to have nope okay um
here's the weird part you don't feel
anything
uh-huh but you you've taken your taking
one hit point of damage from drowning
but you're not aware you're drowning oh
oh you will be when you get out of this
stuff oh sure but for some reason in
okay that was Rebecca Jackson Elias so
she just pulled a Jezebel out of there
basically everything's fine accomplished
let's go there's still two of me I just
saved the day why are you guys that's
what the thing in the bank so when so in
previous episode Jackson saw where she
went in issue so he's gonna reach in and
nothing nothing mr. white so you're
you're reaching in and I'm like you've
only missed it by one so your hand like
brushes across you're gonna get an
advantage dying next time on your next
action because you see Jackson elias's
hand coming down there grab it that was
and the 40 so we'll go this way this
time so you have an advantage die for
your swim roll to just get yourself out
so roll to in I totally did well it's
not gonna get better than that all right
you couldn't hold Eero I rolled a 10
okay so yeah it's actually not gonna get
better than that so you you grab
using Jackson Eliza's hand you're like
pull yourself your head above and as
soon as your head is above this stuff
yeah like your lungs are burning mm and
they feel like you know you're the
probably the worst part of this is your
stomach feels full yeah and so like you
break and you just start retching I
think but your your Union you've got a
death grip on it you're just like I've
clamped onto him and not her and you've
got to you've got Alexandra there
pulling up so you to get you all
together we'll pull them up I'm gonna
come out of initiatives and lay them to
the side and about over the course of 10
minutes the fat just starts to recede it
takes about that long to sort of like
get everybody situated and all that
stuff you are in a very bad way like you
are you are retching up gross back
Alexandra is non-responsive her eyes are
still milky white and she still seems to
be choking herself her hands are just
like you know you can see the muscle the
like the muscle strain on her hands and
she has the chemical burns around her
mouth in between heaving which I've
managed to me probably do for just a
split second we need to get her throat
clear somebody could do first aid to
like look at Alexandra not really
yeah well yeah all right Alexander yeah
and the professor about the professor at
larger agency make a con role professor
I'll make a first date role yeah nope
did you all try yeah there's no sense
not trying unless you pump does its
third the console so your start getting
her starting 96 of them no good I made
it I made my con nice anybody so yeah
your your you know you have your little
Brit and you're starting to come back um
your your throat like you know that
feeling of heartburn when your throat it
has like weird like bile but it kind of
burns your throat feels a little bit
like that okay yeah okay will you so you
might have a Warner but I when she's
okay when you say that you clearly see
that there is something like she is she
is Turk she was tourniquet self
essentially and keeping the worm from
getting down into her stomach
but now the worm is dead and it's just
lodged in her air pipe but she's not
reacting at all and her eyes are still a
disturbing Milky Way so can we roll her
over and open her mouth
sure look I've heard of this German
doctor also you actually when you when
you go into clear her you know clear her
mouth you can see like a white mass at
the very back of her throat grab it
tongs tweezers fingers fingers so you
pull it out and you're not a doc do
you have medicine at all I have one
a little medicine you should take a look
I'm gonna get the whole worm
I made it oh wow okay so you you pull
out this massive white goo and and
Alexandra starts breathing again you are
looking in there and I mean you don't
know what it would look like if someone
drank acid right but her throat looks
really messed up really for a like
chemical burn that came out the same
chemical burn it seems like on the
inside of her throat it's it's not good
she needs we need so she has a real
Hospital yeah milk or something that we
need something basic to get her throat
she's got too much to give a lot of
alcohol
okay charcoal so charcoal help charcoal
so that ten minutes you know they're the
the the puddle is completely gone and
the there hasn't been another rumble
from the pyramid so it seems like maybe
you closed it up I have in sense well
the smell is getting better here the
smell I'm into you guys smelly terrible
yeah covered in glue so someone
Alexandra is non-responsive someone
she's alive she has a vitals that you
know her vitals are strong but she's
non-responsive and she's she's in a coma
or something I and her like your truck
you have to work to get her hands off of
her throat and when you do like there
are just marks like her nails had dug
into her throat so hard like that's the
only reason that that she didn't become
a car a theory is that she tourniquet at
herself it's at some apparently great
cost speech speaking of car sir was the
Larkin one or was Larkin just a dude
I see this he was a mark that's probably
a sacrifice sacrifice sacrifice for this
creature maybe we should follow through
with that it's not gonna bad guy are we
bad guys we don't want to raise this
thing out of the girl hmm would be
very bad for all of us yeah so we should
get her out of here we should get her
back to doctor mm-hmm is all the way
back in Lima well so in Pune oh you
think maybe naira could help some with
you know folk remedies and things like
that but really you need to get her to
Lima yeah and you know that from Pune oh
you can actually take a train and then a
boat which might be faster than the
trucks to get to Lima you're not you're
not 100% sure about that so so yeah you
you are gonna leave the pyramid I guess
yeah we have to at least to get her on a
trailer so you you you ran a rope down
that chimney and you can climb back up
uh you know Jackson can put Alexandra
over his shoulder and climb up that's no
problem when you get there
you you see Larkin up by the by the
animals and he like waves okay let's go
let's go run back up there are you
just gonna leave the pyramid I mean I
don't want to but we have to even if we
stay we have to get her on Oh on him
right donkey so when you get else knows
about this pyramid well besides all the
cars Syria that are just wandering the
desert who is this gooey stuff gone gone
and is there any remnants left of so
there's not and actually when you say
that to them you even noticed that the
fissure on top of the pyramid is gone
where's de Mendoza
did he get swallowed up by this I hope
so I hope he's dead I'm just gonna leave
his thing out there for now I'm sure
he's dead
yeah I'm sure we've killed him for the
second time and Larkin is not I doubt it
I don't know wasn't he working with dosa
he's what's Damon in the world of coal
to knowledge practices and things like
that he sees what's considered a
sacrifice so he knows heartfully
anything no your letter considered for
most cult religions they have a process
where you feed the greater deities
bodies or sacrifices of some sort and
unfortunately he was marked it's
terrifying that she knows this by the
way you know but she says this very
officiously yeah you know but he was on
board with that well I don't think so I
think he was under de Mendoza's Damon's
control well and I mean according to
according to him he was being threatened
yeah he was yeah he was like David oh so
he said that he was given a tattoo he
was forced him what do you think this
was he doesn't watch this show so you're
going back up so when you get back up
there
lark is there and his what happened well
I there was an earthquake oh my god what
happened to her are you a doctor does he
know of medicine of archaeology but
um I know a little first date I could
take a look yes please
all right oh man good role so he he
like tries to like he essentially he
just just like pouring water and stunt
you know trying to not doing a whole lot
but he's he's getting the he's trying to
clean out all the vile and stuff and
that sort of thing and
um do you have any outdoor cottage
cheese or a turkey she left it all down
there so he actually pulls out a bottle
of liquor of like sort of some
high-proof and he he's like we need to
clean that out whatever is in there but
it'll burn her more well she needs
something to neutralize the acid first
and then clean it up
what do we have like an egg
do we have an egg we could crack open
for some milk or we don't know we don't
I mean it we could make some charcoal
paste from charcoal fire food that would
also do it like three days from whoo yo
just talking about neutralizing your
poison that asset dinner all right all
right yeah let's start a fire I think
that'll work
okay yes maybe I collect some wood dude
Oh Cap'n oh so you two are kind of
working on her make me a luck roll no
okay so they are all off you are alone
with Larkin and now so kids at home in a
normal game that I'm running I would
pull somebody aside and do this in
private but we've got a table full of
great players so they're gonna hear some
things that they don't know and they're
not gonna do anything about it because
they don't know can I keep it but so you
guys are tending to her Larkin perfect
title here Larkin looks at you and his
eyes go completely black and he looks at
you and he says destroy that pyramid and
you have a compunction to take that
dynamite and blow up the pyramid whoa
like and I can't resist it that was what
the power rule was that's what the power
oh wait you made a leper also make a
power rule making power
got a 75 power yes
all right Italy so here's how critical
yes all right so his eyes go black and
he says that to you and you're like what
and in that second he is I his eyes turn
back and he touches you on the forehead
dang it I want to just subterfuge that
wait you made it what did you make it
harder critical it was accessible
oh alright then so he touches you on the
forehead and like his hand comes back
and his eyes go dark again and he looks
at you and mmm man critical success on
that now what is he gonna do he's
worried about you he starts to speak in
a language you've never heard before
I said everybody make a listen roll you
don't need nope
yeah yeah all right so you hear you guys
are all off collecting wood and you hear
you hear Larkin like murmuring in a
weird voice we'll come back to you in a
second okay what are you gonna do I mean
I'm listening why do you want me to blow
ah he rolled too well
the blackness from his eyes just
envelops you so what are you doing I
poked the bear what you image was
speaking you all you know you heard them
you heard the voice you couldn't make
out words okay but it sounded it didn't
sound it sounded weird
all right what is what is he doing so
you come back you come around the corner
and he's like standing over the
professor's body like oh no oh my and he
sees you think she needs help I run over
to help her all right her eyes are
totally black which is not weird I mean
at all and he says I she suddenly
started like convulsing and one of those
worm things skidded out of her mouth and
and ran off from when she went under you
can make a psych home in Oh nope oh my
god a worm wait wait where did it go you
over there somewhere
oh wait was it a black worm all of a
sudden his eyes go dark make a power
rule hmm critical eyes dark and he says
just and like his voice gets that weird
like duotone thing of like I'm a demonic
villeneuve and I destroy that pyramid
yes sir
nice oh yeah yep 28 that's a hard
success oh all right
so that is roll your damage dice twice
and take the best one home wait 2010
it's a six all right
plus two so you both here well you don't
care you hear a gunshot from back you
both hit gunshot back at camp make a
con roll okay yes all right so you're
gonna start waking up up the noise of a
45 going KaBlam
Larkin staggers back and you did six
eight eight ouch
okay Larkin staggers back and he seems
to he seems to like stand up a little
straighter and he says you fools
you could not hope to stop the bloody
tongue this is merely one of my aspects
the father of maggots was the simplest
of my aspects you shall encounter five
more each one more terrible than the
next and you cannot stop that which is
coming and then he dies like and as he
was speaking like part his part of his
head was kind of slough fell off but he
seems pretty mean like he he's not he's
totally human so like you just you shot
him right in the head and he had like
one minute of you know demonic soliloquy
[Laughter]
just shoot him again I tried to give you
a key thanks mr. Hughes Jackson and
so Larkin dies and there's a there's
starts to descend into the ground which
is just a constant run we'll run away
from it so yeah you guys take off and so
remember this pyramid was kind of in a
valley around a plateau and a good chunk
of the plateau starts to go down as well
and after a you run about a half mile
away and there is no sign of the pyramid
there's no sign of any of that site it's
all gone
that's sudden the earth came in on top
of it as well actually it just looks
like the pyramid went down much like
much like kind of you know how people
sort of like descended into the fat or
whatever this was just the pyramid track
like traversing through the earth which
was you know an alarming thing to see uh
but you you feel like you've saved you
know you have you've defeated a horrible
manifestation of who knows what you've
you now you know we get the we get the
indiana jones sort of redline travel as
you head back to pune oh you're you're
thanks to that good medicine roll and
the first aid that you can do you manage
to keep Alexandra stabilized she does
not come out of whatever coma she's in
and when you finally now get to Lima you
take her to the to the hospital where
the doctor is so glad to see you again
he's like one more and he tells you that
this woman needs to stay here for you
know a considerable amount of time uh
and you're you know I mean she's gonna
be in the hospital for probably months
okay he won't let her travel so do you
go back to New York are you gonna wait
we have to I mean there's one thing cash
I can paid yeah unless did anybody take
any gold from the temple no so ya know
you guys got paid for this Larkin you
know his dad
Larkin his dad is well did not mention
you have any money on him Vinny Anna you
know checking the body I recall you
running away from a pyramid quake so
before we do that like I do want to stay
for a while you don't even I don't have
to have back sure you know I mean so
here's how I'll do it cuz I also want to
know where gold I got a right use now I
want you to tell me what you heard him
say or whatever - yeah tell us oh you
know he said blow up the pyramid and I
shot him in the face
what else so he told me - okay look the
pyramid as well his eyes got all black
eyes were black and he I could oh that's
right trying to control me to know that
I resisted it you know like I felt this
wave like an critic I also did you know
but then I resisted it and then this
black mist came over me from him I felt
like he was like possessing me or
something
and the next thing I know you're
shooting but after I shot as he was
dying he said that he was just a mere
aspect of some greater very thank your
God okay and that there were five
five one was the father of maggots yes
it would be a just defeat but there were
five more each more terrifying than the
next so counting them in that order like
a challenge rating an asset aspect or
aspect I was like oh that that he was an
aspect and that he has many many others
not just the five there did oh there's
other Larkin was slightly fonder of
maggots no the pharmacy a lot of maggots
was the thing in mountain but Larkin was
the aspect of whatever in your eyes yeah
so he's like the puppet okay so it's
that count is to I don't know cuz I do
want to do I want to do some research if
I'm in Li mo sure have access and right
- aren't they cute
Oh Francois write all this stuff down
and and and start works on actual
ecology here's how we're gonna sort of
hand wave this you if you want to stay
in Peru you need to make a credit rating
role to be able to afford to live
without working essentially okay also
only Jackson speaks Spanish which in
you Josie you now know how to ask for
your burrito - good
Hari party var porfavor very important
so go ahead if you just want to head
back to America totally cool
who's staying in Lima I mean honestly I
want to stay for a little bit since I do
some research
I'm responsible for bringing them down
here finally Alexandra
okay you know like checking in on her so
hospital read books to her and
things like that okay and do some study
she everybody staying Cantonese so she's
in the funny oh yeah I'll go to put okay
so you you do you head off to put yo
that's no problem I run I'm cheesecake
Wow we don't have any of the house yeah
that is not that was our secret word I'm
never mind case anything happens n-word
no nononono so let's do that for a
minute and we're gonna we're gonna take
a break in a few minutes but so you got
an IRA and what do you what do you I
just want to learn from her oh I like
it okay so it's it's a weird sort of
like you know you don't speak Spanish
she doesn't speak English but she
clearly recognizes you know you tell her
the tale of what happened yeah and you
know she tells you that you have driven
the you've destroyed the Cara Seri the
father of maggots was their power and
you've you've undone it so there there
are no more car Assyrian so you've
lifted a great burden from her people so
she will happily teach you let's say you
get can I have like ghost translators
just summon them no but she has a one of
the villagers man you gained whoo
you gain nine points of a cult skill
whoo yeah as she tells you sort of the
the mysteries of her people and sort of
the folklore and things like that
and you kind of at one point you do a
tarot reading for her mm-hmm and did you
bring your cards there over there don't
worry about but you do a reading for
her and she is like fascinated by by
she's never seen anything like this you
know they don't they weren't really into
fortune-telling
they were very into sort of the calendar
and you know using the moon and that
sort of thing and so you spend you spend
like a month in Pune Oh working with her
that's where you get all that occult
skill and you've gained so you now have
on the back of your character sheet
there's like a box I think it's like
where is maybe I'm saying it wrong but
there's there's a fourteenth own spells
artifacts encounters with strange
entities phobias manias and race cars
significant people so super and so
insignificant people you now have a
connection with Mara
now she's not somebody that you can like
Telegraph you know but you can get ahold
of her and it'll take time but she can
sort of be a source of information for
you about occult things and about the
spirit world because she knows a great
deal about it and she also she will also
give you you can choose she will either
teach you sort of her her people's
healing ways or she'll teach you their
natural ways so you can choose if you
want to gain some first aid or some
natural world skill mm-hmm
let's see first aid I'll go with first
aid okay so you gain five points of
first aid yay
so she teaches you like herbal remedies
and like poultice --is that they make
and that sort of thing that that you can
now use cool those of you staying so
you're gonna be studying at the library
or going to the library I also want to
UM write back to my friend father Peter
Martino yes just tell him like about the
discussion about the dynamic the demonic
aspect of this whole
about sure how people are possessed you
know I mean some of them were sort of
mindless the whole black coup and just
ask for any additional research with the
resources that he has and that I will
you know I mean I'm gonna stay here for
as long as the funds allow yeah and well
actually we are writing him that and I'm
telling that yeah you can stay you can
stay for as long as you need and that
the funds would you know I mean and that
through the research and then I'll
return well sure
exactly and you're gonna work on a new
book and actually you decide that the
title of this book is gonna be demon to
us too it's called the hungry dead you
write a book about the hunk called the
hungry dead that is focused on the Cara
Seri myth and the realities of it and
this is sort of you know this is a new a
new take for Jackson alive he's like
anecdotal experiences yes it is not
debunking so much well actually that's a
question so do you want to do you want
to sort of go the the it's all a it's
all a swamp gas route and sort of or do
you want to like no I'm gonna I'm gonna
go out and so I'm gonna describe all of
this and then duty as some astronaut
alien theorists theorists so as some
Cultus theorists thing saying some
people think that it did and they
believe all right make me a sanity rule
let's see how are you gonna start to get
did you roll an oh no a 63 I made it
okay so so yeah you you would you walk
that line if you'd missed the sanity
roll you would have no it would have
been a pretty pretty out there Bulls
like a cross out you might force or so
I've heard
all right and so what are you doing his
timing are you leaving Peru or I'm
staying by Road to keep an eye on
Alexandra and also so what's your
teaching situation University that's a
good question what time of year was this
this was January so you could probably
get away with winter you know staying
for the winter but probably around March
you need to get you know you they will
start to wonder you know are you taking
a sabbatical or it depends on the
condition of Alexandria if she isn't
well well not only that I mean not that
I'm we have to think about her therapy
because how is she gonna sing with like
a burned
yeah I think I'm gonna get in a new line
of business so that is the thing so
about well let's get back to so it
really just depends if she's not going
to wake up anytime soon like five so
most one she is not woken up okay so by
by the middle of February and they you
know the doctors are just keeping her
alive there's no you know there's no
surgeries that they can do or anything
like that
her eyes seem to have stopped being that
milky-white but they're still like they
used to be
sorry Tiana I don't know what carat
color your characters eyes were put it
in the chat tell me in the chat will
come and they work that's what the good
thing about having Thomas here but her
eyes have have become much they're
lighter like her eye her eye color has
changed and the doctors you know yeah
you you at some point you mentioned that
she was an opera singer and the doctor
to happen anytime soon probably mmm
so I'm gonna be honest I'm hand-waving
the scene cuz I really don't want to I
don't I don't want to play a PCS Karen
or them you know there's so there's a
scene that needs to be had of Alexandra
like telling you all like she's yeah her
experience and so here's what we'll do
um month well after a month
she's a week and the doctors say you can
see her and they also say that she
cannot speak and that she doesn't want
to see anyone she's not in a good way
like mentally she's not she's not she
has no interest in talking to anyone but
the doctor is happy to let you in and
all that will happen during that meeting
whatever you say is she has a notebook
and she just writes go away over and
over and over and just like won't even
make eye contact with you and I think
that's where we're gonna go to break on
a downer note do you think somebody the
Sun break thankfully this break will
have all audio no video see it might
have audio might have video might be an
AV presentation I got the help side of
it we'll go overhead scanner we can
start here we go we're gonna break it
hello everyone and welcome to quests and
chaos we are a tabletop RPG and board
game channel we are streaming three
times a week on twitchin uploading board
games to YouTube this Kickstarter is our
official launch of March we are going to
run this Kickstarter for 30 days with
the goal of $1,500 what this will do is
provide the upfront cost for us to
create merch for our channel so we are
gonna create stickers and mugs and
t-shirts the good news is we've already
created two of those things so we have
stickers and we have mugs ready to go
out the door as you can see on the side
we've got a number of cool perks the
first one is you just kind of you know
helping us out and saying here's five
bucks we like what you're doing and in
return we're gonna send you a sticker
the next one up is our infamous mug it
is a 16 ounce Gila mug and it holds the
beverage of your choice whether that's
coffee tea or beer the next one up is
our logo shirt this cool logo put on a
t-shirt that you wear that's pretty
awesome then we have the natural one
logo t-shirt start your week off right
with a critical fail that's what bog
C Williams says our final t-shirt in
this initial Kickstarter allows you to
show your support of the Kaos agents as
well as the immaculate guilt of octa
peers thank you guys for watching this
video
we really appreciate you tuning in every
week live watching our videos on YouTube
this Kickstarter is a way for you to
support the channel and get something in
return out of it so we think it's a
win-win for all of us and we really
appreciate you taking the time to check
out this Kickstarter but I feel
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
unmute it okay there we go now we're
back okay we're actually welcome back
I want to remind everybody that we are
giving away a copy of cultist simulator
so in the chat make sure you enter
hashtag cults with an s not a C because
they're not extreme cults so internet
hashtag in there must be present to win
employees of chaos quest and chaos not
eligible
sorry Tennessee yep present of mind to
must be present lying to win so when we
went to break we we sort of we ended for
this session Alexandra's part of the
story she will in a couple months when
she's well enough to travel she will go
back to New York on her own and we will
reconnect with her next episode but you
are aware that she is not in a good
headspace and that she will never sing
again that's ad should we send her
something every day not in a weird
stalker kind of way but just what do you
send the opera singer that's lost
everything do you want a lozenge whoa
fancy knives it's yeah they might come
back to you so you were both talking
about wanting to do some research you
went you talked to naira
you're working on your book and you
gained some occult you two are studying
you were talking about studying chorus I
can't occult
no is the other way around I wanted
right you want to study the the demon
and the Mac that is this a demon that's
known or is this something new so you to
sort of work together and you're you're
connecting some dots the museum actually
is a better resource than the library in
Lahore in New York here in leap years I
mean I'm assuming you're staying at me
Matthew
so again it becomes clear that the
connection here was the conquistadors
taking that piece of gold
that load that that broke the guard
around the the father of maggots and
buddy but it didn't totally break it and
so we can only get out in small ways and
it also becomes clear that the the car
series sort of the the switch to the car
serie of being intelligent seems to
connect with Larkins first expedition to
one of those pyramids about ten years
ago and so whatever took whatever Larkin
was he seemed to imbue the Cara Seri
with this intelligence and that's why
you know he could harness them and use
de Mendoza and that's something you also
you do a little studying Jackson Elias
mentioned that one of the things Larkin
said was he talked about the bloody
tongue and Elias knows this but you guys
also find some references the cult of
the bloody tongue seems to be a cult
that's based in Kenya a it's it's a they
do a lot of killing of tourists but you
know in Kenya and and foreigners it's
you know it's hard to tell what is sort
of you know there's clearly some sort of
ritualistic wrapping to it but are they
also just terrorists you know who knows
that a lot of the news coverage is that
they're just terrorists okay and they're
literally based in at in Kenya okay and
there's is there anything that we find
like by reading articles or whatever is
there anything weird to that killing of
like is there is it more terror is it
more like we're doing a ritualistic
sacrifice or is it cannibalism like
what's make me see here I'm like I don't
normalize one again
that's an 8 there it is huh make me a
library use roll please oh yeah okay you
find in in all of your random searches
you find you find a reference to
something that you heard about a little
before the Carlisle expedition both
mm-hmm okay so go ahead and give that a
read okay so this is is this really from
a New York u newspaper I mean it's no
it's the that's the Lovecraft society
thing okay it up nobody I mean like when
I find this yes for me it's a clip from
a New York newspaper yes Carlisle
expedition feared lost no word in months
on safari in Kenya and then it says by
Reuters to the pillow to the pillar and
repost Mombasa October 15th but it
doesn't do I know what year 1919 okay
October 15th 1919 uplands police
representatives today asked for public
assistance concerning the possible
disappearance of the Carlisle expedition
no word of the party has been received
in nearly two months the group includes
wealthy New York playboy Roger Carlisle
and four other American citizens as well
as respected Egyptologists sir Aubrey
hen Hugh of the UK and that Aubrey's his
first name in PE and hgw you've heard of
mr. peg at by the way yep Roger Carlisle
in Aubrey penny oh the expedition left
Nairobi on August 3rd presents a student
sensibly on safari but rumor
it's like perked insisted yes yeah it's
compressional yeah the news printed sir
yep rumor insisted that they actually
were after legendary biblical treasures
Carlisle and his what what okay Andy
calm down Carlisle and his party
reportedly intended to explore portions
of the Great Rift Valley to the
mm-hmm and so probably only you and you
you've heard of the Carlisle expedition
before the car likes petition was a
famous expedition
Roger Carlisle was essentially Larkin on
steroids
he was you know rich playboy tons of
money let's go to Egypt and find cool
stuff and they went from London to Egypt
and they they spent time in Egypt and
then they went to Kenya and the the
Kenya part was strange because people
just said hey let's go this will be fun
let's go on safari in the middle of all
this and and they went there and so as
you as you sort of spend time with the
Carlisle expedition you find let's see
yeah let's let Rebecca read this one all
right also from the New York Times this
is May 24th 1924 a Lyell Massacre
confirmed by readers to the pillar flash
reposts Nairobi May 24th the massacre of
the long-missing Carlisle expedition was
confirmed today by district police
representatives Roger Carlisle New
York's roll licking playboy is counted
among the dead authorities blame hostel
Nandi tribesmen for the shocking murders
remains of at least two dozen expedition
members and bearers are thought found in
a remote region of the Opera
da-rae forest America Carlisle
Roger Carlisle sister and apparent heir
to the Carlisle family fortune led to
dangerous search for her brother and his
party she accredited tqu tribesmen for
the discovery through police actually
found
among other expedition members believe
lost our sir Aubrey Penn you noted
Egyptologists New York socialite hi
patty Alicia
Hypatia masters and dr. Robert Hudson
many bearers also are reported dead and
so the stuff you find clearly makes just
makes connections between the bloody
tongue being the master the people who
massacred the Carlisle expedition but
that does not show up in the newspapers
that's an ear more spurious in your line
of the of the literary world message
online message boards they go to our
Carlisle may be sure I don't know I say
a lot of stuff remembering it 50/50 hey
thank you for the rain material
component tonight as welcome to the
chaos wow you know material on I was
trying to do a material components note
but you know much like every D&amp;D game
I've ever played who has those material
components I've got a bag full of bat
guano sure and diamond dust actually
that's funny the diamonds were the only
one that ever got used resurrection
always had its material component
nothing else did
see I know D&amp;D alright so so yeah that's
some research you get about you guys are
all staying at the hotel Europa because
you're still it's it's been these a
Larkins diet
yeah it's ain't paid for until the end
of the month okay so that first month
you're staying at that at the hotel and
you're you're essentially sort of going
from the museum to the middle to the spa
if it's on Larkins bill the hotel does
not have much of a spa spa going in but
everybody make me a spot he didn't roll
I'm in the village with great so I'm
like oops
no yes yes so
you both notice that you are being
followed at various points like it's
there clear there are clear instances of
you know people noticing your movements
and sort of tracking you kind of kind of
look at Elias the cheesecake doesn't
smell good yes it's outside cheesecake I
think we should get a drink somewhere
what do you think sure yeah we should
get a drink - am i with them just kind
isn't there some sort of no rotating bar
there's no rotating bar you know you are
in Lima Lima there's a Tucker you don't
yeah yeah yeah we can do that
oh no I'm hungry Rico all right so three
um let's see how - okay so you you go in
the taqueria and you're gonna you know
is this gonna start like we first met
I'm just blurting things and you point
out to do you point out to the other two
like like sure I could eat yeah so
you've actually trying getting like a
black booth in the back in the corner
you'd be like yeah we're being followed
totally beautiful by who when you say by
who of course I said door is a man of
there's a there's a very tall African
man and three three Peruvian
light-skinned people and
they you know they sort of they come in
and the one of the Peruvians says
something in Spain law use yeah
Oh everybody now has a ten percent in
Spanish so you can Spanish yeah you gain
ten do our game town
sure sure here at MPC good you have you
have is amazing in everything except in
role-playing in Spanish the guy says
everybody out I'm gonna sit down just
yet set it down I'm just gonna eat drink
my beer hang out the African demand
stays in the door just standing there um
the three local muscle you know they
come up to you and you know you can all
get the gist of it you you understand
this and and they basically tell you to
leave you should leave Lima tomorrow if
you are here tomorrow will well do more
than talk to you do they have any
recognizable tattoos you don't see any
okay they're they're wearing they're
fully clothed okay you know they're
there but they're so so it's that they
they say if you're still here tomorrow
you know we're gonna do more than talk
to you what you what did we do
I should have stayed in the village
I'm a writer I'm a professor we know
what you did at the pyramid
what pyramid why didn't do anything
thing about how are you guys leave if
you are here tomorrow I'm sorry I mean
it wasn't a real you'd use a mirage and
who are you why should we listen to your
authority you you're just giving us
empty threats right now and I don't
really the African well he says
something in a language you don't
recognize mm-hmm that like stops them in
their tracks and and then he says to
them he says in English leave me alone
with them and the three guys are like
okay we're being paid and they leave hmm
I pick up my talk oh yeah and eat that
burrito and he says I give you one
opportunity to leave if you leave
tomorrow no harm will befall you you
leave and you never think about anything
you might have learned here go home live
your life and do not interfere with that
which you do not understand is there
anywhere and particularly we should not
tell go home leave your life I travel I
debunk mysteries write a book sit stay
okay when they leave my parents when
they told me what to do unless they gave
me a good reason so who are you at least
I mean it's very generous that you're
being nice of us to not to kill us or
you huh friend warned
and he turns around oh I get up and
followed him yeah okay yes I'm stealthy
not goes so you're staying in the
taqueria I know I will I will follow at
a distance yeah I'm gonna stealth all
right make a rule 54 dammit no no in
stealthy at all okay I guess I'm too
pretty drew I'm too pretty to be
stealthy look at her as I get up like I
click my my gun my change go click
alright audibly okay on purpose
um he goes back to a not very nice hotel
hmm and the three guys are nowhere to be
seen
hmm and he goes into the hotel I saw
dynamite in my bra guy it's really
getting uncovered if we use it we
was the boob dynamite yeah so did he
walk there be one long time
yeah alright just following him all the
way there yeah he goes in he he seems
aware of you following him and it's
about 6 o'clock at night
sure hmm keep walking
he goes into the hotel I following me
okay same clothes and I'm like fifty
hundred paces behind them he's going up
to his room create I follow him and if
he hasn't turned around I'll just keep
following him all up to his door go to
the front desk and find out who that
dude is that okay he unlocks his door
and he turns around can I come in for a
drink you will not like what you find
him here
you'd be surprised I've seen all kinds
of things I don't judge people he steps
away from the door then be my guest
hmm saunter Zen you go in yeah all right
we're going in new initiatives insult
well first we're gonna do sand rolls so
inside my god why not all right well so
what floor did they go - they went you
don't know I mean I don't know but okay
well they're absolutely this is a crappy
hotel there are only two floors okay so
it's it would be small enough that if I
could if I heard a scream I could you
know alright so you open the door and as
soon as you open it your brain wants to
think that this is the largest parrot
you've ever seen but it is mangy and
looks like it's covered in blood and
parrots don't normally have a mouth full
of like sharp teeth hmm
and it it is utterly silent it like
looks at you when you come in and its
eyes are semi-intelligent and it let it
it like opens its mouth like it's
letting out a roar but there's no sound
and you hear click as he closes the door
behind you mm-hmm
so both you make me say any roles shark
parrot hole 15 Wow all right you've each
lose
you each lose three points of sanity
from this thing this is the this is the
new worst thing you've ever seen that
list will continue to grow I think so
that's gonna be initiatives shark parent
yep
you know when you when you follow bad
people sometimes bad things happen it's
a mangy shark parrots
I wonder what if its name is Polly it's
a boy can we tell that eighty its name
is eat your face it will leap at name is
absurd or EF its name is something
unpronounceable with you know a human
vocal cords just a minute one two three
is following you all right yeah so you
need you should make a dodge roll I
highly recommend it alright so I did a
65 this awful thing it leaps at you and
as it comes up you notice that it has it
has hands somehow like like that it's
wings are more like bat wings and it has
these huge claws and it leaps at you and
just rakes you with the it it like it
grabs onto your shoulder actually yeah
this is better it grabs onto your
shoulders and then it uses its hind
claws to just raping down you I want to
scream yes I think that is an op he'll
take you take seven points of damage
oh speaking of which did we do any
feeling in the last yes you you healed
all the damage I took before and make a
con role taking that much damage is cut
shocked critically made it okay well
everything's fine there is now blood
pouring down your front from this
massive wound and that was on ATS 74
ducts yeah yeah 60 they're on a 60
the guy comes walking down the stairs
and he dolf's a had at you and starts to
walk out did we get his name when we
were at the front desk
I don't think we had much time for that
yeah because because I don't know where
you were yeah you guys just came in as
he walks out okay you got a 65 I see
him going on yep you don't see your two
let's go in I'm gonna go after him okay
I'm gonna follow him yeah all right uh
you've got a yeah where you are the
other four DS go away did we hear a
scream yeah yeah okay yes I'm gonna wait
guy in it following okay forty what are
you doing I'm gonna go in okay all
right I'm going I'll be intentionally be
like asking the front desk there's a guy
like that I got a soccer magazine yeah
you know with like a fan you know sort
of like languorous Lee going and he
seems very bored okay and I just want to
I tried my worst best Spanish I mean mom
to find out who that what the name of
that gentleman was okay he says that is
that is Senor Smith okay great
no no we don't ask questions aside he's
paid up all right that'll be human 40
40 are my hands-free and is my hand
still on the gun your hand is on your
gun it's quite close to you so I'll
actually give you an advantage dying it
well you have an advantage style I did
have in a minute so roll the tent again
yes there we go yep alright 9 so roll
the image 4000 d-10 right 8 all right so
you you like put the gun into its side
and and you like pull the trigger and it
seems like the bullet kind of stops in
it there's some damage like there's some
blood coming out of it but you feel like
it's got some sort of armor or something
there's not and you didn't tell you did
8 yep
right holy cow
well welcome to the cast right now
there's a super angry parrot cutting up
to a little tardy mr. Charney Harry John
Jerry
yes shorten parrot there lurking an
important lesson that if a bad guy says
follow me and go into the room first you
should not go into the room first if he
says get out of Lima he was he was super
not like you he would say he told them
they wouldn't like what they found in
their paper he was mr. Smith he's gonna
sell he's gonna sell you straight so you
you scream and you could do something
else as well I'm gonna try prying the
shark bird off of her okay let's call
that a strength oh boy you know what I'd
allow you to do an unarmed combat role
also if you'd prefer where is the
it's the same number there you go which
I did not make okay um
it did also so it you you two are kinda
if you're trying to pull it off and it's
like flapping its wings and like trying
to get you off of it it's seen it still
got its two hands like jammed into her
shoulders
alright so you both hear a gunshot and a
scream I've got them up there I'm
running up this ease does he flinch to
see you oh he just keeps going he's
walking in a very like if this guy would
strut he'd be strutting right now I'm
going upstairs
um gonna turn around go upstairs - okay
all right that'll be here two
initiatives he'll you'll be in that
you'll be back up there the next round
um on an 80 shark parrot has now grabbed
you and rended you it's gonna try and
luckily you cannot fumble with natural
weapons it like so it goes to bite you
and you like dodge out of the way and
its head goes through the wall and you
hear a scream from the reason there is a
and it just went like crash just right
through that I mean you know the walls
not so green here anyway but it
definitely went just crunch right
through so you've got a 40 what are you
doing shoot me shoot another shot roll
it clock you still got the advantage to
die cuz it does not I hit nice roll the
12 and again see if you you know roll
the second one cuz maybe you get a
critical success or something no okay uh
so roll you're damaged six nice alright
you feel again you get that feeling that
you're not doing as much damage as you
would expect
what else am I gonna do and but it lets
out so again totally silent that's the
weird part about this is there's no like
we on the teeth not the human yeah
hands on the wing but like when you
shoot it it like rears back and like
roars let's have a silent Bell Oh what
are you doing
I'm gonna take my machete I try to
behead it I like it roll on machete Oh
God all right roll your roll your city
damage seven all right so the machete
seems to do like it kind of goes
right into it and chunks into it and it
like with a very satisfying thunk it
definitely reacts as if it has been hurt
it did not enjoy that all right that is
back to the top of the lineup hmm shark
spirit is gonna try and take off so this
is gonna be a opposed strength role it
is trying to fly away with you okay so
didn't critically fail it but didn't
it's alright so it made a basic success
so you are now some so you guys come
up and you burst open the door and
you're standing in the doorway you see
this awful bloody mangy shark parrot
slowly going out the veranda with
Professor Aldus how do you somehow guys
who like it has these talons it's
holding her by her shoulders and you see
like blood coming out where it's like
reaching into her both you makes an egg
rolls yep yep yep yep everything's fine
every great for everything's fine okay
you both lose to Santa I'm like I might
think it's a pet one day that is that
you do not you in Smith and and so yeah
it is starting to fly it's like it's
like you ever seen like a bird that like
picks up something up it's too heavy and
it's like flapping really hard and it
can't quite get off you know is it
outside or inside it is about to be
outside there's like a white not quite
outside may see me trying to grab like
right now I'm actually reaching across
she was like putting her hands on
everything at that moment when you
notice that everybody including you make
a spot hidden role yes the two critical
successes make me in a cult role and
don't forget you make a skill chip check
out a little check in there if you
haven't already whatever you make I
don't think you can I did when he grew
tickly failed in a cult role but I don't
know what would be bad about that
awesome I read the words alright so you
made your a cult role so you both notice
that on the ground is like a circle of
salt okay and you're just like that's a
summoning circle of some sort right the
circle break the circle of salt alright
so we're going back to initiative yes it
took off on an eighty you're next to the
sixty five you know you want to shoot it
not bother we're inside and I have
learned a lot giving my characters
deafness it was that a free action now
you hear her say break the circle I'm
gonna get across the okay actually just
you're in the middle of the circle now
you're the second thing so when you do
that you're dropped the parrot drops you
and it like whirls around and like for a
second like you slide and you look up
and it's like lock eyes with this thing
and it's eyes like that's when you
notice the you know among the many
disturbing thing about this thing its
eyes seem to be vertical and like its
eyelids closing this way and like it
does that blink like one blink at you
and then it does another silent bellow
40s will go this way this time so you
just got dropped I'm trying to catch the
window or something surely make make a
dex roll just missed it alright four so
I'm gonna make you an offer
nope you can mm-hmm and and if you make
it everything's fine if you don't
something Bad's gonna happen or you can
grab with your last bit of strength onto
the veranda but you're gonna take some
damage your choice I can't afford to
take the damage alright three points so
let's let's go pushing roll since we
have some people who've just joined us
is a mechanic in Cthulhu where if you
fail a role you can essentially double
or nothing it so this is like your last
bit of just like strength and adrenaline
you just reach out at the last second
and you're gonna try and grab on but if
she if she makes this roll everything's
fine but if you fail a pushed roll
something terrible happens let's see
what happens and if I don't do this
something with terrible would happen
anyway I have 3 points of yeah you know
the parish earlier the parent has taken
a crunch out of you alright so here's
what happens well you with your last bit
of string you reach out and you grab
that but unlike most movies physics
actually matter here
and so the at least for now when you
reach out and grab it your shoulder is
wrenched out of its socket from the
force of stopping your fall
and you let go when your shoulder hurts
and you like that pulls you this way and
your head
hits the side of the veranda and you
were knocked unconscious so you are at
unconscious are we're on the second
floor and she falls to the first floor
it's not great it's not not a hat not
happy time so when we come back to the
hospital
you're a 40 as well yep i'ma 40 hmm I
don't know enough about summoning bird
shark demons yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna
say you do know what you know you you
know as much as you need to
yeah as you want so I would try and put
it back in its demon hole that's the
thing and have a great occult I mean I
could try any good throw it awesome no
nine I mean sure I have no account hole
yeah demons all put it back in it's
demon hole so you're gonna try and grab
this thing well no I wanted to use the
power of Christ to compel me so you pull
out a crucifix I'm like a rosary yeah
and just start swinging around you're
like your what are you trying so I'm
just basically trying to subdue the
demon cuz I mean obviously if I see the
summoning circle I'm assuming that this
is like something that was brought forth
from the demonic realm and so therefore
the only way I can kind of put it or
subdue it back is to like exorcise it
out of this world okay
you know sure may God make a power rule
okay we got this I got it
oh I got it by one looking at the
inspiration okay so you you hold out the
cross and and the power of your faith
clearly has some effect on this and
thinking it like whereas before it had
been like sort of starting to come
towards him it like backs away a little
yeah from from whatever something about
your faith okay your belief so there's
so I just like if I see that and I have
the ability to keep going I will it will
like imbue me to keep going and to push
it into a corner kind of thing okay
we're pushing it it's kind of out there
and okay right now okay but so I want
to be clear this isn't like a vampire
thing it's like a crucify you know this
is this is reaction of your faith in
your will somehow having an effect on it
and and yay for you all right
thirty's ah my first aiders should I
help him stab it with the occult
well first aid would first require a
climb roll okay I'm gonna go cult and
help
so you want to occult yes okay
interesting
damnit alright I don't know that's up to
you I mean I can't so what do you what
are you trying to do with a cult trying
I forget real name she yeah I'm gonna
help I'm okay so making a cult role
actually make a power role the step out
step 45 out of 60 okay so you you
feel you don't share her faith and you
know in fact I think we've talked about
you don't really have any sort of not
really yeah
so you you know she's holding up a
crucifix I'm just gonna lend her my
power so yeah that's what you you feel
like you know you you will are joining
her in kind of using your belief and
your sort of will it's not it's more
will than faith to try and drive this
thing away and but yeah so you two are
doing that alright we're back to the
top of the lineup I'll believe in Jesus
for this baby
um sharp parents gonna fly away shark
they're so sharks Baird is not actually
out on the veranda yet it turns around
and just smashes through the wall and
takes off into the night you could get a
shot at it if you want yes I will use my
faith and Smith &amp; Wesson exactly what I
needed
all right roll damage that was a barely
hit for eat 11 points of damage all
right so look and I went outside to do
it the ground in the salt circle and he
comes up with a gun and he runs a shot
and you shoot it and it falls and as it
falls everybody make me a spot hidden
role yes yeah that's right success all
right anybody who's who made the roll
unfortunately sees what happens next so
oh you just jump up from your slide and
in the same motion grab your gun out and
snap a shot off you shoot it and it
makes its first noise which is this very
human scream which is is very troubling
and then it falls and as its falling
it's dissolving okay I'm not like a
liquid dissolved like literally it's
turning into like mist so both of you
make me sanity rolls so again I didn't
make it
yep I made it I feel much better that it
did not turn into a human yes yeah that
would have been even better TV so you
don't lose any say okay by that but but
you both watch it just dissolve and and
yeah so so you hear police whistles
going off throughout time to leave
[Laughter]
mr. Smith got his wish regardless and
are you going to be there when the
police we pick you up you collect the
professor donate a wing so don't make
your luck roll okay all right your gun
dropped in the room no way I definitely
have to go back and here's where you're
glad that the 20s were not especially in
in third world countries we're not big
on our index yeah yeah it's a
fingerprinting my but you currently do
not have a firearm and that will be fine
next session don't worry about that so
just buy another one yes they're all
fancy shoes myself so you were faced
with a choice now you can leave Peru as
the nice man suggested but the problem
is she's me it's gonna take more than
one day like they want her to stay in
there you know you have they want to
know what happened to you they have
questions anyone have enough connections
or money to charter a plane yes no yeah
professor Aldrich cuz that is if we
could charter a flight out of here we
can with - so here's the problem lights
in this day like there still hasn't been
a flight over the Andes at this point in
time so you'd be flying essentially up
or down the coast to - you know -
somewhere probably you'd want to go up
to the next biggest Ecuador is to the
north and Lima is actually the largest
city that is not in you know over the
Andes there's a Brazil and you know that
sort of thing but
but we're let's see here's the map
because yeah if we run we have to
hospitalized individuals with us well
they won't let you take Alexandra and
Alexandra won't go with you okay so we
have one so you got Peru and then
Ecuador and Bogata Bogata is probably
your biggest city mm-hmm you could
charter a plane to Bogota it would be
expensive and you're unconscious so how
you'll be I mean once you get to once
the hospital cares for you you're
stabilized you'll have one hit point go
get more of that a scar yeah you've got
some very interesting your husband will
have some questions sure I felt my
credit is 60 but I agree with Jackson
lies in the fact so get out of here
because if we leave you in the hospital
it's like the police are gonna check the
train station you don't I mean they're
gonna check all the usual places plus
the hospital so if if among you if you
give up 15 points of credit ratings Oh
reduce your credit rating by 15 in total
you're only allowed to give five okay
yeah it makes sense abuse the npc rules
I'm gonna take that out on your next
session I'll get five all right I can
find it all right so so you charter a a
flight to Bogota you it ends up being
that you stopped twice for fuel on that
trip
it is a surprisingly modern nice
airplane which is great for you because
you pretty much need to lay down and you
are now you have
to Bogota and that's where we're gonna
flash forward okay so now we're gonna
get towards the end of the session and
we're going to pick this back up five
years have passed
Wow so it is now 1930
no that was 1920 let me get the okay
1925 we get the time right here let's
see there Peru was Peru 1990 somewhere
darn it a real Jam would have known this
Peru 19 well let's just go to where New
York is that's actually good is your
one-way MC this is why I usually use the
PDFs it's gonna be January 1925 so that
was 1920 when we were in it was January
1920 in Peru it's now January 1925 all
your damned any damage you took is
healed mm-hmm
Jackson Elias has gone back to being an
NPC but Alex none of you have seen
Alexandre in five years you've tried
you've reached out to her she doesn't
respond and you so first of all there's
some there's some rewards because you
did a good job getting rid of things
you're all gonna gain her like wild
exterminators exterminate yeah even's a
little so you all gain eight sanity
oh wow I was like back ten now your
sanity can go over what it started out
okay perfect the limit on your sanity
you know up top there's a max sanity
your max sanity is 99 - whatever your
Cthulhu Mythos skill is okay and for you
all that should be 0 except for one of
you
I think you
beneath us right I think so oh you could
have made a roll on how I know okay look
well that's good that was my no that's
right yeah
so so you gained that sanity and then
you can all do skill checks mm-hmm so
this is this is sort of the experience
mechanic of cthulhu where as they've
been whenever they make a successful
skill they check the box on the next to
the skill and then at the end of each
chapter they roll their skill checks and
what that means is every skill that got
a check you're gonna roll that skill and
if you fail the role you gain a
dependent imade it for first aid damn it
failing roles you say of course and then
I get one point you gain a point in that
yo you fail he'll do it by 2 this is
archeology all right and so this is sort
of the mechanic by which players can
improve and it's always incremental but
I love I love the idea that like you
know this is this is the sort of like oh
I have a low skill but I'm gonna keep
trying it because I'm gonna gain more
you know I get that weird feeling as
coolly where you're like I got a 30% I'm
like my chances yeah look that's that's
how in the hit my Cthulhu Mythos started
it says everybody has one right yeah and
I hit it yeah sorry
and then I got a check and then I was up
to six and then you start reading below
yes my occult 279 just wow a checkbox
next to credit rating that's not
something that arena has not ready right
it's a credit rating and Cthulhu Mythos
neither of them can be Nelson when I was
in Christ
apparently check Latin I forgot about
that yep failed it as usual
oh wait Spanish I forgot about and I
and so you for the last five years have
been doing all sort you've been
traveling the world you've actually been
studying the Carlisle expedition
checking stuff out about them you also
wrote the book which was one of your
more popular books that actually made a
good deal of money
your publisher was very happy about that
for once
what what if five years done for you um
I don't even know I haven't even thought
about that I just kind of went back to
like solving cases doing whatever just
ready to make a living okay have you
did those two did your experiences in
Peru make you more for lack of a better
term open-minded yes definitely we're
now I'm I've delved more into like the
demonic research piece of it where I'm
like I know in Peru there's something
there hmm you know or at least the fact
that there are demons that possess
people period and that this one demon
who made itself known to me or at least
that I think made itself known to me you
know I mean now it's kind of like my
mission or I'm just like I need to find
this demon and defeat it like so I said
no no no decline it can be the Vatican
has an incredible library you can find
books the likes of which you would never
even think up there and as you're going
down this route a Cardinal Cardinal
Cardinal Oliveira okay has sort of
noticed your interest in this and and
and he is he's he's definitely a
doctrinal sort of like you know we he's
he's the what I don't know nothing about
the church but he's the group that does
like exorcisms yeah that sort of thing
he he really wants to become like your
sort of patron okay and he offers to
give you access to that library so what
this offer mean if you accept this all
better you're going to give up the
sanity gain that you got yeah we're
so you give up those eight sanity yep
and you're gonna gain five points of a
cult and one point of Cthulhu Mythos
okay so Cthulhu from zero to one yeah
got you so you're saying there's a
chance what five years look like for you
I'm going back to scamming people in
tarot cards yeah so you like you know
you travel back and forth between New
York and London and running your usual
scams yeah you okay are you did what
happened in Peru change anything for you
I mean because you saw things that you
yeah I mean so it's interesting because
you have always dealt in the spirit
world yeah this was a different kind of
thing yeah and I have no idea what it
was except for what Emma was talking
about with the demons right so assuming
that we're all still in contact with
each other maybe I can do demon research
from other religions and she can do the
stuff for the Vatican hmm okay you guys
you all keep this connection fun
Jackson is traveling around but he will
definitely like write letters and you
know he sends you like advance copies of
his books are we mentioned in the book
things like these now in the in the
cursory book so he asked your permission
to use your names but you know if you
want to be a pseudonym you know he gives
you that option unless it helps me in my
expanding of people in the corner would
you like to buy the book what about five
years for you it takes you a while to
recover from your injuries and it does
so I take my sabbatical to heal and do a
lot of physical therapy a lot of reading
and the reading I do starts to do a deep
dive on the can
between Peru and Egypt because of a
clipping that we saw in the New York
Times right and so you do a deep dive on
the Carlisle expedition okay we'll we'll
talk about that next week there's
there's a lot that you'll get a lot of
information there and yeah you'll bring
that to the table and I start looking up
ancient wait I start cross-referencing
because I already have Sumerian
understanding and so I start taking the
basis of knowledge that I know from that
because I teach it at the University I
start cross-referencing that to anything
else that could be like some ancient
demons or okay daddy that seemed I mean
you don't get a lot there but thing
right sticking in my head I'm like what
the heck was that like I have no idea
I've never seen anything like that
before you start trying to see if I can
find something that matches that and
yeah of course I stay in contact with
you and you write and you guys could you
know Christmas present that's really
what this is weird artifacts and dolls
from me helps me sell my business thank
you nothing horrible about them and so
tabs on newspapers want any weird news
yes there I did before so you you start
to you start to notice like the way that
newspapers will try and paper over crazy
things and mention you know sort of you
know how they how news papers will use
like very banal language to try and
cover up extraordinary things that
happen and and that sort of thing and
that will also come up a lot you you do
find the the very first story you find
about the Carlisle expedition by finally
how cool is this like again the HP
Lovecraft Historical Society like fully
printed a fake to a back in front of a
fake newspaper which i think is amazing
sports on page 12 and I always wonder if
these like if the other stories are real
I if I
a really good gym like some of these
would be story like side quests and
so you find a story about the Carlisle
expedition dude so friend center do you
want me to meet it yeah all right so
this is New York the New York pillar
reposed Saturday April 5th 1919
so the Carlisle expectation leaves for
England readers may recall the smashing
gala through by mr. Carlisle at the
Waldorf Astoria upon reaching his
majority Carlisle now 24 has carved out
a niche on the social scene and each
tainted with an air of scandal and
reports of indelicate behavior still
yeah his dashing good looks aided by his
family's considerable wealth have kept
him atop Manhattan's most wanted list
for years now never having displayed a
pension for scholarship or antiquity the
motivation behind the formation of the
Carlisle expedition remains a mystery a
diverse written you far from being the
vanity project of the wealthy diligent
Carlisle's expedition enjoys having
renowned Egyptologist sir Audrey pen you
as the ACEF as the assistant leader Sir
Aubrey is charged with bringing the team
up to speed regarding unique aspects of
their intended dig and then once and
it's it to sir Aubrey will be in charge
of the field excavation also on the team
is the city's most sought-after freudian
dr. Robert Hudson the doctor hopes the
expedition might find ancient
pictographic evidence to substantiate
some of his theories regarding
psychology miss high path yet Hypatia or
Hypatia that's an interesting name isn't
it miss Hypatia masters a friend of mr.
Carlisle's will serve as the team's
photographer and archivist mr. Jack
Brady for
the United States Marine corpse
accompanies the group as a security
consultant and general effect mr.
Carmyle confirmed that his expedition
may bring on additional members probably
predicted on their availability the
expertise as his team makes its way from
London to Cairo there's no doubt that
the Carlisle's leadership the expedition
will cut a dashing figure as they cross
the sands of the windblown Sahara in
search of knowledge there are a few
other particles on here but the other
artists are all disbeliever that's the
one so the one trick with that is like
it's easy to sort of the signal-to-noise
ratios get high just that one and
then the one other article that I took
here we go so this article is July 4th
1919 and it's it's titled Carlisle
departs Egypt sir Aubrey pin you
temporary spokesman for the Carlisle
expedition indicated Thursday that the
leaders are taking shipped to East
Africa for a well-earned rest sir Aubrey
debunked rumors that the expedition had
discovered clues to the legendary wealth
of the lost mines of King Solomon
maintaining that the party was going on
safari in respite from our sandy labors
Roger Carlisle wealthy New York leader of
the expedition was unavailable for
comment
still suffering from his recent
sunstroke discussing that unfortunate
incident local experts declared Egypt
entirely too hot for anglo-saxons at
this time of year and suggested that the
young American had not been well served
by his Democratic enthusiasm rumored to
have led him to personally wield pick
and shovel so you've got some
information about the Carlisle
foundation and the various members and
you already know that let's see they
were massacred in Nairobi according to
this in Nairobi in 1920 so they went you
know the picture you're starting to get
is they left New York in April of 1990
team they headed to London then they
left London in July or sorry in May and
they went to Egypt and then they left
Egypt in July so they were they were not
in Egypt very long and then they were in
Kenya and it was it was in October that
the first story that they might be lost
showed up and then it was in the 29th in
1920 June 1920 that they were the
massacre was confirmed so you've got you
know that that's that's the information
you get about the Carlisle information
and you get a about well actually not
about On January 3rd so you are on a
ship you're on a boat coming back from
London one of the phone you you have
been travelling all over the world
tracking along is Carlisle in for the
information stuff and you've discovered
some incredible things that you get to
tell the party next session but you all
receive a telegram from your good friend
Jackson Elias again so two things you
notice about that telegram one is that
it was sent from a ship ounce at sea so
that top part that it was he's on the
HMS Antenor mm-hmm travelling back to
New York so he's not in New York yet
okay and he tells you he's got
information concerning the Carlisle's
position and he needs a reliable
investigative team but you'll have to do
thanks and he meet January 15th in New
York and you all know that when ended
when in New York mr. mr. Elias stays at
I thought you lived there no he does not
um you have come to learn that Jackson
Elias does not have a home he travels
everywhere he goes he stays at the hotel
Chelsea
cool sounds about right
um you send you send the telegram also
to Alexandra mm-hmm but when you get
so is it it's it's January 15th unless
people want it to be before that and are
you just gonna usually you meet him in
the bar Hotel Chelsea yep yeah I would
like to do one say sure I'd like to
switch out this revolver for a
semi-automatic I like it sure it'll
be the same damage but now your rate of
fire is to our sorry get rid of the get
rid of the damage bonus so rate did 1 or
M plus 2 but it only does one d-10 but
your rate of fire is 2
I also you get your gun back you pick up
my 38 actually pick up a second one sure
picked up my derringer yeah so - so you
would know that 2 pistols is a lot
harder to get through customs than one
pistol sure one pistol they'll be like
just tell them that I am I've been hired
to do a specific job and I want to make
sure that just in case one of these
doesn't work well we'll see how that
works with various customs agents
that'll be an exciting and exciting
discussion so you're in the bar at the
hotel Chelsea and it's been you know
it's been you know what it's been you
know he's late ok
how wait I mean I'll still drink I mean
it's that's good right now it's about
ten minutes
oh that's no big deal all right I was
like when we get two drinks into the
night that'll be concerned okay so you
are two drinks into the night okay now
good sir
little drunk little concerned open for
ideas so it's now been I don't know two
of your drinks 30 minutes ha yeah about
30 40 minutes do you want to go
should we go see where he's actually
like what room he's actually staying in
yeah front desk okay yep hmm if you want
to I'm gonna stay here while you look at
something all right
I'll go with you you go back to the you
go to the front desk you slipped the guy
five bucks yeah just leave it I need to
make sure I was actually here and from
once he said he's not leaving he's not
staying here under the name Jesse Hughes
yeah the list the name Jesse Jackson oh
yeah Jackson Lewis he's in room he's in
room 1412 okay so he's on the 14th floor
role hmm I'm you know here get these
dice so the hotel Chelsea is a nicer
hotel and you be maybe a lot of n I mean
is it still are you being a Pio that the
crappier the hotel the easier room key
yeah the nicer the hotel the harder it
is so I'm gonna say if you make I'm
gonna you can either make a credit
rating to bribe him or a persuade to
like element right in sweet-talking my
credits 55 I was would say yeah mines 30
so that's probably a better house to it
nope nobody nope
all right he's like sorry okay I
can't all right and then I'm like you
got to pick this lock let's go are you
gonna get the professor sure okay if she
wants to come I mean we're gonna do a
legal thing so yeah that's true come on
let's go what do I usually do we always
do it all right so you're heading up to
room 1412 you get up to route to the
14th floor mmm everybody make a listen
roll
no no I'm definitely yes you do not hear
a giant last bag I didn't roll in 100
[Laughter]
okay you made it yep
I you here eh you you're somewhere on
the floor you hear a thump like it
sounds like furniture moving did you
guys hey there no nope here what are you
crazy
yes then I stop and listen what am i
listening for so I try to get up towards
the sound like was it like beneath me
anymore well so it was just one sound
but it definitely it sounded like it's
down the hallway and you know his room
is down the hallway so you get to 14:12
and they mm yeah the door is locked
okay it's not gonna stop one of us who
isn't my locksmith is one telling me
there's a change have a chance you could
also you know you could do enter the
door down or you could knock you know oh
yeah I got a snobby knock that's true so
well do you want to sort you lost
nothing or not that's not first okay
alright so you knock you hear rooms
you knock
and you hear like you hear another thump
and you hear like you hear hmm I'm
trying to go how to describe this you
hear you definitely hear there's more
than one person in the room and they
seem to be like frantically moving
around
room service we brought you some
cheesecake
there is no response it's is that you
know Darren very not trying to be quite
all right you can make the roll
breaking it Jessica oh good you're
breaking in are you blogging the time
luck smithing everybody made it alright
with 20 alright so so you're all like
crowded around the door you hear a click
and this is where Thomas leaves our game
because you open the door and lying on
the bed
but is the eviscerated corpse of your
good friend Jackson Alliance
he has been torn open from his throat
all the way down the room is covered in
blood and just at the window you see a
very familiar African man oh do it do it
in the name of Jackson Elias shoot
sanity rolls for seeing for Jackson
Elias dead afterwards well knew was
gonna end like this I can't die I'm
gonna be sick I'm good hey at least it
wasn't Earl so this is actually one of
the weird things about this module the
original version of the game just like
started with this scene okay and so you
had no reason to care about Jackson
Elias it literally came with a handout
that said what you know about your good
friend Jackson Elias and like the
luckily role-playing writing for
role-playing games has gotten better and
they were like hey let's give them a
reason to care about him before you do
that but so so yeah he is the the the
African guide looks back at you if you
want to take a shot damn it
so now here's the thing though mmm
shooting guns in New York in midtown
Manhattan is
little different than shooting guns in
Lima Peru it's the Chelsea Hotel de I
understand that but there was assault
that happened I'm reacting she is rich
she can maybe to get away with that so I
want to make clear that unlike sake D&amp;D
world's laws matter in this world and so
1925 so you know actions have
repercussions you know angry and if if
let me phrase it this way if if your
reaction to everything is gonna be
pulling out your gun that's gonna start
to have effects totally right Jackson
Isis just got shot well no he was not
shot torn open Humana Mossad it's clear
by the way cuz somebody rolled really
well on the spot hidden this room has
been cased they were looking whoever was
in here was looking for something all
right so yeah I'm just gonna go around
what are you doing I'm doing this back
the role-playing I mean I'm assuming
he's gonna get your where they out the
window right we had a minute but it's
just hear the last breath you know you
notice along along via the front door is
that makes me even more mad I'm gonna
run downstairs and get help ok you're
running downstairs what are you doing
I'm gonna search the room all right what
do you and your decision
it's checks on the lease he got splayed
open ok guys just not cool do it what if
that's what you would do do it take the
shot
10 shoot him in the Hat that's 7 ooh no
pluses to that it's just it's great one
dude oh man okay so you shoot him mm-hmm
and he was like on the ledge like
crawling through the window you shoot
him he falls forward
yes and he just goes out the window and
you hear I don't know what two seconds
later that's what you get for killing
Jackson all right yeah all right you're
searching the room you're running help
so I go down to the okay you know to me
the front desk and be like you know I
call the police somebody killed my
friend he's still up there all right
[Laughter]
no this was to a back alley okay so you
get down there and you were like working
for the place yeah so though they will
call the police immediately they will
they'll call the police you are
searching the room mm-hmm
and you're going to find let's see is
there anything that he had on him you're
gonna find a bunch of things that
actually will do all the paper stuff
next time mm-hmm the big thing that you
notice is that carved into Jackson
elias's forehead is this symbol oh oh
you'll have a picture of it next time
you don't like trow a really bad version
of it it looks like a really weird emoji
and that's that's the big I mean that's
the thing that jumps out at you you know
you find some papers that have been
strewn around the room and you'll you'll
we'll take care of those next time and
the symbols carved where in his forehead
okay I could just summon a spirit I'm
gonna ask
happened the police would have some
questions about that later doctor make
34 till we needed alright so while
she's searching the room you like go to
the window and you look down and you see
two men one African one white taking the
body of the African man pulling him into
a car and driving off can I look
trying to see the license plate you made
the luck rule sure you get a license
plate I pull out my fat paper yeah you
write it down you have a license plate
number all right so the murder of
Jackson Elias is where we're gonna end
this session Thomas thank you for for
creating for making Jackson Elias come
to life that was awesome though that was
what I needed
see you know spirit world we huh yeah
well I can't wait for the communion with
Jackson a lot yeah no I'm ready for the
next episode with summon you can he be
like our spirit guide mr. donford mr.
Jackson lies and see what he thinks
did you get a winner for the cultist
simulator we did indeed do I remember
[Music]
well congratulations who ever wanted to
lose 26 so loose
26 you beat out 25 other two losers haha
that was a courtesy life what so that's
gonna that's gonna do it for this
episode thanks so much everybody for
hanging out with us and dealing with our
little technical problems at the
beginning there we really appreciate it
and we will be back next Wednesday we've
got D&amp;D Monday and Tuesday then Cthulhu
Wednesday that's a that's a great way to
start the week get all your role-playing
fun in while you can and you can also
watch this on youtube and watch watch
all our great stuff we've we've recently
hit a subscriber milestones on Twitch
on YouTube super exciting so spread the
word
and I think we got three rates today
yeah thanks for staying if you rated
yeah we're almost at 700 so next next
week we'll probably make 700 then we'll
be giveaways we're partners now at
YouTube
turn off your ad blocker and help
support the channel wait just done and
you know we we're suit we're active ask
us questions in youtube or on our
discord cuz I will so I have some of
this content in a PDF so I will put up
the symbol that's on Jackson Eliza's
head in the discord so there's a link I
think on Twitch below yeah that gives
you the link to the discard we do pop in
there every day to chat about our shows
my stuff yeah make sure that I go I
promise there's long to have it I was
putting stuff in there I was like I hope
Ezra doesn't come on go okay now you
should go on I'm old I barely know what
discord is anyway no you should go out
discord that all right so you think you
can answer question something but that's
I was gonna say like if folks you know I
want this to be interactive so as you
saw today like I like to take ideas from
the players and use them if you guys
have cool ideas of things that could
happen or or answers for things let me
know cuz I love that stuff I again the
whole the whole the whole bloody tongue
member being in the in Peru had you know
I just made that up on the fly because
we needed one more good scene there but
you know you you you roll with the
punches and make stuff up when it
happens because I knew I wanted to end
with them finding you dead that was our
that was her start diggin it Jackson
[Laughter]
Jackson also Dario also so bad make one
side comment about my rules Missy cool
alright well thanks everybody I think
we're gonna I'm gonna go to bed I'm
tired
[Music]
[Applause]
