Kind: captions
Language: en
sonna Wednesday hope your week is going
well we're all it's Wednesday what do
you want most over so you know that's
right
so a few quick announcements to start
first our Kickstarter we're so excited
we hit the two thousand dollar stretch
goal so we've got that awesome
foxy regulars pin and now we have new
stretch goals if you've ever wanted to
wear tiana now is your chance because
the Kaos agents the the pictures of the
Kaos agents are going to be the new pins
which is I mean maybe aware of them
I don't know you collect too gotta
collect them all it's our version of
Pokemon go Pokemon go away we got our
Kickstarter yes we're on Twitch we're on
YouTube please follow us and subscribe
there we've had thank you so much for
your comments especially on YouTube I I
like to answer them when people ask me
questions and the answer is Libra so you
know please let's let's have this be a
conversation I think that's that's
really fun mm-hmm we only need 25 more
followers and then we're gonna give away
an awesome Nord games deck and you've
seen those decks being used I think an
only is in natural one or in both we've
been using them in Kaos agents as well
we use the treasure deck yesterday and
we got a turtle show covered in sigils
we're not sure what it does yet covered
and sigils and now for an exciting like
coming soon announcement question Kaos
is going to be all over Kubla Khan
you're gonna see the nice people here
you're gonna see natural one you're
gonna see the Kaos agents you're gonna
see more of us than you really want and
I want to invite you so most people know
me as the board game guy Friday night
we're gonna have a game night at Kubla
Khan so I'm gonna bring some board games
I guarantee you
no matter who you are I guarantee you I
will bring a game you've never played
before
mmm and so we're gonna have games to
play you're gonna be able to play with
all the folks here you're gonna be able
to you know maybe we'll have a prize for
who can beat Thomas at the most games
it's gonna be awesome
and then Saturday we're doing a live
show at Kubla Khan we're gonna record
and do we do we know what we're gonna
record I Thomas we're gonna record
Thomas he's my main record we're gonna
record the chaos II probably Kaos agents
with guests and and actually the whole
time they're not gonna be there we're
just gonna have those pins where they
are boys over it there you go and it's
gonna be a live stream so if you've ever
wanted to yell an obscenity at one of
these people this is your chance I don't
blame you I yell obscenities at myself
on the screen all the time I'm just
gonna sit there at heckle D and D the
whole time yes that's it I'm like I need
a Waldorf for my Statler but then
somebody so if you don't like DMD like
me
come join me there and and we will be
there I wanna bring the room down after
all that fun just for a minute and I
want to acknowledge that we're playing
massive niala though temp which is a
campaign that was ripped it's been it's
20 years old maybe even more I'm fudging
that it was written the original version
was written along with Kaos him by a
gentleman named Larry Larry
Ditullio who came to dunder Conn and he
was there and unfortunately this week
mr. Duty Leo passed away he has done
tons of gaming stuff he also was very
involved in all sorts of aspects of geek
culture he was super involved with
Babylon 5 at the beginning he did a lot
of stuff with yeah he did a lot of
Babylon he was just I believe he was the
original story editor really yeah and so
he was one of us yeah it was of our
tribe
this module even even the original
version which which was of its time you
know in various ways and we've talked
about some of those was a leap forward
it's pretty much acknowledged by mmm
well yeah it's pretty much acknowledged
that massive nineth otep is the best
sort of epic campaign out there and
Larry Ditullio is the main reason why so
we want to we want to acknowledge a life
well-lived and a just a a giant of a
geek and thank you mister de Sciglio for
all you've done and all the happiness
and lack of sanity you've brought us we
really appreciate it we'll see you again
in a place where no shadows fall that's
right he has gone to the Dreamlands were
there cats talk yeah I also want to
acknowledge that there's an empty chair
here but all this stuff is there amy is
running a little late she failed her
saving throw versus traffic yeah and
assuming so she will be joining us
shortly but we're gonna start in a sort
of a different way because we ended last
episode with our intrepid band -
Alexandre bursting it on the murder of
Jackson Elias and Professor Aldridge
appeared to kill one of the people who
was involved with this he fell you know
like 13 stories down and crashed into a
car she saw the getaway vehicle she got
a license plate and we they were going
to check the murder scene right as we
did that but what I want to do first and
I'm doing this partly you know because
Amy's not here and you got to be nimble
agile was it resilient on your feet
that's the word and I want to I want to
give a shout out we already have some
inspiration we had one left over from
but as always my my second favorite
streamer I've learned now the Baroness
donated five hundred bits I only like a
couple days ago did I learn that it was
the Baroness that was playing in the
Star Wars game that she was the captain
because you never mention it during the
game and so I was like I wonder who that
person is all this time and so that was
so so so paradis thank you and this this
inspiration is dedicated to Zartan the
worst GI Joe villain he was he was this
bizarre chameleon guy was terrible in
the cartoon but he had the best action
figure because his action figure was
like mal it was plastic and inside he
had this ink or some sort of liquid and
when you squeezed him he would like
though the liquid make and change color
Wow it was for the 80s yeah we ties were
sad I might as well have been playing
with one of those hoops and a stick I
learned how to play jacks when I was a
kid so you know so I was plugged
directly into the internet I remember
when there were no computers so here's
where we're gonna flashback to so we're
in a pyramid in Peru you are under a
gelatinous mass of fat that seems
bottomless to go on just forever and and
it's crystal clear so once you're in
there you see everything around you
mm-hmm you're not aware that you're
drowning yeah you feel nothing you're
like floating and but you are very aware
of two of those little of to fran√ßoise
floating around Rachel's very upset and
so actually I told her I forgot it that
Francois has had his moment on to new
horrors is what she said well said well
said so so you're acutely aware of them
you're also aware as you look up the
surface is like a mirror mm-hmm and you
look up and you see professor Aldridge
like reaching in
and I believe Jackson Elias also tried
to reach in and then he thought better
of it
and you see Bell's like grabbing on
mm-hmm and conspicuously and and I noted
at the time not a lot of you know
focused on other things over here and so
you're you're acutely aware of all that
hmm the the worm enters your mouth and
you feel and you yet your your reaction
you you you seal it off mm-hmm and you
now you start to feel something as you
feel that burning yeah in your throat
you pierce the surface and you see her
and all of a sudden time stops like
you're the the second worm that was
fooling around stops and you see her
eyes go black in a way that will be very
familiar familiar to you soon and all of
a sudden the three of you are standing
on a not Peru on an Egyptian pyramid you
are on a plane with an Egyptian pyramid
behind you and a a pharaoh with abon
skin mm-hmm
is standing before you a his it looks
like black stone his skin but it's
supple and he is lounging you know on a
and am i aware that I was not aware but
they're currently there's nothing
troubling you you're not you know you
your hands are not at your throat
there's not something awful coming down
your throat and the
[Laughter]
I'll bite my tongue because well no
please my head sorry oh yeah I get this
face gets a lot of work disgusted face
yeah a guy I went to college with called
it the uncle Miltie as Milton Berle used
to have a take whenever like whenever he
was doing his show or something and it
wasn't great he'd go alright so so
you're both there and you are aware that
a you shouldn't be here that you know
you are frantically holding on to her
waist like trying to keep her from being
completely submerged and you are waste
the wrong way wasted deep in a pile of
goo trying to grab her up and you were
just choking on a worm and now I'm an
hourly spawn breathing and everything's
fine
yeah and so hmm where is the other one I
look around not the man the man is dead
he means nothing to me
you mean Emma yes what are we doing here
that's not terribly descriptive yeah
please which one in Egyptian to honor
your grace please forgive me and my
Confederate my companions here but we
must be blinded by your your immense
glory because we don't recognize you
what is your name you should hear the
my name is unimportant and who and my
name would take the sanity from your
mind were you to hear it I am one of the
five I am the greatest of the five if
it's an honor to be in my presence why
have you dedicated yourself to undoing
my work I didn't realize that's what we
are doing did you know your undoing this
forgive me I am a little scrambled the
last thing that I remember I was trying
not to die you have been given a great
gift
have I yes eternal life the father of
maggots only wishes to give you the same
gift it is given de Mendoza and those
others why why would you push that gift
away I don't much fancy losing my mind
as as the other I have made it so that
you will not lose your mind look at de
Mendoza he is fully within his
capabilities no disrespect but there
were others that were turned that seemed
mindless unlike de Mendoza de Mendoza
did have his consciousness Larkin has
not talked to those yet Larkin
nice English man yes no I didn't excuse
me must have something in my throat you
will
again I will ask you my question it's a
very simple one if you honor and revere
me as you say why then do you seek to
undo my great works understand well
clearly we didn't know that you were
involved you don't even know who I am
exactly so then how can you be sure that
you honor me well I I respect and honor
any one from Egypt that that has done
such grand wonderful feasts haven't you
seen you know where these grand and
wonderful feats come from don't you the
deaths of thousands of people because I
feel it
am I so honorable now hmm depends on who
you ask
if I were to say no would you smite me
down where I stand if I were to say yes
would you lift me up and and educate me
and let me know what I'm supposed to do
I'm not a smiting god I'm a puzzle of
God I create systems that will lead to
your smiting anyway in my memory Joe is
it jogging anything in my memory of oh
god that is is is kind of it
God puzzles or tricks or I mean there's
tons of trickster gods out there yeah
not pretty
actually Egyptian mythology is unique in
that there wasn't a trickster kind
interesting but why
oh she's worn the mask oh she put that
thing on to the shame she has worn the
mask
you you have not worn the mask should we
okay can we leave the mask back at the
Museum
mm-hm yeah hmm something anything else
we can do to not get in your way or to
maybe help go back to America
leave this pyramid as you found it and
forget any of this ever happened
leave it with with the piece of gold
missing yes is there something that we
can call you since I imagine that any
god worthy of the name what I would have
something that his followers could call
him you may call me the dark Pharaoh
that works he he says in ancient
no so he clearly said Pharaoh but you
don't think the word was dark okay
you're not a hundred percent sure but he
says when he says it in ancient Egyptian
it translates there's a surge of like he
said words of power
mmm so it's it's it's a true name if not
the true him do I have my on me yeah
sure
pull it out and then write down what he
said all right it's hard you know it's
hard to translator it's hard to it well
it's it's hard to remember
Minoo what's not hard to remember it's
like but it's hard to the first word is
kind of mooshed all together and you're
like what's not a car or was that a cat
right and you know there are like many
languages with a native speaker there
are just tones mm-hmm that you're that
you know their mouth is made to make
that that you are not and when you add
in the fact that this guy lives on this
weird plane where you know you you
have been to Egypt I'm sure have either
of you ever been to Egypt no
No all right this is nowhere you know of
an Egypt that doesn't leave this pyramid
is a lot nicer than the it's not as as
worn Napoleon has not shot canons at it
you know it is in much better shape then
does it look like I'm looking at it in
the past as it were new doesn't mean you
couldn't make oh I'll let you choose
you're gonna get a little different
information either way you can make an
archaeology or a history roll County's
real good just barely made it alright so
a this pyramid is not worn it has not
suffered the ravages of time and be the
the Stella I around the the spires
around it are not of any period you
recognize and they are topped with solid
gold which you know would have been long
gone okay so yeah and that realization
is gonna lead you to a sanity roll
because you are nowhere on earth mm
interesting
I mean it may be to make a low like you
to make a luck roll actually okay you
lose one sanity I missed okay so you
didn't tell them this are you know you
are attuned in astronomy and and that
sort of thing and you are acutely aware
that the stars are wrong mmm like you do
not recognize any of the compendium yes
yeah and I mean admittedly you you know
you would still be able to recognize the
sky in Egypt even if you've never been
there you find you know the North Star
or something like that right nothing
nothing you recognized make me a sander
while you do that I'm gonna break the
mood for a moment because I missed it
by one oh you lose three sanity Lord we
have another 500 bits from my favorite
starship NGC 457 Hey and it's this is in
honor of the something in her throat
so so yeah he's just lounge there you so
you're you're frozen right now nothing
is nothing is happening we knew we knew
who to give it to and so the the Pharaoh
says the Pharaoh looks it looks and he
says you're starting to understand a
little a little understanding is a
powerful thing can be a very dangerous
Oh a lot of understanding is the
dangerous thing I would suggest you stay
at a little understanding I'm gonna
leave you a reminder of this event you
two will not remember this but your
friend here is going to remember
everything that happened okay we're not
on earth right now you need to remember
that you're wrong at least somewhere
else
this is not this is not Earth at all
right at all not our solar system yeah
the stars don't match nothing because
that pyramid doesn't exist on earth it
never has there's no constellations
North Star no Milky Way what's so funny
the best part is they're telling you all
of this and you're listening to them and
then you're never going to speak to them
again
and so now we're back in Jackson elias's
hotel room with the murdered corpse you
are not there yeah what now get me to
step out sure if you I mean you don't
neither of you remember anything that
happened there so don't so you have just
shot the the guy he fell out of the
window you saw him go and you guys
started to like search the room actually
like look for stuff and while that was
happening I went downstairs to say yep
you were going down ambulance yeah so is
this the one time when you're actually
gonna stay there for when the police
arrive I plan on stayin because I know
they heard the shot I like you son like
I say won the one time are you going to
remove evidence from the scene I'm not
are you
I mean was there anything we found that
show I mean there is the obvious the
mark on his forehead right and then if
you want to look around there are
certainly some things that are more or
less obvious as you do go ahead and make
a spot you're good you two are in the
room you can make spotting those your
back so you find under the bed is a
photo
Miska that now that you guys can see it
so again the freaking HP Lovecraft
Historical Society this is photo paper
they like photoshopped this actual photo
which when you buy the actual module is
kind of you know like photo you know is
drawing that sort of thing but so you
you find a letter you know Jocelyn Elias
is address now and you find a business
card and a matchbook and you know if
anybody needs matches actually it's
another meme nor my character knows
where this is make me I mean I can we
yes I mean maybe a cuz like look at that
what a sham is Asian style ship but then
it looks like both of you to make me a
plan make me intelligence roles and let
me know if you get a hard success its
problem like our success no 13 out of 80
boom all right so that's your that using
deed a port in sync let's see here my
right Amsterdam Singapore but that is
actually you recognize the tower the
building in the back you have seen
pictures of it in books that is in
Shanghai
a new invasion okay nice roll
so yeah you recognize that as Shanghai
alright with the British ship coming in
mm-hmm yeah cuz they still were the
trade they were still in ownership uh
you also found a business card that says
very hot Oh penny foundation it's the
pen you Foundation and I have a letter
from Harvard University to mr. Elias
it says dear mister allies the book
about which you inquired is no longer in
our collection the information you seek
may be found here in other volumes if
you will contact me upon arrival I will
be most happy to further assist you
Mariam alt-right Harvard University
Library it's from November 17 1824
so that is last that is a couple
months ago because it's January its
January 25 right now and it's I need
to know if you are keeping any of these
things
I'm gonna get the lab keeps a letter so
you have worked with the police before
as a private investigator you know that
everything here will go in an evidence
box and it may be very difficult for you
to find any of this stuff unless you got
a little coin okay all right you're
taking everything all right everybody
you see that everybody matrons
uh oh wait you rolled you rolled them
like a one right all right so you also
find Shanghai it's a very cool tattoo
Thanks London friends ten literary
Street yeah I'm going to the stumblin
tiger we're just leaving for Shanghai
sorry Jackson a lion that's like a great
place thank you oh and one more thing
that you will end up getting from the
police but here and sorry I hope no one
is easily as squeamish or anything like
that but here's a picture of dead
Jackson Elias with the mark on his
forehead which you guys get to keep
doesn't he also kind of thanks the one
thing that'll be a memento Jackson
cocktail beautiful marking and so about
five minutes after you've been casing
the joint two police officers in uniform
come in the room they one of them has a
pistol drawn and as soon as they see the
body they you know they're like uh
what's going on here that's what we're
trying to figure out this is our friend
and there was a guy that just jumped out
the window I tried stopping him but he
they go and they look down the window
down the window and there's a car there
that has been like crunched where the
guy landed two people dragged his body
off and threw into a car did you get a
license plate I got a partial license
plate okay you give them the number I
don't I don't right you go you laughs
right you give them okay yeah and you
they start to they say the lieutenant is
gonna be here soon we're gonna ask none
of you please don't leave and please
don't touch anything
everybody make me a luck roll let's see
if you were touching anything when they
came in
[Music]
nope I just stopped everything my bra
seven oh no that's my sand never mind oh
that's worse yeah I 71 nobody moved
electril oh you both made it Orange
um okay yes I like yeah so so you were
no you were like reading that business
card okay and when the police officer
says ma'am could you put that down okay
this is a crime scene
so you that business card comes back to
me okay okay and there's a very
uncomfortable ten minutes the police
officers are let you're standing in a
room with a dead Jackson Jackson Elias
two police officers who are studiously
not looking at the dead body kind of
like the ones a little queasy and he
like goes to watch the door you guys
picked the locker kicked the door open I
can't remember which you picked the lock
in walks a much like me a very dadbod
sort of man that is a a New York he
introduced himself as Lieutenant Martin
Poole NYPD
[Applause]
and he he asks he he first he very
politely introduces himself to you guys
and then he immediately starts peppering
the officers with questions and it's
like this fast-paced Bam Bam Bam kind of
thing he's like hmm
I and why were you all here so come here
to meet our friend who's splayed out on
the table and who is this Jackson Elias
jackson Elias he's a writer who you you
saw who did this I saw a gentleman and
he hopped out of this window and if you
look and I point out the car that
smashed in do you describe the guy I
described the guy and I also tell him
that he got dragged away and shoved into
a car did you get a license plate I
already gave it to the police officers
what I could get I got if you don't mind
I'm gonna ask you to give it to me sure
and I give him alms - laughs - okay
does does mr. Elias have any enemies or
anything I should know about
not that I'm aware of all right yeah and
he likes going on these like wonderful
investigations for this material - so
that's not technically a lie but you
know you know he has enemies do you want
I mean besides me I mean I mean yeah he
spent his entire life studying death
cults mm-hm and you know they had he he
was he was threatened a lot you know he
was uh
Mendozas alive I think I'll rephrase it
he might have some enemies but I don't
know
no he never mentioned he never to me you
would probably have to read his how do
you know him he's a writer we went on we
met him on a boat originally yeah that's
right yeah we were coming up over from
London and we met him on a boat
he liked cheesecake yeah he did need a
lot of cheesecake
aren't you writing that down do you know
him
no III don't and then I was like please
don't make me remember animate
characters details right now hang on no
you've never met no and I don't know if
I necessarily it depends on how hmm
I'll say that and he he pulls up this
carton does this mean anything to you
the pen you found a ssin never heard of
it listen it didn't ya was a laborer it
was in the newspaper about some
expedition wasn't yeah like Tyrone
expedition something about Egypt hmm you
uh live in New York
mm-hmm I don't I travel between here in
London a teacher at the Princeton
University hmm well do me a favor and
please give you our contact information
to the officer and if you hear anything
about this case please you know please
let me know we want to try and solve
this and do you make sure that if you
find out where the assailant is off to I
mean we this is our friend here this is
horrible
why do you want to know where the person
that killed him well I don't know I want
to know that you've operated him that's
a very different question than the one
you asked I'm sorry we're just in shock
I mean we're seeing our friend mutilated
on us it was very difficult better Hey
well
I mean the murderer doesn't often call
the cops so I'm not saying you're
suspects but I am saying I don't think
I'm getting the whole story here well I
don't understand what story there is I
mean why were you coming to see him he
didn't fight at us for drinks and he
didn't show up so he thought we'd come
and knock on his door and find out what
happened yeah we haven't seen him in a
long time last time we saw Jackson I
don't know if you usually years ago
seriously I don't know well like I said
please give the OPP's here contact
information we do want to cooperate with
you sir I'm sorry if we've set off your
alarms of distrust but we really are
just shocked it I mean I can't believe
that he's torn up like this and there's
a mark on his head and what is that all
about and the guy jumped out of the
window and then two guys picked his body
up and dragged him everybody mixbus you
actually make psychology rolls so weird
[Applause]
what good for not having anything but no
no I made it by to anybody who made it
when she mentions the mark on his
forehead he there's a clear reaction on
do anything like that and yeah that's
have you ever seen anything like this
before I turned to him I've never seen
anything like this before
Roz it is killer loose in New York I
think that's kind of what it looks like
doesn't it yeah all right should what
leave she would be afraid for our lives
like if so nails it's New York you
should always be afraid face ladies I
who who fired the shot he points at
the bullet hole in the frame I did so
you get carrion mm-hmm would you do me a
favor and put that on that dresser there
I unclip and click it to safety he
wasn't shot clearly so I'm not so
concerned but you know we don't like
just every Tom Dick and Harry I know
what you're looking for I just
remembered I'm recognize the guy that
was in here from a long time ago he was
a guy that threatened us remember no
time to dream and our hotel and
threatened us and that's why I fired the
shot he got out the window so just to be
clear again you're not telling the
actual story okay
this is what I'm saying right he rolled
in 98 he doesn't care yeah he's like
that's nice like that isn't air oh my
god so he threatened you yes five years
ago all of us we were all eating mr.
Elias
yes we were eating tacos this right here
old so badly then yeah well all right
look
ladies since you're being candid with me
I will be candid with you
there have been a number of murders that
have had this dis MO with the mark on
the forehead mm-hmm and we we have a
Susquehanna suspect that we apprehended
about three weeks ago
for these murders
who is currently in in prison in holding
and I mean I'm starting to think we
don't have our man yeah so who are the
other people I mean how do you think
that they're connected I mean well I
don't know what I haven't heard about
this in the newspaper or anything and so
I don't like and I mean Jackson lies I'm
sure he knows a lot of people but you
know he didn't mention anything so we
were not able to find there was no clear
connection between any other victims
they were they were all folks who were
involved with the unsavory characters
but not in any connected way and I I
don't know this mr. Elias but I'm I
wouldn't be surprised if we find that to
be true but you said there were three of
them and so I'm starting to wonder who
the guy we have in prison is and what is
his deal yeah good thinking well if we
hear anything or see anything anything
happens it's remotely important we'll
let you know yeah all right well I
appreciate that business car sure yeah
yeah he gives you his his mr. Hardy has
a direct number two it's actually to an
answering service okay it's like you
call and you leave a message with an
NYPD pool secretary who will get it to
him and he not so good at sketching but
and I've turned him I mean I really
don't want to look at my friend this way
but I kind of want to get do you have
copy a drawing of this mark I'm an
archaeologist I do a lot of civil stuff
I tell you what a man can tell I will
make sure that you get a we're gonna
have a photographer up here shortly and
we'll take photographs of the crime
scene and I'll make sure you get a photo
such a shame he's such a good fun fun
guy yeah I meant well too I love the
cilantro good I'm gonna miss him we got
to make sure we get some cilantro when
it's my cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake
cheesecake it's gonna be the worst week
ever
cilantro cheesecake yeah garnish so he
again he'll say like you know don't
don't leave the area we may need to talk
with you further and then he's gonna you
know then you'll be shown out he returns
your gun to you and he he suggests you
not leave the safety on at all times
because of what had happened I'm just a
little on it yeah but you are right so
right in I will be more careful you know
the officially the New York Police
Department takes a very dim view of
citizens carrying around firearms just
so you see so as you know I understand
I need a drink I don't know much you
guys that need yank the hotel bar yeah
and I'm gonna ask the concierge to use
the phone yeah of course
and I'm gonna call my brother Frank who
is a police officer uh-huh okay yeah
yeah I'm asked Frankie to do me a solid
so I'm gonna strike I'm gonna give him
the cops information and what I'm gonna
ask him is who are the other murder
victims okay tell him about the symbol
on the head and then ask him you know
who did Frank arrest three weeks ago for
murder okay or no Frank I'm sorry well
who did the pool yeah Martin Martin pool
okay
he's Frank and in white put an in white
yeah okay we're on we live in Lower East
Side
there you go Houston I like it don't
call it Houston Street yeah they get
really mad about yeah really confuses
a young Texan let me tell you what
Houston strike channel Jackson Eliza's
smearing I'm asking questions as I could
do that
he yes she can so you are all acutely
aware that it's been five years since
you've talked to Alexandra and you have
um you know you feel like you should be
the ones to tell her that Elias is dead
okay mm-hmm
and you know that she has an apartment
in Manhattan but you also know that
you've tried to you know five years ago
you guys several if you went to check up
on her and you know said go away there
was a lot of go away yeah million times
those calls are coming from in the house
it's trying so hard not to laugh back
there I thought you left left yeah you
know I was sitting behind the curtain
pay no attention to
like you should have just started doing
this on the back I'm waiting I would not
have gone well I would not entertaining
at least so you are in a free story
walk-up
you know you don't go out a whole lot
the joy of New York is people will
pretty much bring even in the 20s people
will bring you whatever you know you
want and you know so you have errand
boys bring you groceries and stuff like
that no do you work at all yes
okay the second job yes okay still all
right it's nice to get frustrations out
now and again all right so it is a
January morning it's cold but it's not
you know there's no snow or anything
like that it's just crisp and cold and
in that afternoon your bell rings your
doorbell mm-hmm and I'm not expecting a
delivery or anything make a luck rule
let's see no oh so yeah you work you
some groceries we're on the way
all right so I'm gonna go and open the
door it's the three of them I'm sitting
behind her hi friend
step back slander I make let's make
opposed strength rules so so you guys
roll and you roll let's see if it's the
better success nope yep all right so she
gets a foot in the door
please don't be mad we have very
important news to tell you please let us
come in something has happened something
really bad has happened let us in please
I know you don't want to use I know you
don't want anything to do with us but
you need to hear this
then I sure am oh my just step back and
let the door fall open his Ivan's I like
Jack Annalise is dead you could talk
about the band-aid has been ripped off
yes she's not kidding
sorry he was murdered he wasn't he was
can we come inside we were already there
yeah come in no bedside manners so I've
gathered hi like Bruce gruesome murder
not just like Oh photo punch you in the
face yes why do you have photos of a
murder scene long story because he was
carved in the face with the sigil or
symbol or something we haven't seen her
in five years and you're just laying
this on her it's kind of like a huge
heavy ball yeah let me let me go let me
go put the kettle on I would love some
murder makes me thirsty once upon a time
I was seven so it was taught me sir I'm
really sorry what my ears still work
just fine yes thank you it's been a long
time
it has been we're sorry to come with
such bad news but we didn't want you to
read it in a paper not even read it
yeah not no you see good friend he'd
actually I don't know if you got the
telegram but we all got you did the
telegram saying meet me at the hotel mag
sort of glanced over at the table where
the telegram said I'm it was it opened
yes okay we don't believe me for not
coming but if you'd it was the guy from
Peru
what guy from Peru the guy that
threatened us well we were just talking
whatever his name was the guy that
wouldn't give his name he would never
give a name he was in a coma I what we
were having topcoats you were
unconscious and that was a long span of
time in there where that was the case
you were unconscious we eat tacos
[Laughter]
manners kind of terrible it was the pica
de Gaia delicious mm-hmm as you do so
what what man came and threatened you
while you were eating what happened we
were being followed
there in Peru you were asleep we were
with Jackson this guy came through the
door
yes mr. Hughes and he came in he
wouldn't give us his name he just said
you need to leave town right away and he
was being really pushy and insistent and
we decided to follow him to this hotel
room and then we were pushy and insisted
very pushing consistent and I go like
this almost died and I show that yeah
she's got a huge scar huge that looks
like it's my animal Rica her raped me
I'm like I paid for it dearly I almost
died that was really stupid
I mean to do it but but anyways there
was this creature in there it was like a
parrot shark thing demon bear hmm
okay and we survives that and this guy
out of nowhere five years later is seen
in this room and Jackson Eliza's room
and Jackson Weiss is splayed out with
the ritual marks on his head and the guy
should have been out the window and I
shot him he fell and two guys like they
knew Clegg was planned two guys just
came out of nowhere with a car and
grabbed his body and they roll me your
new skill no okay
that mark seems familiar or it seems
significant at the least okay I know
this is a lot to put on you the kettle
whistles oh no and I go over and start
making tea and just busying myself with
something I'm gonna take all the
evidence that we stole off their
beautiful minding it like you're I come
back and go give a gift teacups to
everyone we've now dug in Jackson's room
I mean he called us to have drinks with
him and obviously not obviously but I
would suspect you'd want to show us this
information remind me what was in the
telegram you know you remember all a lot
of stuff about the Carlisle expedition
mm-hmm so a lot of the exposition that
we got last time yes you know you would
have gotten from the newspaper as well
mm-hmm
and I was a shut-in for a couple of
years yes so so you know you know sort
of some things about the Carlisle
foundation and you know the name oh you
don't have this one but they mentioned
and you Jackie wrote down the
information on that one too about the
face so yes Aaron you Foundation and I
wrote the symbols down to thank you
do any of the symbols look familiar
Navin yeah because they do look familiar
mm-hmm do they remind me of the the
dream yes that is that they're sort of
staring at them for a moment so you show
her the drawing I'll make you make an
art roll they look like blobs it's
actually quite good thanks
yes you don't remember he said you
wouldn't advise and you wouldn't
you probably don't want to hear this but
I mean it was all sincerity you're
totally awesome sure keeping yourself a
lady dude I'm I I commend you it took
much strength and willpower for you to
do what you did and you survived and
they know you might hate what you've
lived in the last five years but I'm
here to tell you you have an amazing
will and courage and I totally respect
you for that
so please don't we have to do something
about Jackson that's why we're here
we're not trying to turn your life
upside down again or put you through
hell but I I can't I can't we need we
need to and I can't just let this happen
and with
what I'm like we tried to be you and the
professor almost died I'm not who I was
five years ago no you're better no I'm
not I'm weaker a lot weaker that which
does not kill this makes us stronger and
destroys everything in its wake
it can if you let it for rise above it
do it with friends don't do it alone
we're here that's easy for you to say
you didn't lose your career you didn't
lose everything that you've worked for
since you were about yay tall you didn't
lose your skills and I look at you or
your wit or your will to survive and
thrive I couldn't talk for two years at
all I the fact that I have my voice now
is because I'm too damn stubborn exactly
exactly
they didn't take your dignity I step
away there's there's there's some very
good Scotch I go may I help yourself it
he knows more about scotch than I do he
says it's good it's five o'clock
somewhere
Wow I don't know if I can go running
back into strangeness but I recognize
look Alexandra I'm concerned I'm very
concerned and I know that you don't want
to be involved but I feel that there is
a potential that his name is BOM Smith I
swear to God his name is Kali if it's
not it's going to be yeah
Jackson lies called us for a reason and
he ended up like this this gentleman was
from Peru and followed Jackson lies here
I'm very concerned that he knows who we
are
already and if we don't face it head-on
he will find us regardless so we can
either be ill-prepared and stick our
heads in the sand and hide from it or go
after him every step away we might not
be involved anymore we might not be in
its way anymore but you already have a
target on your back not necessarily not
necessarily if we just let it happen
whatever it is we won't have the target
no more so than the rest of the world
scotch scotch tea oh it's real great at
least it's not that bad
Earl Grey hot when you don't we really
don't remember the dark Pharaoh what do
I I start trying to think of something
no I've never heard of such a thing and
I'm an expert on Egyptology you might
not remember this you told me you told
me that we weren't in our world so my
guess your Egyptology wouldn't I
we right this is going to sound crazy
but we're already in that realm I
suppose yeah I talk to dead people we're
good
and I saw someone who shouldn't exist
and I remember it and you two were there
but you don't remember he said you
wouldn't and I suppose that makes sense
he said he was a god and when I was hmm
indisposed caught the the go that wait
when you were under I remember seeing
something it was weird what what did you
say I was like I was in two places but
that's all I really remember it wait it
didn't feel right when I wasn't like I
couldn't breathe under that goo - it was
very straight I mean I could see you -
but it was like we were somewhere else
we were like hovering in the air it
seemed it was all crystal clear and the
and then we weren't there anymore
we weren't in the goo we weren't in
Peru's yeah that rhymed like that hmm we
weren't anywhere that I recognized and
you said but it wasn't anywhere on earth
and you don't remember it
Donner not on earth but it was a pyramid
with the still I Stella in front with
gold and someone who looked like a
living obsidian statue he called himself
the dark Pharaoh because he said that
are his actual name would drive us
does this ring any bells nope
hmm I'll save you the effort it won't
and those symbols were there they were
part of it
so whatever the dark Pharaoh is or was
those symbols have to do with him and I
don't know who he is exactly the the I
mean I don't know anything about
Egyptology and you do and you don't
recognize the name well if everything
you say is true I'm taking a scientific
approach here if everything you say is
truth and I wouldn't know anything about
it because it's not from this world
but he referenced himself as a God one
of the five he does know he didn't say
he didn't say who the others were do you
want to have that whole bloody tongue
cold like maggot king right maggot king
oh he mentioned that yes possibly
so the Larkin before he died mentioned
there were five incarnation by a vicious
and the other than the father of maggots
hmm he was surprised and perhaps upset
that I was trying so hard to not take in
so he's a crazy person God I mean aren't
we mad around you yeah Alice in
Wonderland you're important to this I'm
trying to figure it out how can we lay a
low profile if there's a god that I mean
gods know everything all all he said on
the subject was get out of his way get
out of the way so we're gonna be in his
way that's a bad idea
so let me get this straight we've rocked
the boat enough to get the hold of an
extra plane year-old creature that calls
himself a god that's okay in the dark
Pharaoh that's not a good I'm sorry but
it's pretty much a bad guy and I think
we're already in his way so we were and
then we left Peru and now we're here and
none of us have been bothered in five
years what was Jack's no I is doing that
got him back in the way we have all of
these clues Harvard University in
Shanghai where do you want to go first
and there's announced the Cairo find a
place in New York yeah that's very nice
right and is there anything that
connects it to the Carlisle expedition I
don't remember him on the back of this
sillas in come on salads in quano me in
Queen in Quinn I can't pronounce an
apostrophes not not anything that
really connects well Edward Gavigan yes
mm because he was a member of the
Carlisle for expedition there's also the
director of the pen you yeah you said
two things make me an intelligence roll
that yes okay so a remember she
wasn't there for for the the Pharaoh
correct and they don't either to be fair
and
Pharaoh said Jackson was dead that's
right
when did Jackson die
what time is it four hours ago that
doesn't make sense
what what doesn't make sense the dark
Pharaoh said that Jackson Elias was dead
he was looking for you you weren't there
mm-hmm he said that five years ago five
years ago when I was Edison there he's
extraterrestrial and time doesn't make
sense
okay so time isn't linear for him that
makes sense
yes when when when he Saturn out called
us there did he say why she wasn't there
oh yes he did he said that she put on
the mask and we hadn't yet so you're
safe so I have no idea what any of that
means the gold thing I mean I remember
the mask I don't and I'm just kind of
trying to remember what I don't know why
that's important you had some visions
yeah I don't even know how this works
but I'm gonna take a leap in logic here
you put on the mask mm-hmm he obviously
likes the mask and it was that put it on
I guess connects him to that so maybe
you're safe maybe you are you know
Finnis imbued with magic or or the I
like I'm like all right it's already
tainted maybe maybe EM rise yeah you
know maybe maybe it's the other way
around that the mask that he tags you
know that you brought a no no that the
mask hmm it may have been that you
didn't need to be persuaded
hmm because you'd put on the mask maybe
it's like the first way to do like the
tons and I think the thoroughly confused
what I would be persuaded to do what did
you see when you put the thing on I know
I'm asking things that Emma deliberately
forgot yeah kinda Watson's gosh look
Emma if I could make myself remember
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that happen when I was trying to
choke myself yes okay so I'm gonna do
this kind of without this gotta just to
make it more from a memory so when I
put the mask on it was very much like I
was here and then it was there and then
I was in another place and so some of
the things that I saw there that were
shown to me was what turned out I think
to be the pyramid that we were at but it
was like a very high level like way up
way up high view and there was like a
lot of ritual sacrifice I'm talking like
people were about the size of like ants
or whatever and it was just everywhere
and it's just everything was covered
with blood and it was just kind of
chaotic and then I remember the next
thing that I saw was like we were on a
train or I was on a train in the desert
and in particular desert pyramid no that
was just the desert just traveling
through the desert I their trains
through the desert in Egypt in near the
pyramids oh it's heaven Ben it's a fair
I mean yeah I would suspect that you get
fair gonna be want to remember because
honestly right now your memories just I
don't know I mean you just got off work
no I can barely remember do you I can
just run through the visions I was like
wanted but I'm kind of like do I
remember okay and then the other one was
um God my handwriting is terrible with
what the hell is a black pet black pit
see never mind
yeah cuz then I remember I had some sort
of like what are we doing in Peru where
I was like oh the Red Rock cuz there was
a Red Rock next to a black pit which
assuming that black pit was the pit
where all of the bodies were when we
were there either the bodies or they
start our food and put a Red Rock over
it that's why when I said it was the Red
Rock it was like oh it's the Red Rock
and that there were tentacles coming
out of like the Sun or something I don't
know and it's like the Sun had turned
black it was just it was just weird okay
the weirdest weirdest of weird rocks
let's let's see if we can put this
together so visions just want to put the
mask on and remember it's just like I
didn't feel good I've kind of I thought
I fainted and you did you feel like you
were in another dimension
that's no cuz I it was just because I
why not
that might be it when somebody's like
would you like an hors d'oeuvre what do
you do you're like Cheryl would you like
a gold ring what do you do I mean I'd
ask if it's cars first did you like an
hors d'oeuvre that will rob you of your
sanity like didn't call out to you -
psychic economy no no I mean it's like
trying a piece of jewelry on you're just
like this is cool
there it is interesting fit working like
that that'd be super cool yes I was just
curious and so I put it on I just put it
to my face and it just then I saw things
that were earthly it wasn't like it was
anyplace else
I was just it was weird cuz I was flying
or I was on a train or do whatever but I
was still me and I was still here and I
was still me but I was somewhere else
and I went from probably drowning with a
thing going down my throat she's
standing on in front in front of this
living obsidian statue with you -
there's two ways to look at that is
everything that we've experienced is
real yes and let's just assume it is I'm
just saying there's two ways to look at
it everything
is real or everything that we see is not
real they're hallucinations because
we've been so close to death so many
times ya know and they're looking at
Jackson lies there's an opening I love
that movie
well if you look at it this way we have
a god you're talking about visions of
Rachel psychology god I've never even
heard of the dark Pharaoh and I know but
there's so many I mean just what you
were telling me is that there are so
many pharaohs that you don't know you
know I mean that had tombs haven't been
discovered names have been erased off
cartouche is so it's not like you know
every Pharaoh in every I know every
farad there is every worshipped God even
so what did he do Pharaoh with a god
complex that we all had that that's the
thing they all had that becomes
theoretically gone yes yes and there
they were possessed by the divine that's
the way the Egyptians believed all their
gods were made flesh the deities came
down and embodied them and channeled
through them used them as vessels so the
way that part of the reason why I wasn't
really that disturbed by the tongue that
was on Larkins belly is because that's
something that they do people will get
marked for as vessels for the divine was
an agent practice that they do all the
time and nervous followers do these
types of things as well in fact you were
saying obsidian that's very anubian
lurkin is he is he still alive no are
you sure like pretty sure just like
Mendozas
anymore either oh is he he's I missed a
few things let's say Gold's bar was put
back the pyramids say did I see him like
strangling in the in in in the pit
because Mendoza was it was down below
dragging Octavia down sure did I see
that yeah sure okay so Mandela's agna
dozle like yeah someone does I know of
but Larkin not so much Larkin
actually oddly enough Jackson Weiss was
acting nerd after he took care of Larkin
remember he took Larkin back he away
from the pyramid and he was keeping an
eye on him because Larkin didn't want to
go downstairs and neither did Jackson
because it smelled bad
it did smoke I did smiley farewell I got
sick several times Oh still can almost
remember the taste even though it was
five years ago
Oh believe me that taste never leaves my
mouth I don't know this right I just
want to confirm with you guys that I
don't know that Larkin went crazy and
was like you're gonna do this that's
right you never saw the Larson yeah you
guys don't have them yeah yeah you
didn't see the black eyes and the spells
and stuff like that
yeah yeah so I started to wet that I
miss oh wait a minute so then what
happened to Larkin does somebody shoot
him mm-hmm
I was like did somebody shoot him two
guesses first one doesn't count
well I apparently was resist he was
doing something I want to talk to Larkin
we were having a conversation everything
was flying his eyes turned black and
then he started trying to like I felt as
will trying to like dominate me and make
me blow up the pyramid he wanted me to
blow it up and I went no resist Crocker
successes I laughed so hard when I
thought that the look on your face you
were so angry
so if Egyptian gods use humans as
vessels and Larkin was a vessel could
the Larkin be possessed with that dark
pharaoh person trying to possess you it
makes jesus possessed with a king of
maggots
guy and I don't know if they're one in
the same I don't think what did the dark
Pharaoh say to me about Larkin I'm
trying to remember it's been a minute
useless fool he said let lurk and do his
thing
mmm-hmm you know and that Larkin made
the Cara Siri intelligent okay okay
yeah Larkin was attached to the car
Cerie pretty tightly from what the dark
Pharaoh was saying that he was the one
who made the car Siri intelligent it was
part of why he was so annoyed that I
wasn't accepting the gift of becoming a
Cara Siri that ain't no gift I would say
return it because one of my objections
of course besides everything was was
becoming a mindless hunger and beasts
and he said that Larkin has made it so
that they aren't hmm so and he referred
to it as his gift his gift see all right
so have an extra dimensional crazy think
he said our gift getting and if he
didn't he should have okay maybe father
wait sure that's how that works
Oh father of maggots son of tentacles
our new God gonna go down a road I don't
like we've received two anonymous from
the person anonymous or just anonymous
the the the infamous hacker group
Anonymous in their their never ending it
see thank you thank you thank you we
have to say thank you in Russian hands
mittens party bus spasiba well show a
spicy better beer and at this time your
[Laughter]
excellent and your groceries get here
yeah and a telegram is delivered to you
mm-hmm and it is an invitation to the
funeral of Jackson Elias which will take
place in two days on the 17th and I just
look at it you'll all receive the same
telegram at the address at wouldn¬¥t at
your a home address or your wherever you
are those of you who live in New York
will receive it you know there fold up
very carefully and put it on the table
who's friendly enough to plan us you
know wait a minute who's friendly enough
and knows that you know him
oh the telegram is from someone named
Jonah Kensington Kensington does it look
official like his estate or does it so
it's a it's just a Western Union
telegram so ok but then but it's signed
Jonah Kensington and it's addressed to
Friends of Jackson Elias got it in the
20s it was often cheaper to send
telegrams about this sort of stuff than
it was to send letters sure even call
yeah it's not everyone had a phone and I
think there we're gonna go to break
before the funeral
cool time flies when you're dealing with
emotional scars as you do as you do so
we're gonna go to break briefly we'll be
back in a few minutes and we'll see you
then
hello everyone and welcome to quests and
chaos we are a tabletop RPG and board
game channel we are streaming three
times a week on twitchin uploading board
games to YouTube this Kickstarter is our
official launch of March we are going to
run this Kickstarter for 30 days with
the goal of $1,500 what this will do is
provide the upfront cost for us to
create merch for our channel so we are
gonna create stickers and mugs and
t-shirts the good news is we've already
created two of those things so we have
stickers and we have mugs ready to go
out the door as you can see on the side
we've got a number of cool perks the
first one is you just kind of you know
helping us out and saying here's five
bucks we like what you're doing and in
return we're gonna send you a sticker
the next one up is our infamous mug it
is a 16 ounce Gila mug and it holds the
beverage of your choice whether that's
coffee tea or beer the next one up is
our logo shirt this cool logo put on a
t-shirt that you wear that's pretty
awesome then we have the natural one
logo t-shirt start your week off right
with a critical fail that's what Bo C
Williams says our final t-shirt in this
initial Kickstarter allows you to show
your support of the Kaos agents as well
as the Immaculate Guild of octa peers
thank you guys for watching this video
we really appreciate you tuning in every
week live watching our videos on YouTube
this Kickstarter is a way for you to
support the channel and get something in
return out of it so we think it's a
win-win for all of us and we really
appreciate you taking the time to check
you
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
welcome back we have another outtake for
the it's been two days since James has
spilled anything
it's now been 0 days since we've had a
sound or video issue with this the last
one wasn't with unnatural one so at
least first keeping it in the same week
there you go
so welcome back we we we had a lovely
break yeah we're dogs there was wine yes
no it was an exciting time so so you all
you know you do you all decide to sort
of reconvene at the funeral mm-hmm so
you you're gonna have tomorrow is
essentially a day with nothing going on
and in the paper is the obituary
actually it is a it is a news story
about the murder of Jackson Elias if
somebody wants to read that out the real
voice author murdered by brutal killers
body found in Hotel Chelsea possible
possible connection to Harlem murders
author Jackson Elias four to one author
Jackson Elias 41 was found murdered in
his fourth room floor at the Hotel
Chelsea where the killers are reported
to have used Long Knives to murder to
butcher their victim lieutenant Martin
Poole of the murder squad stated that he
is exploring possible connections
between this murder and similar slayings
in Harlem last year the good friends of
Jackson Elias you guys do Kate yeah
we're the ones who almost died for him
okay yeah right the good friends of
Jackson Elias are in mourning at the
news mr. Elias had some fame as a writer
specialize in in popular well research
books about strange and violent cults
worldwide a subject in which he was an
acknowledged expert his first book
published in 1910 was skulls along the
river exposing headhunter cults in the
Amazon basin his best-known work was
sons of death 1918 for which he
infiltrated a group of modern-day
studies in in India mm-hmm he had no
living relatives and maintained no
permanent address although he was an
experienced world traveler he often
visited New York where the offices of
his publisher Prospero house are located
on Lexington Avenue he was known to
favor the hotel chelsea while in the
city the murder of Elias bears
similarities to a series of other
killings committed in Harlem over the
course of the last year or more local
resident Hilton Adams 29 of 118 West
137th Street was convicted of one of the
Harlem murders in October last and is
believed by police to be guilty of
others he is madam Hilton Adams of 118
West don't worry about the address he is
awaiting execution in sing-sing Adams a
Negro sorry is a veteran of the war and
served as a sergeant in this 369th
infantry regiment
lieutenant Poole offered no opinion
whether this new murder indicates that
Adams had accomplices or is innocent of
the previous crimes and your brother
will tell you that Hilton Adams is the
guy that's in prison currently for them
he also mentions is your brother a good
cop as far as I know yes because if not
you would pull his ears but I wouldn't
be surprised if he wasn't like no
he's ever told me that he wasn't a shady
cop right if you mean by good cop bad
cop good cop shady cop your brother
tells you that that Hilton Adams was was
brought in by the by captain captain
Robson captain Walter Robson okay who is
sort of notorious for being a shady cop
okay ah your brother is you know most
people are pretty sure that captain
Robson is on the take he doesn't think
that's true of lieutenant Poole like
they they they tend to have a pretty you
know the people in homicide tend to be
pretty on the up-and-up it's the it's
the beat cops and the neighborhood cops
that tend to be and Robson is the
and so yeah you got a couple clues out
of that I'm just wondering was there
anything else that like in the case file
that was my question was there anything
else in the case file to think that it
actually was legitimate like he
legitimately may have murdered one of
these people you know cuz so the
evidence the evidence has all been
contained your brother can't even see it
okay so he doesn't know okay but you
know in the 20s a lot of people
especially African Americans didn't need
a lot of evidence - yeah yeah it was
like one eyewitness I think I saw that
guy yeah okay yes can you describe the
person he was black well then you know
take these yeah the more things change
the more they stay the same
yes round up the usual suspects in it
so on the 16th which is today it is very
cold and it's a very cold day and you
all received the invite to the to the to
the funeral
there are a couple things you could
follow up on it would be pretty easy to
telegram the librarian at Harvard if
there's something you wanted to do there
and you also have an address for Emerson
imports so you could you know you could
follow up on that or you could just sort
of wait and reconvene at the funeral and
see sort of where that leads you I'm not
gonna take the lead on any of this I'm
trying to stay out of this
I said let's shouldn't go to Emerson
imports today I would like to do that
why not on the card what does it specify
like what is it antiquities like what
are the imports you know just as Emerson
imports gives an address and a telephone
number but what I find interesting is
the name on the back Salas Nakata and
you all recognize that as Jackson and
Jackson's handwriting okay are you
really going to go and check this place
out absolutely I mean its Jackson why is
he's okay guy led us astray a few times
he's led us astray more often than not
let's put it that was his cold blood and
you know Panda Express Wow
good to know well if you let her go in I
suppose I should come watch your backs
please please I mean why shouldn't we
follow up on her I can how long do you
have I can list a number everything and
there's nobody's name on the front of
the card okay but this was someone that
Jackson Elias thought was important the
stylist naquan a person who I think is a
he Silas is generally a male name okay
yeah let's go see Silas should we call
okay all right so you you take a cab
to Emerson imports it's a long narrow
building on the edge of the Hudson River
in Hell's Kitchen so it's about scene so
it's where all the defenders hang out
it's about here in Midtown on the edge
here I'd say it's a warehouse district
yeah it was like it might make sense to
make a key event in round it is hit with
a stick it's it's essentially a
warehouse and I mean you know most of
you would know like import import export
you know that tends to be sort of buying
stuff and then sell you know bringing
stuff in from other countries and
selling it here rugs vases you know
statuary that sort of thing although it
can lead it can be just about anything
and when you come in he heavy I spent
way too long putting together all these
dang MPC sheets and then I didn't I
didn't organize them so I'm just
wondering if we should split up and like
to go in the front door and ask for
Silas and then the other two you kind of
wander around outside
I don't know that splitting up I don't
like the idea of any of you being caught
unawares if something comes out okay
so inside when you go in it's a
warehouse full of boxes and there's a
small office upstairs at the front and
in the office is one guy and when you
come in he starts to come down his name
is Arthur Emerson okay oh and he is he's
built he's looks like a strong guy
and he like could I help you ladies
my ass hello I was following up for a
colleague of mine
Jackson Elias he had met with somebody
here I found his business card and
Jackson had basically asked us to to
see about something he was I think
looking for something from Shanghai
perhaps I'm not too sure exactly what
the relationship was but I'm supposed to
speak to and I kind of pulled this out
right and flip it over Silas come on hey
do you is that somebody that works here
yes
I don't think Silas does anything was
sharing hi okay
what does Silas do is it well your buddy
Jackson Elias and he was looking for
connections with Mombasa oh I work with
her a mom Boston importer odd just sing
and he he I import a lot of things and
Mister Anquan a buys a lot of them for
his business he's got a business in
Harlem the juju house mm-hmm
he calls it and yeah that sir that's
what I told mr. Elias the Silas was the
manager there at the juju house and then
he went on his way okay
and he wasn't he wasn't looking for
anything specific though he wasn't
looking for an item or anything he
didn't mention that he was didn't
mention anything no he was just he asked
about he asked about who I imported from
Mombasa for and I told him okay
all right he gives us the address who
was buying stuff yeah yeah he gives you
that dress to juju house all right well
I gotta tell you I like I told you buddy
that in quantitate character he makes
makes me very uncomfortable
why why do you say that he's just the
just a creepy dude you know that's not
very period that's right yeah it's like
what is it I just look back at him like
no sir
Ketel he's you know he just got he's
green he's a he's a strange sort yeah
yeah very cold hmm not not a people
person you know in my business you got
to shake hands you know you want to you
want to grease some palms that sort of
thing not this guy
you always went back to him it was going
back to a different accent okay whether
you say shake some hands I'll be like
all right I get you you know shake his
hand to be like pat him on the back and
be like all right man thanks yeah okay
yeah let me know if I get help you do
anything else will do thank you yeah
oh you're interested in the rugs or
anything anything from Egypt no no I
pretty much it's all Mombasa for me I
know it like I said I know a guy mr.
Singh sends me the good stuff so yeah
sure so what are you looking for we got
beautiful masks we got we got all
sorts we got a ceremonial statuary well
I think that yes I'm interested okay he
so he comes out and he opens up a crate
and he pulls out a almost an oval but
with like points at the top very
stylized sort of tribal masks okay
he's like I don't know anything about it
but they sell well you know may I see it
yeah sure sure
do I feel anything from the mass multi
another thing make me high power make me
a power roll that was an interesting
question ah damn it no no remember you
want to feel it all right so so yeah you
you have you have you get a feeling of
[Music]
you get a feeling that a lot of people
does it feel warm or beckoning or evil
or anything no geez it actually feels
very positive positive yeah cool I kind
of gives me one eyebrow mm-hmm it's safe
you like it cuz I could give you a deal
I got like 50 of them back there
may I see more well I mean they're all
the same so how about the statues while
they're doing that mhm
you know show them the statue I'm gonna
like on a piece of paper or a business
card or something like that
I'm gonna sketch something that kind of
looks like the Asscher just say I saw
like you know continue on with the
statues or whatever because if there's
any interesting statue right if not I'm
gonna be like anything with it like
something like this on it look oh this
is a cool design I saw have you seen
this anywhere or no I doesn't look
familiar
all right yes yeah sorry do you want to
see anything could you give us a call
about it sure yeah if you would just
believe it leave me a phone number I'm
happy to can I have that picture
absolutely yeah okay yeah and just like
write my number on the back of it sure
man that's a flashback to my youth yeah
he'll he'll he'll happily keep it and
he'll you know if he sees something he
will not you will not get a call he
doesn't have him probably not but the
statuary looks very sort of and you can
you can all make it a cult role when you
see the statuary made it anybody that
made it don't forget to check and
anybody who made it these are all pretty
bog-standard fertility very very generic
yeah this is not you know these are not
artifacts of ancient power you saw them
for a reasonable price from what I know
making a praise role mm-hmm this is not
a world you travel in the wholesale yeah
I mean it seems you know and while we're
doing that can I can I make another
crappy role I haven't hit anything yet
tonight 49 so that should I'm gonna roll
first and then pick you seal it with a
$40 I punch him me with nine while
they're doing that I also like it when
he gives me no dice on the image I was
kind of like looking around sure so with
the 49 it's just a regular success like
everything seems okay yeah I mean so a
he's the only guy here yeah and it looks
like it's a small you know this is a
fairly small shoestring business he's
not the so with that role I'll give you
he's not this guy's not rich like he's
not well you know he's not particularly
well-dressed or anything like that he's
he's sort of getting by okay yeah I
don't have to roll on it it's clear that
if he's the only guy here he's not going
to Kenya to pick up yeah someone there's
someone's delivery and getting stuff off
a boat that's in a camera and so
probably a lot of this stuff is pretty
mass-produced hmm like gift shop soap
selfie yeah yeah okay this is not you
know these are not you know this is not
you seem quality stuff okay alright do
we want to go the wrong talk to this
friend yeah that's right the rugs are
read they're kind of stamped read kind
of stuff they seem very nice it's not
like it's very different you know and
your mind rugs are sort of the classic
Persian rugs or something like that
these are more mats and then then
anything else they're pretty good thanks
yeah you know they don't sell as well I
don't know why people have strange
tastes yeah that's true that's true well
if you excuse me ladies
very nice to meet you missed you too see
you later thanks for helping us out yeah
yeah yeah
all right should we go see ma Jo sang
cuz I can't understand what I'll just
sing is in Oh a thing yeah yeah I'll
just sing is that guy in Kenya did you
go through the matchbox but it's the
juju house right yes the juju house in
Harlem oh my god that actually gave us
matches yeah but it's dangerous so our
dressing is in Kenya he doesn't yeah he
is the he's he's the person who shipping
everything got it or as he says his guy
he's good yeah my god okay so what it's
you know midday do we know what the juju
house is you have no idea okay I like to
me it sounds like a restaurant I think
we should telegram the Harvard guy the
Harvard guy lady the lamebrains Emerson
the Harvard person so Jackson was asking
about Jackson was asking about a book at
Harvard and she was writing to tell him
that the book was not available but the
other material would be available yeah
the information you seek may be found
here in other volumes if you contact me
upon arrival I would be most happy to
further assist you oh we should go to
Harvard
right the head I don't feel like going
to Boston today it's a good train well I
wonder how many people are gonna
actually show up right yeah I will be
very interested to see who shows up
first someone that's I'm saying with no
family you kind of have to assume that
there are so students of some way some
way shape or form
yes publishers manager and then
[Music]
I think that sounds about right that
sounds how far away from way from Harley
like taxi or it's a good it's a pretty
good way is Harlem actually I've never
been to the East Coast I've been to I've
been to the east coast but not New York
City it's cool for this East Michigan's
and like them in the Midwest yeah so I
mean I've been in Norfolk and I've been
to Washington DC but I have been sitting
it's pretty much like Harlem is up here
on this map mm-hmm
so it's passed like that is the edge of
Central Park right there hmm and so it's
going this way now come across Harlem so
this whole area here is Harlem and the
juju house is on 137th Street which is
right here so it's off it's a little
alley off one hundred and thirty seventh
Street point of order yes that that's
the same street that Hilton Adams lived
on just so y'all know interesting you
said the address wasn't important you
lie you lie sir I will always tell you
addresses you don't need to remember I
remember what I mean by not important I
shouldn't say not significant fairness
you don't need to remember okay but it
was on the same street at least I don't
know how long that Street is cuz New
York also if she'll give you the
license plate number you can have your
brother check the license a license
plate rundown he'll get he'll give that
to he'll have that tomorrow alright
so and not only that we should look
and see at the funeral innovations up in
that car mmm-hmm good point which
actually actually kind of want to be
disguised I don't want I want to get a
wig that's like short black or something
I don't want to
I do I don't want to be familiar to mr.
Peruvian Gaia don't think he's dead
well for what it's worth he never saw me
exactly it's young well at least not as
far as I know he knows what we look like
Bob
I mean it's entirely possible are you if
if we're going the perronnette if we're
going the paranoid route he may have
come into my hospital room at some point
in Peru mmhmm yeah but apparently didn't
think that you were threat didn't do it
left me alive alright so choose your
house what's up what is it well you as a
native New York I would know this is a
neighborhood called little Africa ok in
Harlem yeah I'm not familiar with it all
cuz I live yeah I'm there in like really
are you live in this in Little Italy
yeah I don't fancy I live in Little
Italy right next to fancy so you're
you're this is an alley off of 137th
Street and it opens up into a courtyard
and there are two doors in the courtyard
one has a little ramshackle sign over it
that says juju house African art
Emporium gotta and the other leads into
an apartment building I cannot possibly
be the only one who's tempted by that
apartment building we could look and see
whose names are on the mailbox so like
this is Harlem and you guys stand out
you left so hmm
and so like poking around we'll get
noticed fair you know mm-hmm so tell me
where the mailboxes right next to each
other right no so they're on opposite
sides the courtyard the juju house and
then the apartment building and I mean
you know in the courtyard there are you
know there's maybe a kid running around
and there's you know there's the sense
of like some windows with like people
hanging the washout and that sort of
thing it's you know probably a 15 story
apartment building holy crap that's kind
of New York yeah
clothing swap shops or anything that I
can see that's I mean you said there's
quite a few shops yeah on on 137th this
is a little commercial district
most of them specialize in in either and
African clothing around here so Daishi
key is that sort of thing hmm is the
apartment building 118
so that's farther down okay that's
farther down it's not yeah that's that's
more towards towards the Harlem River
okay so that's down here
so what name do I see on the mailboxes
anything that jumps out yeah you don't
see any names you recognize okay you
don't see in Quan a you don't see any
name you've heard before if they come up
again I'll let you know if they're
significant well I guess we'll go inside
the art important all right are you all
going in I think I'm gonna get a change
of clothes because I stand out we're
gonna stand out regard to show you truly
stand out even yeah yeah if I could find
something that's not quite so African
that's a I was like looking for a thrift
shop okay make a luck rule ya know the
everything here is pretty you'd need
to go several blocks away probably I
think we should just embrace the fact
that we are going to stand out as very
white women we're going to an art store
be my orders and put on him every mask
in the place yes I will please sit down
the Peruvian guy follow this and then
killed our friend so I'm just concerned
the more we stand out the worst it'll be
for us yeah but aside I have a low
profile that's that's I mean your is
getting to do wait in the car I can go
in and I am not letting you go in there
try master son without me you are like
you could try and cased the place and
like just watch it for a couple hours
like from the car and see like what the
traffic pattern is you know as a P I
you've done that step before I'm gonna
give you a
you'll take a disadvantage I on the roll
because it's three white women sitting
in the car the cab run yeah the whole
time it really stands up little Africa
yeah but but I mean you could you know
or if you wanted to like just casually
hang out on a stoop and sort of watch
that but again I'd give you a challenge
die on that no I'm gonna go in and if
anything if I wanted to like case the
joint I would basically take it outside
to be like hey alright what's up bro
alright so is anybody not going into the
store I think I want to take you because
we can kind of fool the people be like
you are an archaeologist doctor who
wants to learn about these things and I
can be your token person of college and
endanger one of my students that I
wanted to introduce me to some cinema
culture that's different than what I
teach yeah I think that's a decent
disguise for us yeah it's clear that
this place is not a thriving mecca of
Commerce but while you're sort of all in
the courtyard like one person goes into
this injustice tour and sort of
definitely makes note of you an
african-american woman goes into the
okay I'm just gonna walk into the store
that much yeah I'm alright talk to the
kid okay I follow you yeah the hood up
is weirder yeah indoors especially I'll
stick with mmm to walk up across the
street I know you guys are in the
courtyard you're in though okay you go
in and there's a woman buying spice at
the so it's a very small store there's
like two aisles basically of shelves and
on the shelves are various masks some of
them look familiar from the store there
are
different knickknacks there are let's
see here what kind of spices are there
[Laughter]
good ones I don't not a spice guy so but
they're there they're clearly from
Africa
so there are spices that are sorry and
and the woman the woman who's buying has
an accent of some sort and the man
behind the register is a super old man
who you will come to know as Silas in
Kuan a ah he's wearing a Maasai blanket
and he is you know he's sort of politely
talking to the woman and making a little
you know shopkeeper small talk and he
sells her the spices and she heads off
and she like acknowledges you as she
heads out what do you say what do you
want the kid yeah I'm just like hey
hello you know hmm
have you been in that store before do
you go in there with your mom oh yeah
they got neat stuff like what what do
you get what did you buy my mom bought
me an elephant statue really yeah
what is it made out of it is it made out
of ivory like an elephants ivory or
elephant I don't know it's a elephant
statue okay cool it's it's heavy but
it's cool cool
Deb has that store always been there was
that something else before it's always
been there okay cool he's like seven
yeah do you know the old way do you know
the old guy who runs it he gives me
candy sometimes is it what kind of candy
sweeter sour sweet
it gives me root beer barrels beer
barrel yeah I pull one out no he says I
love root beer barrel oh there you go
all right you love the end for life yeah
exactly so what kind of people go in
there I mean is it just everybody in the
neighborhood or have you ever seen like
really kind of scary guys go in there
oh really all moms and just moms and
kids go shopping in there and and guys
okay times okay yeah guys we'll go in
there too all right but I mean everybody
I've met him there's been nice cool I
play in here this is we live in that
building uh-huh
do is it whole your whole family's in
there yeah yeah you have any brothers or
sisters
I do I have two brothers okay and I have
a grandma and I have a grandpa and I
have a cousin ha ha and I have an uncle
ha ha and we all live in the apartment
ok and what about grandma and grandpa
what do they say about that old man in
there oh they they like they like just
he gives them stuff for cooking because
my grandma makes good food I bet you she
does and then I like polka min a low
I'm sorry I didn't get your name I'm
Jimmy Jimmy Emma nice to meet you
Emma yeah so Jimmy you play her every
day I do do you live in that building
yeah you told me that you go to school
around here I don't go to school really
no good for you Thanks liberating and
free child hood hang on to it kid
my mom says that that I I'm gonna go to
school but first I have to help her take
care of my grandma and grandpa cuz they
live with us that is a very important
job Jimmy there's a very important job
and you know what Grandma and Grandpa
appreciate that and when they're gone
you're gonna miss them so enjoy every
moment to that weird they going
sometimes they go away Jimmy MA
and so I'm there with her must not feel
emotion so then I give Jimmy how much
you're fun like does their probably a
nickel yeah so yeah I give Jimmy like I
give Jimmy a nickel and say Jimmy you
play here every day right you told me
you play here every day
yeah okay do you know how to use a
phone is there a phone in this neighbor
is there phone anywhere around here I I
don't know no I don't think maybe a few
blocks away
okay did you see a pay phone anywhere
anywhere around here there are police
phones mm-hmm okay huh yeah not a lot of
payphones in Harlem yeah or anywhere oh
yeah yeah well no there are in various
neighborhoods there are but okay
not so much in Harlem mm-hmm okay do you
knows that enough money to get like
that's more money than he's ever seen
give him some money and be like if you
see anything anything weird going on in
that place Jimmy I want you to get in a
[Laughter]
since this is the best thing ever
okay so I give the technicals I give my
car and be like get a cab and tell them
that you want to go see my mom okay if
anything weird happens over there does
your mom make yummy food yeah she does
oh yeah she does she makes all kinds of
yummy food she makes all kinds of pastas
and bread and sweets and more bread I'm
what are called chickens it's a really
sweet sort of like chewy bread and they
put sauce on it
Wow yeah it is it's great Jimmy and then
there's a lot of like crunchy candies
being good with kids to being the Wicked
Witch focus my mom about it okay
all right where does your mom live I
gave him the car I gave me the car with
my address on it I can't read that's
okay give it to the cab driver okay
Tommy you got two nickels and that
she'll pay for the rest when you get
there okay should give you more root
beer barrels okay give me a high five do
it so what am i if I see anything weird
yep
yeah give them the card go to the nuts
Andy done
okay and I'm just like I really want
gosh she did again that girl is gonna
get in trouble someday all right back in
the store okay maybe just a little
creepy semester in quanta like when you
come in he says he'll be right with you
and yes it's gonna like newsy around
your ass kind of put my hand on it to
feel if there's anything a cultish weird
or energies coming will to spidey sense
oh you can so you can make an occult
roll I made it so I mean you certainly
see necklaces and things like that that
are components of you know that you've
figure our ritual components nothing
that kind of nothing that kind of you
know nothing that sends off like warning
bells or anything like that
you know it seems pretty pretty
it seems pretty it's not it's not
run-of-the-mill this is most of the
stuff here is better than what you saw
Emerson imports there is more yeah
there's like you know there's stuffed
models of animals there are carvings
that are definitely very authentic there
are various sort of African tribal
artifacts that's where the masks are and
that sort of thing and there are in
under a case where where Silas stands
with the cash register are dull knives
dull sort of ritual knives and ivory
carved creatures like
animals okay I have enough knives for
everyone this spices on our noses the
spicy sorry yeah the spices are like to
his left
okay I'm gonna go towards the faces and
grab something that looks like Cayenne
or what right sure yeah
yes I'm gonna buy something sure spice
in my life yeah and I talked to you
about okay so cover story professor
student I want to you're doing this in
the store a tick bomb in quietly okay
yes he's he's helping the woman yeah
that's that's good so just let me sound
like a clueless white woman here I'm
just standing there going mm-hmm and you
cuz you're like it's the part I was born
like anything with interest look around
with me
do we see anything with the symbol no no
nothing no you see nothing like that
the store so there's the storefront and
then there's a blanket over a door that
is probably like the back office but
it's very small
okay you can both make spot hidden roles
Oh
critical success no Jamie real so you
both notice so you notice that in
quantity has a necklace and you noticed
that he actually has a key hanging on
his neck on a leather foot tall mother
tongue it's like a leather strap around
his neck not a choker the lady leaves so
uh and he when he smiles you noticed
that he's missing most of his teeth my
dad that's just so cute I'm sorry dad so
you're watching yeah so I go to him
respectfully and you know greet him and
whatnot and just oh can I help you small
talk I'd like to buy these spices and
is my professor who I would like to know
dr. Aldridge I would like to teach her
more about you know other cultures
around the world mmm
she is a professor of anthropology and I
was hoping we could learn some African
traditions from you hmm
well I'm quite fascinated in the ancient
cultures particularly in the 12th
century or earlier hmm well I I don't
know much I'm a Salesman I these these
items are brought to us from Africa I
point to the knives I'm like these look
because they're dull probably yes these
are ceremonial interests I mean and you
who you now have both of enough of
experience especially spending time
around eggs at Alexandria these knives
would not be useful for the things you
interesting and the mask what
traditionally I mean I know in various
cultures they all have different symbols
but these particular masks here they
look like they might be representations
of spirits or maybe even deities well so
just like you think that this mask and
he points one this is a devil mask it
would be worn in a ritual by someone who
would take on the aspect of the devil
that we wish to leave our village and
the ritual would send that demon that
devil out this mask this is this is a
chieftains mask very nice very good
quality he'll go on at great length
about you know is there something in
there that stands out that seems like me
leaks
probably like one of those most the with
the ivory animals are definitely some of
the nicer stuff in there there's a you
know like wildebeests and and and
there's a lion that looks very nice hmm
in our research we came across the
symbol with so you're gonna you you have
another drawing symbol from the forehead
yes okay and we're not quite sure where
it's from except it's close to Egypt
both of you can make a psychology role
exactly there's a brief moment of fear
when he sees that symbol the interest in
that he he tries to hide but like you
you notice very briefly because you know
reading people is you know as a con man
that's your like called person calling
woman you you know that's you know
reading people is what you do and so
there's a brief instance of fear that he
can't quite hide just a an involuntary
action isn't I
I'm sorry I do not recognize this symbol
I think you're lying you know would
really really like to buy I beg your
pardon I'm just very curious and
learning about the cultures that I
really really want to know more and you
accuse me of lying let's let's don't be
hasty here I mean come on I believe it
is time for you to leave I think she's a
little tired I'm sorry she offended you
sir we do not mission you we shouldn't
disrespect for you you have bought your
spices please go I'd actually like to
buy something a little more significant
I'm not interested in selling you
anything use very real I'm very
uninterested oh thanks see and this is
why you don't go on field trips very
often
I slowly turn away and start backing up
like I don't actually push barely know I
slowly back take it fuses as you're
leaving
it says Professor Aldridge yes
apologies for my ear I'm a proud man and
anyone would not enjoy being accused of
lying and your name lady Jezebel hmm
well apologies and please I do hope you
will come to the judo house again like
to purchase that lion we are closed but
at another time please so right behind
you he flips the closed sign he knew the
symbol yeah but you pushed too hard do
you gotta use a little more finesse he
can't hit him over the head with a
hammer
hmm let's go let's see if we can meet up
maybe then he he goes running off and
he's like mom mom look in the car be
nice white lady give me money yes I
should probably go before we are before
I bear the brunt of an angry mother yeah
his name is Jimmy yeah nice kid Jimmy
yes
how did think I'm just starting her
owner regulars yeah lady Jezebel but I
think we might have stumbled hit
slightly what happened I was my rude
not rude overly pushy you tend to go
right to the point of things and you
don't kind of like finesse and build it
up are you just gonna I don't like liars
listen this is why I let her talk I'm
not always good at I do talk for a
living so I tried to well you get
shakily names of the new home so you
should probably maybe tomorrow or after
the funeral come back I think we were
really lucky that he didn't completely
tell us to never come back again so what
was it that queued him off was it it was
there something what what impression did
you get cuz I didn't I wasn't a symbol
he was afraid of it which is why I
pushed he was afraid of the symbol who
was afraid of this year it's not
something you push on you have to kind
of like quirks and coax and when you
trust if it's a fear response yes you
have you have to create the environment
for them to talk get them to to relate
to you I thought I thought you are a
professor or not a psychologist you have
to be a slight psychologist with
teaching because you have to get inside
the mind of your students otherwise you
can't reach them but that's beside the
point
he at least let us come back and her not
me you could probably go he's old he
might forget probably not hmm don't you
think it's odd that he closed them right
after what time is it is it noon it's no
it's it's you know 3:00 but it is I mean
it is not closing time for a story and
like the assume he sees that closed like
the little shade went down on the door
you know did the kid leave already
yes yeah Jimmy how hard does English
think you must open badly I just think
that you were really unnerved him and
and slightly offended him well I need to
respect your elders he's a lot older
this is his domain
this is his or at the castle there we go
my lecture lecture has begun like the
Thanks the guy never I'm an orphan I
never had parents and suddenly that is
not all she's saying it goes on for
quite yeah yeah I'm just starting at the
windows and suddenly I'm back at
elocution classes so unless you guys
want to do something in the evening
you know you can have a lovely meal one
of many in New York's Phi or with her
mom maybe at night
want a case okay all right you want to
go are you going alone problem he said
hopefully have you said this in front of
Alexandria that's the question for me I
do well before we part ways I go I'm
going to go back to the shop he invited
me back so I'm going to go you're going
back after most shops are closed I don't
think those shops gonna be closed I mean
it's like 6:00 in the evening
oh you're going back well I mean it's
closed now the shop is closed now I mean
he closed when you left yeah and about
after dinner maybe one evening I want to
go and it looked like it closed at 5:00
like the sign said closed at 5:00 all
right are you planning on trying to get
inside is that your do you kind of want
to see the activity okay people coming
and going if I do sure anybody coming
around the side I'll be back behind it
sure that okay I think he closed
prematurely so are you are you just
gonna like get a cab and like sit in the
cab you're a cab I'm going to get an
expensive car okay you hire a car yeah
hire a car hire car for the evening
make me a hmm gosh what role would you
make here make me a credit rating role
yes I'm for that
65 rating 42 No all right so because you
made the role you're gonna get a great
car but like it's a great car it's gonna
really stay out
you have a chauffeur it's like a it's
like a you know it's not a Rolls but
it's pretty nice and it will stand out
but it's the kind of car you would get
you know that's the kind of like be with
her and look at it and be like professor
I don't know how much you know about
Harlem but anyone looking they had
anyone look a nightdress nice actually
it was a free upgrade I dressed nice I
don't I don't
I gave me the convertible I can I mean
if I have no choice to but to stand out
even though I don't want to then I might
as well go all the way that's where my
socioeconomic status is a burden trust
me I'd love to find some clothes no
should I we're dealing with class and
race issues tonight the X card will come
up then that's a we'll have we'll get a
lesson in the X cards
I'll take offense all right so you park
a lovely not a convertible you can bark
a lovely sedan about I don't know do you
want to be it you want to be able to see
in the courtyard because if you want to
be able to see in the courtyard you're
gonna need to park pretty close and all
parking will be very easy this is the
one place in New York where parking is
easy but if you want to like just see
who's sort of going into the alleyway
then you can park pretty much anywhere
on the block but if you want to see into
the courtyard you're gonna need to park
like right there I don't think I need to
see in the courtyard I just want to see
who's coming and going okay around back
alleys and things like that
okay your driver is gonna like get out
and like smoke on the side of the car
like away from the alley good I know
anything about drivers also talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
about you to all the
I always did actually pull out a 50 ago
thank you so much whoa Wow all right
like I hope you stick around it should
be fun
it's Mike it's my car I'm gonna stick
around good bucks all right yeah that's
great yeah well I guess I won't drink
way for nothing I won't use the flask I
guess so yeah he's like facing away
Mike oh good
because you're gonna need your wit
cigarettes and coffee that's great for
you so like I said he leans against the
back of the cup against the back of the
car facing like you know just sort of
looking around smoking so you guys
none of you went along with this I was
too weird all right I'm not gonna let
her go and do this stupid thing by
herself you stupid stupid person really
mom a little kid might case anything any
little kids come here you've got your
own Baker Street Irregulars coming in
all right be I'm not gonna let her go
into your city you are sitting in the
car like I said we your choice
are you seeing in the courtyard or are
you just seeing who goes in the alley
I'm not really concerned about the
courtyard okay so you're you're you're
about a half block down you can clearly
see anybody going in and out you don't
know what happens once they go in all
right about see that Knight will say
that both of you make me spot hidden
rules yep
just a regular success yeah just a
regular it's okay even after I got 10
points in spot hidden well yeah I guess
I got a real nice image to my spot on
the 30s because let's chop me too
you see a a white man go into the alley
he is he's wearing a suit I mean that's
not it's a it's a you know pretty it
doesn't seem like a very nice suit
make me a psychology role me yeah once
she points this guy out yeah no okay
yeah 65 out of 10 all right yeah he he
seems like a guy he goes in he's there
for about ten minutes and he comes out
and he walks he gets into a car is he
carrying anything no uh-uh no well make
a spot hidden role you can both make a
spot here along this way you know I'd
like to make one role tonight in his
pocket like a very full envelope like I
just got paid money I bet you he's got a
thick envelope check I'll take a look at
that can I see it now that she's blended
it out does it look like something that
I would be familiar with in my second
tribe hmm or or he picked up money for
some reason I payment to some variety
yeah that's undercover okay just keep
tabs I think keep table excuse me I
think that we should probably keep tabs
on him if he's so he's driving off yeah
white guys gonna drive up okay look at
his license plate number yes sure you
can write it down yeah at least try and
figure out who he might be your
brother tells you that by the way than
the license plate number that she gave
you is from a stolen car
of course this that was stolen from
Harlem okay what's the registers owner
of registered
yeah Wes William you know named X as you
as he visibly make something up yeah at
least it's not Dave it's not Dave as
David's not allowed to appear in there
mm-hmm
all right so are you you know down the
box
Brendan eh it's getting late
it's about 11:00 your driver is you know
he beats you gave him 50 bucks he'll you
don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah what do you think
he tops on your window this is I was
gonna go get some coffee do you want me
to get you love some coffee might be a
good idea
sure thank you perhaps like a bagel or
salt oh yeah yeah I'll give you sandwich
sure thank you
I'd say give another hour maybe two at
the outside and then call it for the
night mm-hm thank you Joe midnight the
witching hour a little bit after that
because that's what he gets interesting
and one o'clock I'm gonna
I'm thinking one at the absolute latest
that was good but of course if you're
not feeling up to it we can go sooner
whatever you like I've had later nights
uh you hey squad car pulls up
interesting yeah it like pulls up at the
at the front of the block and two
officers in uniform
follow my lead I pull out my makeup I'm
like here I had too simplistic
let me start laughing did you see you
the way you look evil so you're sitting
in your car right yes oh and the windows
are up and that sort of thing but where
the windows cracked a little okay yeah
so the cops are like walking down the
street sort of not they're not making a
beeline for you okay you know they're
like looking in store windows and that
sort of thing
doing rounds mm-hmm beat cops and your
driver comes they stop your driver and
they talk to him for a minute
and they come back they you see them
turn around with your driver and come
back to your car and one of them taps
the window with his billy club and when
he first does it I jump put down and
make them straighten the hair gently yes
oh good evening miss why are you going
somewhere
not at the moment we were waiting for
their driver to get our coffee you know
sandwiches oh okay well he's yeah he
he said that you just told him to wait
here mm-hmm but do you really really
think that you should consider moving on
this is you know not a great
neighborhood for two lovely young ladies
like yourself you flatter me so much um
I appreciate you being concerned about
our safety we'll we'll be underway soon
can we finish our coffee and sandwiches
you're gonna eat in the car
but of course I'm starving well I
start reaching for them the other driver
will hand them in yeah oh I can't
believe oh my goodness I'm so we got
this thank you well all right ma'am but
you know I mean you should be on your
way
mm-hmm Thank You officer mm-hmm they
they not so not subtly at all far
hanging around great
should probably leave fairly soon sure
what time is it it's about 11:00 I know
hey hey hey Jimmy Oh Vinny sure Vinny
Vinny hey Vinny okay can you take us
like three four blocks down the road why
are the cops interested in you oh no but
can you you don't know can you move down
why are you paying me 50 bucks extra and
the cops know about you I will tell you
that if you start drink no no you're
gonna pay me another 50 bucks I don't
think the cops know me I don't think the
cops you hired this car us Vinny people
don't worry about fifty bucks don't hire
this car why are the cops interested in
you I don't want any trouble
you're weird we stand out in this sort
of neighborhood do you think I don't
want to know why you're here
I don't care about that I just want to
know if I'm in trouble being around you
guys I'm not in trouble am I gonna be in
trouble you shouldn't be you making all
these psycho you stick around it could
be exciting that sort of thing I don't
worry I know I don't like excitement
okay well you see that guy coming out of
the office the back side over there did
you see that guy he walked out of there
was a white guy he just saw just like
there and we're just trying to figure
out who's coming and going into that
place that's all because it's you in her
and weird things about you cops private
investigator hmm well if you crazy lady
we humor all the time all right he will
I just pulled things up totally he will
he will come back around and he's like
look so he comes back around and the cop
car is still there like he drove me he
goes around like four blocks and comes
back and he's like he's like look I'll
drop you off here but I don't want any
trouble at the cops all right just just
keep going don't don't don't worry about
the cops turn if you can turn before I
mean I see them clearly if you can
before yeah he'll colonists you know
he's he's an old hat at avoiding the
police I wonder why maybe this is why we
hired you and the reason why I'm giving
you money is just because we're trying
to make sure that everybody is okay and
that you could be safe and that we could
get out of here we need to sure so
yeah he'll he'll he'll take you back and
drop you off make spot both you make
spot hidden rules nope everything's fine
I think that's probably my favorite
phrase for you after after you used to
make a spy head and rolls so that's
saving throw so do you go back to your
hotel or do you go back to her house
where does Benny drop you off depends I
don't know do you invite me up no I have
a reasonably comfortable sofa if you
need somewhere to be tonight let's do
that and it is fairly late don't until
Vinnie and I'd like to hire you again to
drive here yeah he'll give you his
number you can you know you can call
just ask for Vinnie perfect all right
um so it's it's about midnight mm-hm
everything's fine call you guys is it
possible to call them well we've
established you have a phone yeah I
don't know if your mom's gonna like
getting a call at midnight nobody the
phone just keeps ringing for like what
but I do have a phone I think yeah yeah
it seems like something I would have and
you're staying at a hotel so they can
call the hotel mm-hmm
and I like put tea on while you're
making calls mm-hmm
so the funeral is that one a one o'clock
tomorrow whoo wolf sleeping in all right
so you call the phone rings for about
three minutes at midnight and like you
know yeah like your family does the
[Laughter]
you stumble downstairs there's a full
argument on who's gonna get the fella
before somebody gets and it's yeah the
professor Aldridge mmm-hmm just wanted
to let you know there are some weird
activity in the juju house okay
and I know it's late but I just wanted
to tell you we forget are you drunk
slightly okay not yet working on it give
us time there's some good scotch here
besides that but I just wanted to tell
you before I forgot is this life or
death yeah okay then can it wait till
tomorrow
no no because I'm gonna forget and spit
it out all right there's a white guy you
got paid a lot of money then the cops
came and kicked us out all right Walsh I
was wrong there's a knock on your door
income do I have a people make a luck
roll oh great tell people yes yes I do
peer through to see if I can see who
do they cover it or not I mean you see
two police officers hey professor yeah
there's cops oh great
I get off the phone I am - I'm standing
I go I don't know what that's all about
I've been like great click back in bed
sorry mom shut the light off I why are
they at my door do you want me to be
here should I head in the bathroom go be
in the bathroom for the moment I'll
answer the door hey
in the bath you're gonna wake her turn
on the shower there good there you go
quickly
I like wait for the noises from the
bathroom and then open the door evening
ma'am where were you where were you on
the afternoon where were you yesterday
afternoon here
does the name Jackson Elias mean
anything to you yes why I'm officer
Carruthers
this is officer McGillicuddy could we
come in please can you tell me why
you're here at midnight asking me about
someone that I haven't seen in over five
years this is a police investigation
ma'am yes and I don't have to let you in
unless you tell me what's going on
unless you have a warrant sir I'm
constitutional amendment unlawful search
and seizure alexandria would know why
people would be able to come into our
house I was merely asking politely ma'am
if I could come in and I'm asking
politely why you would want to come in
ask him questions at midnight about
someone I haven't seen in over five
years this is an emergent police
discussion do you know do you know
anyone named Emma Navarro
[Laughter]
yes what did she do now what has she
done previously ma'am she's an
interesting character why do you ask
it's a very evasive answer ma'am I'm
very tired you're at my door at midnight
why are you tired ma'am what are you
doing today it's midnight where were you
this evening I have a life sir
again that's a very evasive answer ma'am
you're asking me very strange questions
sir I turned off the bathroom
I'm a policeman ma'am no question I ask
is strange again this is an ongoing
investigation and I'd appreciate it
ma'am I'm being polite so I come out
with a towel only on and my hair wet
what's going on ma'am would you please
get dressed
Octavia darling oh my Octavia darling
give us give us a moment if you would
not your name ma'am
dr. Octavia old Ridge hmm what are you
doing go get dressed ma'am aye sir I
tried to okay where were you this
evening I don't think I actually have to
answer any of your questions sir unless
unless you tell me what's going on I can
do you want to go down to the station
I'd rather not it's midnight I'm quite
tired if you answer my questions you
my my friend and I we're looking at an
art exhibit in Harlem earlier this
evening and what is your relation to
Jackson alight to mr. Elias he's an old
friend
very old friend when's the last time you
saw mr. Elias five years ago when's the
last time mrs. Aldrich saw miss hmm miss
Aldrich beg pardon I don't know I
haven't asked her it's been a long time
since I've seen mr. Elias it's not a I
don't know hmm
and have you ever been to Peru ma'am
that's a little out of your bailiwick
isn't it
we have information about this
investigation that I'm merely following
up on and I might visibly pale I'm
dressed right mostly like just a blouse
and a skirt come out what is all this
it's a police investigation ma'am
regarding regarding the murder of
Jackson Elias oh good that should be
good oh good yes he's a friend of ours
when's the last time you saw mr. Elias
alive or dead Oh Lord why would you
phrase the question that like the
McGillicuddy like starts to look I look
at him I'm like sir you do know he's
already dead his his obituaries lady
this is a murder investigation
yes I know he's dead look you two need
to stop being funny with the police
sir could you stop screaming my
neighbors are trying to sleep it's my
could give a crap about your neighbors
is this a police investigation and you
too sir
why do I know he's been murdered
look mr. Elias was the last time I saw
him he was dead that's all you had to
say why is why I was asking do you want
to know the last time I saw him alive or
dead the last time I saw him he was dead
okay ma'am friend I'll ask the questions
you'll answer the questions right but I
needed to clarify did you want to know
last time I saw him when he was alive
Octavia
that's very different dice ma'am last
time I please come I'd be fine five
years with lamb I saw him please come
with me and we stop talking I know my
rights
I know I'm a policeman come with me why
you are resisting a police investigation
no come with me you're being mean that
is my job ma'am we know you're here to
serve and protect the people right now
you're sure read the badge come with me
I told her I'm not going anywhere I'm
sorry what was your name again officer
yes
damn no McGillicuddy was the other one
captain no no fudge paws I don't Mathias
I'm officer Mathis Mathis hold up I'm
gonna write that down
officer Mathis none of us are here to be
intended to be competitive we are here
to try and end it
Jackson Elias was our friend and well
you haven't seen him in five years you
said yes but it that doesn't mean the
friendship was any less valuable yeah we
would send postcards Christmas I have I
have a telegram on my table that was
from him we kept in touch so I I
understand this is a traumatic
experience this is a horrible thing that
has happened that be I'm doing my job
that being said you were we are more
than willing to help you open call that
has not been the case we are more of
those are no questions you're asking me
more questions that I'm asking you lady
I asked one I know how many have you
guys u.s. seven sub questions to that
question we are more than willing to
help but we would prefer not to be
screamed at at midnight please all right
that was that was rough I'm it you got
on my skin look can we just come in
please come in sit down all right would
you like some tea that would be lovely
all right so you step out of the room
and I'm
I put the kettle on okay so I'm very
sorry about that ma'am
and I'm very sorry about this and all of
the sudden Malthus splits apart in front
of the page and where Malthus was
McGillicuddy likes staggers back
shrieking do I come back into the room
here this tree can you're about to where
Malthus was is a very familiar parent
and I think that's where we're gonna end
it we will end with McGillicuddy like on
his back
she's like backing away he's screaming
he's gonna make a sanity roll he fails
his sanity rules just like Sheree
reaming you're gonna make a sanity roll
I haven't come back in yes I don't even
make mine yet 40 yes I make it all right
you're gonna lose you've seen the monkey
parents before yeah and it dropped her
off of a veranda so so you're gonna lose
to sanity from bad memories and that's
gonna do it for quests and cthulhu for
this time holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
you shouldn't have let them fall oh I
shouldn't have let them come in the
goddamn door
that was is the same cops that were
talking to us early it was not it's not
it's not the same Congress but someone
followed us back yeah somebody fall yeah
you are you are marked let's just say
that when somebody like so when someone
says your name like again to like
remember what your name is you're you're
probably in trouble
mm Tara the voice actress has made a
very poor decision so we're gonna start
up next time with initiatives the old
school way yeah whoo take that D and D
and you know five and spread the good
news is he does wear it
we're at five yeah I think yeah yeah cuz
I don't know how we go I don't remember
women cutoff is so so when all the other
screams it's four yeah all right so
one's gonna go in each anomaly
in the box what's in the box there we go
one goes into the please we have no
light the other one the other one in the
books look at this I've never opened
this thing Oh
the Mardi Gras ooh look at these are
there two of them these are the fancy
coin trick so if you're on YouTube don't
forget there's a button somewhere down
here that says subscribe if you
subscribe you automatically pass a
sanity check
yes handy for us and we will see you
next time thanks a lot
[Music]
