Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends and welcome to
quests and Cthulhu
we're playing Call of Cthulhu tonight on
quests and chaos very exciting thanks so
much for joining us a couple quick
announcements that I'm going to make
very fast we have an awesome libres
Arcana dice set here is going to taint
[Laughter]
it's good no it's gonna be good for Dan
because all it does is roll hi oh there
you go there you go so Amy will be
giving those dice her singular malaise
their damage the mess for a giveaway and
you can always go to the libre start
kind of website and get 20% off of dice
like that those things are really yeah
they're already there like almost like
cats eyed marbles or something it's like
three three tone color I like it a lot
but you can get 20% off if you use the
code chaos at checkout that's awesome we
also are gonna have a giveaway at eight
hundred followers we're gonna give away
another one of those Nord games decks I
[Laughter]
guys are you following yet so at 800 we
will be giving away one of those Nord
games deck I still want them to make a
Cthulhu deck they could do it we should
make one I know we did make one okay
I'll see you actually make some that are
pretty good I'll maybe I'll bring one in
and we can we can do next week we're
doing a Cthulhu themed giveaway so so
you might as well go and just come back
next week really is right now everything
will be fine last but not least it is
four days left four days
sure four days left in our Kickstarter
yeah
it's April 1st that is not a joke it's
not April Fool that's when our
Kickstarter ends so pretty soon you're
gonna get that you've got 48 hours left
to back and look at this new stretch
goal it's a beer stein oh nice which by
the way was full of liquid I
so now I am full of liquid and but it's
got pee it's got all the Kaos agents on
there you know because that's the only
game we play here they they they've got
all the cool art this is this is one of
the new stretch goals super exciting
we've still got the pins all sorts of
neat easy t-shirts are super awesome
that's the level I back debt because you
know I'm I was happy to see that one of
the t-shirts wasn't black what is it
with geeks and black t-shirts I don't
get it matches everything
slimming well I should wear like four of
them I last announcement I want to make
that's that's all the the camp quests
and cast announcement I want to talk
about a quick game thing and it's it's
something that I use as a GM mainly at
con games but it's a great it's a great
habit to get into if you're going to GM
and that is something called the X card
and the X card is just it sits on the
table everybody knows it's there and as
you're playing especially when you're
playing with people you don't know or
people that you're not sure where the
boundaries are and that sort of thing
the X card is a way that anybody in the
game can just say I'm uncomfortable with
something that's happening whether it's
you know your NPCs your PCs are hitting
on you as an NPC and you're
uncomfortable that I can X card it or if
somebody's got a thing the example I
always use is there was a person who had
a real problem with lizards and the game
something started lizards showed up and
the person went guys I don't really like
lizards and everything huh that's really
funny but she was really disturbed by it
they were they were they were
uncomfortable with it and if the X card
had been there she could have just said
hey I don't like lizards X card and as
the GM we're gonna end that scene
immediately but it's gonna fade to black
we're gonna do some narration to finish
the scene and then we're just gonna pick
it right back up so this is always going
to be on the table it is always
available to all of you you don't have
to know there's no explanation there's
no judgment there's no nothing you don't
have to tell us why it doesn't matter
why all that matters is that everybody
at this table should feel comfortable
and should feel welcome at this table
because everybody belongs at this table
so the X card is going to be part of
every game that we that of Cthulhu that
we play with horror games especially
when you want to do you know you want to
do some of the things that could be
scary but you don't know some people
have triggers with things and so always
better to give the players a vehicle to
express their discomfort that isn't
putting the onus on them because it
shouldn't be on them so the X card use
it love it it is the one thing by the
way I take it super seriously I think
it's really important it's the one thing
that that I just I don't joke about I
think the X part is super serious you
know it's it's not something that it's
not a gimmick it's nothing like that
it's something to make all the players
feel comfortable so so yeah now that
that's out of the way we our last
episode our intrepid band did not make
it to the funeral Jackson Elias yes
despite that being the name of the
episode titles are gonna be like
wherever they end up so you you
started out with some flashbacks of me
you met you met the dark Pharaoh in his
otherworldly lair he gave you some
warnings and some visions and then you
cleaned you cleaned out Jackson elias's
room of clues you found a number of
clues some of which weren't confiscated
by the police
you found connections to the pingu
foundation edward Gavigan who was part
of the Carlisle expedition you found a
letter that Jackson Jackson Elias had
received from Harvard about a book that
he'd been wanting to check out you found
a mysterious picture of a of a ship and
somebody I don't remember who made it
made a great role and figured out that
that was in the harbor of Shanghai that
picture was in the harbor of Shang it
was ah spells yes Shanghai right away
and you found a matchbook from a bar in
Shanghai as well that was cool it's
gonna be our tattoo
because I rolled a one that's right
that's right y'all go and get tattoos
together and then I'm down you also had
a guy Tiger comes another you had a
number of press clippings about the
Carlile expedition and about the members
of the expedition about the fact the
expedition was massacred in Africa all
sorts of fun information there and at
some point you all sort of you really
feel like you know you need to do a a
sort of a clue you know we need the
Beautiful Mind it and have the board the
next thing is you got it then you made a
visit to the juju house a an African
Emporium in Harlem and Amy had a
heartwarming that started heartwarming
got weird and they got Ritter but she's
now got a sari she's now got a little
buddies on Halloween Jimmy who's
watching the juju house for her root
beer barrels or he's not you know
something something awful to well you
know now that I know where you live and
you also met Silas in Kuan a the the
proprietor of the juju house whoo whoo
bells noticed was he he recognized the
symbol from Jackson a lion that had been
carved in Jackson elias's for him he
said he didn't recognize it but my into
my face and we learned that bells
doesn't like liars
yeah well and I don't know manners
apparently and so you were asked
politely to leave and and you you staked
out the juju house that night and you
saw you saw somebody walking away from
the juju head walking away from there
with a pocketful of cash you've now
since connected the dots and figured out
that it's probably corrupt police
officers given that one of them just
exploded in your room well and she wants
to be a pretty good clue yes you met a
few other people you met lieutenant pool
at the crime scene of Jackson elias's
body and he seemed like a cop who was on
up-and-up and who really cared and he
actually he suggested he told you some
stuff about the investigations that gone
on and about the the gentlemen Hilton
Adams who was in prison for the murders
who you clearly know it was probably not
involved because you know murders are
happening while he's in prison and I
think those are the main people you've
met in the course of things
captain Robson is probably Shady yes
you've heard about captain Robson who is
the captain of the Harlem NYPD
Globetrotters but not the captain oh no
not II was about worrying the 20s
there's still no white guys on the hood
Globetrotters that's a but he he is the
captain of the NY of the Harlem station
and he is the guy who put Hilton Adams
in prison and the yeah and you were
visited by a couple of Harlem police
officers when you were trying to stay
style of trotters cannot very well you
will be the Globetrotters soon in that
you will be trotting the globe
that's like basketballs not know I don't
like no sue me we all survive I think
we're in the 20s basketball is just
getting started chess family yeah I
think like Naismith invented it in like
19 and 14 or 18 sometimes the fact that
you remember the NIA person who did it
is impressive and isn't broadcasting
just starting to like video stuff yeah
that was until like 30 something that
broadcast
really yeah like sports and stuff like
that yes it was possible even so but
more importantly yeah wait and then we
also found out that the car that Jackson
was the getaway car from Jackson Elias
was a stolen car and it had a connection
where it was stolen within like five
blocks of sais quoi knees right your
house that that yeah and we ended all
right we ended our thing with first an
emotional scene trying to bring
Alexandra back into the fold after all
of the
all of the indignation 'he's physical
mental and otherwise that she had
suffered over the course of five years
and trying to bring her back in the fold
you all received invitations to the
funeral of jackson elias which will be
happening tomorrow it is the night of
January 16th the funeral will be the
17th and you heard you were on the phone
with Emma and I was not thrilled about
those yeah I like sleeping and you were
on the phone and two police officers
rang Brian your bell and then one of
them got his bell rang and turned into a
very familiar-looking mangy blood parrot
that is bursting out of the body of
officer Mathis his partner officer
McGillicuddy was clearly not prepared
for this and is backing away like in
terror fare he failed his sanity role
and that's where we start so we're gonna
start over on this side of the table and
it's going to be initiatives but first
of three kingdoms has told us a story of
inspiration hey thank you
of Three Kingdoms I haven't said your
name before so thanks a lot that's
awesome we've got a call to inspiration
oh I wrote down how many we had last
time I have like four yeah I think we
had four so the most we've had just yeah
put those all in six to ruin while
because I've just decided to live with
my failures I think we need one more
because we have five in front of us
go ahead yeah yeah one two three over
there I am entirely too old to be using
mood that's that's more of a 10 years
grandchildren basically which is why I
like using it it's too bad I look my age
it corrupts it for the youth so we're
gonna go initiatives an initiatives in
Call of Cthulhu are just your Dex do
either of you beat a 79 no okay
so this round horrible parent thing is
just bursting forth from the head of
Professor Matt of a professor of officer
Mathis his body almost like an empty
sack is just like kind of sliding down
off this thing
so I was in the kitchen when all this
was happening because I was putting the
kettle on
so you hear just this awful squawk that
was for fun and you hear you hear a male
voice going so that's a 79 on a 68 do
either of you have a 68 I have a 75 then
your next cool hearing this I'm going to
like grab for one of the knives that I
keep in the kitchen because I do not
those kind of cooking not for cooking at
all come out one of the knives and come
out of the kitchen to see what in the
name of God is going on right make me a
sandwich
yep that doesn't look good
uh no it's not good I missed it you lose
three points of sanity come on you are
faced with a unfortunately familiar
sight a I've never seen this because
this then your brains just looks for
analogies from nothing because that's
the only way it can come to terms with
this beast that should not be mm-hmm it
looks like a mangy parrot that is
covered in blood
that is sort of dried and it's I
our human its eyes are intelligent and
it is on the list of the worst things
you've ever seen a rapidly expanding
list that list gets longer let's have
him around these guys yeah so so what
are you doing hmm I think that I'm
that that reaction has Alexandria I'm
gonna like back up a step and just be
like what yeah what what what what what
I know is fair and like still clinging
to it a bit to the dagger because this
is the thing that I understand it I
don't understand what this is okay and
I'm not gonna take an action this turn
okay on a 68 McGillicuddy is gonna try
and get his stuff together all right
he will as he's back he's like staggered
backwards and he's like under a dress a
desk now he's like cowering under a desk
but he he seems like now he feels like
he's in some protections so he's drawing
it's about I think it was like 11 when
this started so it's many all 11:30 was
pretty low so this thing's making all
sorts of noise as it's making that
horrible squawk and you know it's a as
it emerges from its its Malthus cocoon
it's like the weight of it as it's like
you know parrots feet are kind of curved
in talons and this thing's feet are flat
and they just slap on the ground of your
of your third-floor apartment
yeah you you you like the floor just
vibrates when this thing steps on it
mhmmm professor before I do anything as
this thing how close am I in proximity
to this big apartment yeah it's not a
big apartment I'm gonna put you your
about for me to you okay
you're closer than you really want to be
sounds like five total it is who have no
technically you guys are like you're a
box
I had a Brady Bunch which way do we have
to look so what's right around me to
like my apartment is there like tables
your lamp is there oh oh she's their
chairs what's hmm how prevalent more
personal radios at this point they were
there yeah yeah you have a it's probably
there's this little side table with a
radio you might you probably also have a
phonograph yes you want to set your
music when you want to listen to it yes
although wait here's a question do you
listen to music anymore
yes but not what what I used to sing
mm-hmm I listen I listen instrumental I
don't listen to offers at all ever
but I do listen to other instrumental
music jazz is becoming a thing okay
so I'm kind of like so there isn't
really anything in between
not really so there might be something
off to this side like Versailles couch
with like a little a little front table
and a side table with with it with a
phonograph okay so what I'm going to try
to do is to kind of like sidestep and
put the couch between me and and him
totally and pull out my gun from
underneath my jacket all right there you
go fire so you I'm gonna say that moving
around the edge of the couch and pulling
out your gun or your turn okay okay all
right back to the parrot has been usual
the parrot is it's ignoring McGillicuddy
um it seems a hyper-focused on both of
you all right both you make me luck
did I see here comes lucky yep okay all
right that's going after you
all right hard success you don't have to
be you didn't call you need it with guys
to success to get her you found me so
I'm history I missed it by four that's
the hilarious part you could manage
can't spend luck gonna let roll good
inspiration it's going to tack one of us
and I get
and I'm more worried about you taking
that than than I am so the parrot as it
emerges from the thing
it's the tips of its wings are barbed
talons and so it comes sweeping towards
you with its wings but it if you've ever
seen a bird like in a small room like it
doesn't feel comfortable flying which
doesn't know and so it just bulls
forward and it's just trying to cut you
with its wings it rolls pretty well I
would suggest a dodge roll you're gonna
need a good success here and extra dodge
dodge ha I rode the three was a extreme
and that is what you needed this thing
comes towards you and it just like
slices for it and you duck and you're
your kid the little you have your
kitchen like a swinging door yeah and it
just splinters okay from this thing
shattering into it and I'm gonna it will
know it rolled really well it's not
gonna get it disadvantaged I next time
so you're next all right so I have
dropped when it went eyes when I saw
this thing coming after me and I'm gonna
forward roll and getting it behind it
and be like I don't know what you are
but you are in my house are you rolling
under it I'm so it something someone try
and go around if it was sweeping forward
with its wings I want to roll under that
okay okay um
I'm gonna make you an offer all right
you can complete that maneuver just fine
okay and and that'll be your turn mm-hmm
or you can make a dex roll and come up
and you can get an attack this round
Oh tasty I mean you can't inspire any of
that you yeah you crazy
learn inspire or look it so I'll take
the Dex roll okay yep I totally made up
all right so you can take a swipe at it
with your knife excellent and Shou ninja
yes 33 out of out of 55 all right roll
your damage
I think it's the D 64-54 what's your
damage bonus yes so five all right and
you feel like mmm actually no you feel
like that wouldn't you like you stab
into it and it lets out wrong
but it's still and when you stab it
weird blue liquid comes out of it okay
and I have like a quick little flashback
yeah back back to the kind of serie
different color but I'm like well submit
yes but but this this is more blood like
because the car serie it was like a
trickle like not as much you know
nothing came like something you felt
like something should have come out and
it didn't and this is an appropriate
amount for blood it's just that it's
blue and kind of viscous okay alright
McGillicuddy
McGee look that he's just gonna shoot
and hope that he doesn't he makes are
larger issues than you know friendly
fire right now he's gonna shoot it so he
oh that's pretty good hit he does six
points of damage so he from under the
desk he just like pulls out a 38 and
goes blam and hits it in one of the
wings as it it leaned for it so it's
like the back of its wing okay I'm gets
hit and and tears some of the the
fibrous feathery stuff there and more
more blue go splattering across your
kitchen no lovely job you've got a good
shot here I can I aim for its head like
can I walk up and sure so you can if you
want to make a name shot if you get a
heart success so if you get half your
gunshots kill and I will give you extra
damage okay so that's that's how we'll
do a name shot go ahead that looks good
it looks real good
you're gonna do mamas so you just walk
right up but it flashes you just walk
right up under it and put your done here
hmm and go blam and you're gonna do
double damage so roll your damage twice
all right so that's for my 38 to do 10
so that's 9 to roll of damage die again
and so you twelve points of damage
yep that's a three right yep okay twelve
points of damage
it makes its Khan roll there's a rule if
you take more than half your hit points
you have to make a conrol or you pass
out from ah various bad things and
usually monsters won't care about that
but sometimes they will but you have
done you've dealt this thing a grievous
blow like again your butt your your head
your mind is saying pair it because it
wants to try and understand what this
thing is but it doesn't have a beak so
much as it has just this MA that hatched
like sharp teeth shark teeth fall in it
and you just come up under it and you
pull the trigger and everyone in the
room is deafened and you like the bottom
of its throat the bottom of its head is
just kind of like shooting out and these
these sharp teeth are just embedding in
the walls thank you and I'm like keep
killing it and those two pins on your
kid depends on your phrasing and have
that the back to the parrot yeah who
is now pretty seriously her dad I'm a
parent is not in a happy way it's gonna
take a swipe at you course man poor
parrot it's gonna go down like that it
like you know in a blind sort of pain
stumble it tries to swipe you away with
a wing but it's super it's just not
coordinates
well it's taste yeah it is it is
bleeding to death you know and so it's
just like
staggering around at this point the
that's the parrot
it's you all right I'm let me see so
it's sort of just flailing around trying
to figure out which way is up at this
point yes yes it seems like it is it is
pre death throes excellent I'm gonna
take another swipe out of it all right
thirty-two out of 55 I made up all right
roll your damage three okay you you stab
into it and your knife finds home and
yeah it's it's continuing make me both
of you make me luck rules nope nope
all right you are both now covered in
blue liquid yeah so the so yeah there's
just this warm sticky viscous blue
liquid that is fairly all over you and
you just got out of the bath good news
my favorite Cobra villainous come
through once again
what's the come on so my challenge veil
actually out of GI Joe villain so now I
have to go there's only like six of them
okay there's only like six GI Joe
villains so now we have to go to GI Joe
themselves and we taught you know we've
already done all the silly ones like
sergeant slaughter in the fridge but
they had some useless guys there was
there was a guy beachhead what is their
what GI Joe thought a Marine was was
like a bald guy wearing a much too small
hat it kind of looks like if you were
here are fans of it's like oughta be
sees hat it was let's just say that
beach head was a gay icon and didn't
realize okay Thomas I say this is a
Davis love and appreciation you nerd
very first I thought you had all the
Care is great than the figurines to
Michael Dunn major blood had a robot arm
his robot arm didn't Bend like worst
action figure oh my god please so here's
just my character wants one doesn't work
let's I can control
[Laughter]
star wars game got a half of the oil
yeah that's your GI Joe moment yeah
sweet whoops
this is Wicky GI Jun I'm going to bet
you he didn't have to for that most of
those were vehicles I'm not gonna
mention the vehicles that's that's far
down the list
villains muscle kit or awesome you know
the ninja who wore white oh yeah you
know it well if you're in the snow it's
the snow all right so you're covered in
the goo you just went McGillicuddy's
gonna fire away pew pew virally both of
you make me luck rolls oh no nope mister
how much did you miss it by 30-something
all right no it's funny that's what it
was my original but we've been losing
looks right yeah you get shot in the arm
for four points of damage grazer like a
full on it's a graze the puppet is not
in your arm
okay so it doesn't get infected
well thank you professor Hale that with
our bomber yeah we're gonna which arm
you failed it by 30 and your your knife
arm passed all right I'll see you're
kind of like you still held on to your
knife yes so I'm gonna continue like if
I can like point Blake this damn sure
again I'll give you if you make a hard
success you'll do extra damage I mean no
but I didn't he didn't fumble okay yeah
you it this thing's moving around a lot
it's staggering
almost
kamli and it's hard to like you know mm
that you could predict horrible dinosaur
parrots you know flames miss it's even
harder than normal to predict so you
just fire a shot off alright we're back
to the parrot my neighbors are all awake
at this point yeah y-yeah well some of
them in three four shots there have been
four gunshots yes no there are a lot of
nanos squawking and so at this point the
parrot will make a strength rule oh
alright on the plus side you have a
new balcony a new paintjob
new day coy with the the horrible the
horrible beasts exit just like
lurches forward into the wall smashes
into the wall and through the wall and
takes flight both of you make me spot
hidden roles notably made it okay so you
notice or aura reminded like you you
like watch it fly out and then you look
down and you see the sort of deflated
corpse of Malthus sitting on the on the
like flunked on the sofa and it's it's
not it's it's it's literally like a
costume at this point it's completely
empty right but it's also a tough
explanation are either of you gonna do
anything about the parrot flying away
you know like fire fire and randomly
into the New York night it's New Years
we're near Harlem
yeah New York or Fairbanks Alaska all
right make me a gun fire roll you can
McGillicuddy we'll all right I fumbled
that was a 98 Oh
I must've slipped in the bunny now go
I'm gonna make you an offer
no you can have something awful happen
to you mm or you can have something
awful happen to another person myself
all right
it was my bump so you're not gonna just
shoot into an apartment then I'm gonna
slip and shoot my own foot probably
you're going so so you come running
forward into what is now an open a large
picture window and make me a decks role
as there's a puddle of goo all right oh
I made that all right I show Amy in a
you don't go falling theater we played
the last time you met this thing you
start a like fall out of a more than one
story building but you at the last
minute you grab onto a drape and you are
like hanging over the edge hole you're
you're like leaning out over the third
floor of you know Melrose Avenue in New
York and you're acutely aware of like
your grip on this thing is all that's
keeping you from falling splatting all
right I'm gonna drop and him drop the
dagger come and try to grab her with my
other arm okay when you all her about
you when she runs forward McGillicutty
like what snaps him out of this mm-hmm
of the panic that he was in is shooting
you like he's like oh god I'm so I'm so
oh god I'm so sorry
you know and he like starts to like try
all right and okay so you get hurt
you get her back in that I'm much more
concerned about your falling three
stories yes but I am about my arm
bleeding her back in and McGillicuddy is
just like slumped on the floor just like
staring at the mathis puddle shoot it
Samantha's puddle is not moving no they
McGillicuddy's done and the bird is out
of sight now
yeah the bird is gone of course darn
alright so is he doing first date on my
arm or am i okay he'll do first aid you
get oh you get three points back yay
thank you
well you know he did it so somewhat
response yeah yeah so does that make his
first date Martin more effective yes I
had I've seen one I've seen one do this
before
what do what you have where of course of
course it was Peru Peru yep who the hell
are you people what happened your
partner I've known Italy for 20 years
you might want to sit down sir there's
some weird things going on and I can
explain a little bit of it but not very
much of it then I'm gonna call Emma
that's a good idea
that's very good idea first of all sleep
I'm sorry continue you hear police
sirens many police sirens and
McGillicuddy is it's a long story so
your partner is not your partner
obviously he was possessed by that
monster that you saw flying out of here
what wha that's all I know there's these
things they apparently inhabit human
beings Wow he just critically made his
sanity roll so like you're a girl
saying let's surf and he just like kind
of he just goes he like you see you
see like the the mania sort of leave his
eyes and he like immediately becomes
policeman he goes into cop mode yeah and
he's just like alright this is a crime
scene
mm-hmm you don't have to tell me twice
[Laughter]
and we're covered in this stuff look
whatever happened here all I know is
Billy told me that we got orders from
the captain to come and just give you
were talking to and he told me to to
just back him up and you know I'm late
Billy I'm gonna back him up you know but
captain who I Captain Robson ah crap my
notebook write it down you've already
heard that name he's the captain in the
Globetrotters play center suddenly hear
Sweet Georgia Brown and but I mean how
do we explain this that's a good
question I got to talk to his wife I
think probably the best explanation is
to not try explaining it in whole
because if you do you will probably be
locked up in bedlam or the nearest
equivalent as well all of us because it
sounds as insane as it actually is it's
a little odd to me that you came here at
such an hour for an investigation and he
wasn't they weren't investigating we
were supposed to lean on you guys a
little that's all University I mean
we've done that a lot you know it's
already had our statement from before I
understand well what do you think now
what are you gonna tell your captain now
I mean look at what's happened your
friends are coming here soon we're going
to explain goo and hole-in-the-wall it
was an explosion chemical thing well I
mean what are we gonna say look I'm
gonna
I owe you both a lot you you got rid of
that thing I may have shot you which
direction that bullet came sir I'm gonna
do what I can to try and keep the
attention off of you guys still waiting
forever to come to the phone we're gonna
do this all right yeah I was like
whatever you guys are done on so yeah
yeah hey what's up okay now seriously
better be good parent shark thing
ring a bell yeah it was here in my
apartment it's gone now and I have a new
veranda door don't forget to mention the
blue goo everywhere yes it bleeds it
bleeds blue and it was inhabiting the
body of an oven off of a police officer
this is all just this is this is crazy
yes okay to be alive wait a minute so
start again all right so so what so okay
Mia in in essence we return to it to
my apartment after the stakeout she
called you and very right after we hung
up the police showed up at my door okay
it was actually so far McGillicutty and
Mathis correct yeah they they showed up
at my door they were very insistent that
they come in and talk to us to them to
the point where I was afraid son there
was going to be violence done finally
let them in and Mathis apparently turned
into that thing I'm not quite sure what
happened I was in the kitchen
but it it looks if I had dates if I had
to give a description the the body of
Mathis looks kind of like a banana peel
after the bananas not there and you've
got it and just tell there like it
wasn't Peru
okay apparently it's like it was in Peru
okay hang on well I'm put
god no went blank I was like what's your
name put checks and no put Jax lies on
the phone do you want Octavia yeah could
you hear who so was what's his name
there Bob Johnson or Bob Bob Smith
what's his name what was his name Bob
Smith his name was Bob Smith I swear to
God know if this is the guy who told us
to leave Peru or whatever Oh Oh the the
guy who fell out the window yeah he was
not nothing but wasn't didn't he
register at the hotels Bob Smith yes
yeah okay okay so he isn't just the car
he wasn't there and these are two people
they've never seen before
never seen before they won't even the
same cops that we that's knocked on our
window earlier but I'm pretty sure the
guy we saw coming out of the JooJoo
house was a cop being paid off okay and
the captain is what order to put
pressure I just talked to Malthus about
this they're not Malthus McGillicutty
about it okay McGillicuddy's clearly
said that the captain instructed the two
of them to put pressure on us even
though they already had our statement so
they've known they are asking questions
about Peru okay so why did you open the
door people let me give you exactly what
okay we're getting it locks for your
doors we're going to get me a new door
and fix that fix this wall because
that's a door that I can't close at this
point okay so then what story have you
guys come up with so when the police
when the real police actually show up
they are minutes away thank you he's
like hey thinking a chemical explosion
octavia what I was thinking something
along the lines of a chemical explosion
- what deflated a man strange things
happen in is multi chemical eruptions I
suppose we can move his body to the
kitchen because that's where most of the
blue blood is okay Ament all right do
you need me to come over most of the
do you come over and clean up what I'm
gonna do here bring a couple buckets
well you you know you know police
officers yes then you at least know how
to speak to them I get my brother
yeah pretty rudely and there's a lot of
yelling and fighting over the bread in
every line of work that I have ever done
I have had as little contact with the
police as I can possibly have reminder
that my demeanor with whom just doesn't
work okay let me put some clothes on at
this point I would just I don't know I
mean just be as semi honest as possible
without giving up too much information
I mean be honest but don't volunteer
anything we could get your story
straight repeated a couple times don't
change this story stick to the same
story know it backwards and forwards
I'll be there in a minute
[Laughter]
your brother is on duty tonight yeah so
you could like you know you could call
in bring him up and like okay and just
find out he'll be there you know if you
want something he'll be there okay I
don't know we do need to decide what our
story is a chemical explosion works or
having because he's he's quite dead
mm-hm and is body mean NC yeah here from
the street you hear a voice coke uh
everything okay up there I go I like go
and lean over to look there's a there's
a police officer say like looking up see
standing on the pile of rubble ma'am
it's I don't want to show
I heard let me do it it's a chemical
explosion yes we could use your help
thank you
alright he's gonna he's gonna start when
you say came up with lotion he goes to
the cup police call box on the corner
and he starts talking on that and you
hear the sirens getting much closer you
think that there are very close to being
here alright so we're going with so I
step back in the end of the room and
look he's guys gonna keep basically if
people are coming out he's gonna be like
tell them to go back in and you know try
and control the crowds and that sort of
thing alright is the cops still down
there kind of coming that's what okay
alright so chemical explosion is our is
our best bet
my arm is reasonably okay and I can hide
it under a jacket so so it's a how is
that a chemical explosion it's blue you
have any other explanation it's blue the
goop the blood yes sure but they don't
know that you got a better idea
something something that accounts for a
dead police officer body and a very
large hole and I imagine the neighbors
are going to report gunshots we can pass
that off as part of the explosion if we
need to we blame this on the cult not
cult yeah we blame on the murders this
this Adams got a cult
isn't he in jail yeah but he's probably
got accomplices oh he does but and they
attacked you and you called the police
yes and officer Mathis and I responded
mm-hmm and Matthew officer Mathis was
killed in the line of duty his wife will
get a pension and that's gonna be the
end of it if you can help us sell that
story it seems reasonable enough both of
you do either of you have a law any law
skill no I will want to get there
I'm a little bit if I have law you can
make a roll I have literally the the
base minimum yeah shot bumbling fumbling
won't matter in this case okay no um
okay who is it good so there's
there's I mean yeah that seems like you
know the best plan that has been put
forth that doesn't end all coming
together in five minutes
mmm-hmm alright so cultists burst in
attacked us no no let's not say Cultus
alright let's say strange man there was
a gang members it's a gang all right and
wouldn't it make more sense that we
don't know who it is
a strange man came in and attacked us
sure if you want to attach it to being
that guy maybe you had a tattoo or
something and that's how you figure out
that it's a game but we wouldn't know
that necessarily well I just if we
connect it to that Adams character then
the captain doesn't ask as many
questions
ah yes I'm keeping the captain from
asking questions it seems a valuable
life mm-hmm alright now both of you make
an intelligence roll this is much
happier for me critical to alright
you're both sure that this plan involves
further framing an innocent man uh-huh
which you know I mean expediency has its
place but but you're both with kritis
with critical successes
you are both sure that you know this is
going to set him free
Dave all it's clear they vote they're
just using this Hilton Adams guy for any
crime that happens you know we you know
we don't have anything to prove that it
had anything to do with Adams why don't
we just say it's a chemical explosion he
pulled something out we were trying to
show you guys
that there was a parcel left a strange
parcel left on your doorstep we went to
open Malthus opened it up and it
exploded
that's simple it exploded with no fire
damage no blast marks whatsoever and
somehow deflated him well I mean being
being being attacked by gang members was
what could be acid though yes but Sid
burns acid does burn but it melted his
spoons that being said so he drank it
some summit some random gang members
coming and coming in wouldn't deflate
him either or account for all of the
blue viscous stop if we finger it to
these guys nobody asked questions but
that all further implicates him he's
killed eight people
has he well that's what they tell me and
you believe everything they tell you
what what if it wasn't what if he was an
innocent man he might be innocent and we
use I mean he would everybody in prison
says they're innocent yes but in this
case we we're we're we just dealt with
something that rather forcefully is not
Adams or coating this world there are no
footsteps coming up the stairs we don't
have time come on we need to decide what
we're doing you got to tell him it look
I'm gonna I'm gonna talk to him you guys
are you know you're both you're both
traumatized by what's happened and I'll
make this go away I owe you this is this
I I have to I have to make good and I I
got to make sure that Billy's wife gets
that pension then she would still get
the pension if he did if he died in line
of duty from an explosion it's still
dude there's gonna be an investigation
if that happens yeah well fine if I
all right okay so he I'm gonna go and
like hide it hide hide all of my various
sharp things
I'm just before he turns I'm like should
we clean up or stay it's fine don't
worry about it
so he goes out and two officers have
made it up the stairs and you hear him
have a conversation where he starts to
like give them a very just the facts
sort of you know open-and-shut case
people who worked with with the murderer
Hilton Adams burst into this room
obviously trying to steal for some
reason you know and and and kill more
they these these ladies are friends of
that of that that writer who died the
other day and these they're just trying
to you know they they took a trip with
him to Peru and there's you know their
name they must knows they probably had
some information that these guys wanted
but they burst in and and yeah it's a
it's it's pretty open shut case and
unfortunately officer Mathis died in the
line of duty protecting these two
innocent women two cops like look in the
room and one of them like shudders and
just like he makes his sand roll and it
looks like McGillicuddy is making
headway is controlling the situation so
as long as you're okay with this and go
along with this story nothing else will
happen here I'm not okay with this but
with this I think we need to get the
band back together though we this is not
something that we need to decide on our
own I think I don't it's not it would
not be the first time that an innocent
person has been framed but I don't care
for it so you get there yep and you see
a chunk of the building is gone
[Laughter]
with her you can see into her but you
look up and you're looking at into her
apartment and it kinda is the same MO I
there is a police officer at the doorway
to the building and when you get out is
like ma'am please don't this is a crime
scene is it okay if I I what my friends
are upstairs it's their apartment but
yeah they'll send you up okay you get up
there actually the guy knows your
brother okay named Ron well I was on my
say your brother's name was Frank first
the cop okay and so he I asked my
called my brother and asked him to just
like look for the police report and see
if there's anything you know if there's
any sort of follow-up or anything weird
or if it's just gonna be something that
gets filed and delyth you know or like
in you know 72 hours are there problems
is there additional follow-up is there
any recommendations cuz gun well yeah
then we'll deal with that so you I
turn to magillicuddy and say he's out on
the landing talking to two cops but yeah
excuse me I'd like to also bring one of
our other team members here she's part
of her sure sure we'll send a car
you give them bells address all right so
about damn it about 1:00 in the morning
sorry man yeah you know you don't get a
long round stone rings in your hotel
room hello madam I'm so sorry to bother
you there are two policemen here to see
you okay in the lobby I'll be down in a
moment
of course he hears your voice he says
we'll have some tea waiting so yeah you
come down in two police officers I think
as you're drinking the tea they tell you
that there's been an incident at the
home of one Alexandra that she asked you
to come along she asked yes as they need
you there okay what happened it looks
like they were attacked
fight gang members are they okay
it seems to be we're hearing there's
only minor injuries may I go there of
course of course yeah we're gonna take
you there
perfect so they get you in a squad car
and they tear through the city are you
kidding so they pull up there are a
number of they've got the suite blocked
off there are a bunch of police that are
like clearing the rubble out and there
is a a crew that is now putting paper
over the hole in your wall thank you
just like butcher paper basically that
some some version of rightness in
January idiot it's it's very cool very
cool yeah you're gonna probably want to
stay in the hotel from for many reasons
at least five off the top of my head
yeah so you three earth top you've told
you've told her yeah I was like let's go
in the kitchen she knows the back up
strike you get there there in the
kitchen you see that just the
devastation that's gone on still dying
blue goo out of her hair
the blue is new the last one didn't
bleed blue oh the last one didn't really
bleed at all no no we didn't do that
much the last one actually I believe you
you two were the only two that saw it of
the people here by away yeah it
evaporated yeah oh did it okay that's
right - Jackson Elise shot it and yeah
we got into the mmm and it sounded human
just before it died yep yeah so see yeah
you're you're you're all up to speed I
have a quick question
is it the same shark parrot that we saw
before like do we think it's the exact
same one or do you think it did not seem
like the exact okay
so we think that no it has a brother so
there's more than one of these things
Bob Smith is making more make you more
make them mending more debt to I mean to
me it's making more one we're tighter
a tall sort of slightly overweight man
comes walking in the the police officer
do you see him flash a badge captain
Walter Robson ah walks in and he talks
with McGillicuddy for a moment and then
he like looks over and he like have we
cleaned up at this point or are we still
covered in goop you you've cleaned up yo
good
you were actually packing to like you
were packing to like go somewhere else
cuz the police are let the police are
like you know dis apartments gonna not
be condemned but it's gonna need a lot
of work done before in January we just
don't think anybody should stay here now
it's you can stay with me Thank You
Alice with you you mean just in an
adjoining room soon as possible we'll
get someone in here at the top of the
line to fix her I really appreciate that
Jordan no apartment like move I'm fond
Robson comes forward he says ladies I
am terribly sorry about what happened to
you my name is captain Walter Robson can
I be of any assistance do you need a
place to stay I believe I found a place
to stay
okay okay so look I think it's clear
that this was not you know he like
points at what's left of Malthus and
he's no I think it's clear that that
something extraordinary happened here
and I'm not asking anybody to explain
anything cuz I don't know what happened
here you don't know what happened here
but you know I'm just saying I know some
things you know some things maybe maybe
you guys go on a trip maybe yeah you go
somewhere take a vacation a well-earned
vacation hmm
do you have any recommendations it's
January don't usually travel during this
time of you know Florida's nice maybe
I'm just saying that you know I am
perfectly willing to accept officer
McGillicuddy's testimony in this matter
and make sure that officer Mathis and
his widow are well taken care of
but if if certain investigations that
you may be undertaking right now were to
continue
I might have to reopen this
investigation and that that could have
you know that could have some effects on
your standing these are the local law
enforcement here's all as I'm saying mmm
it's all installs you're saying that's
all so captain I appreciate your concern
for our safety and well-being that's
what you chivalrous of you yes I grab
them by the arm and just start sweeping
them back towards the door so the
captain
yeah all right all right yeah he'll they
all sort of go along is will you you
just think about what I said huh you
know and I'm just curious captain if
there would be I don't know extra
protection because again like you've
seen miscreants just seem to come and
come after us even we were minding our
own business here oh sure you you know
what you tell me where you stand and I
will make sure that I have been with you
well I will call you and let you know
what all that extra protection you need
thank you sir he goes up to McGillicuddy
okay after that and he has a long talk
with McGillicuddy and unless any of you
do anything else
you're gonna go you're gonna go to a
hotel and get a place to stay I tell
them where we're going yeah I'd like to
in speak you aslam to some of the things
he's saying to McGillicuddy if that's
possible
he's it sounds like he's consoling him
okay he's like you know trying to build
him back up and like you know you lost
your partner this is terrible I'll make
sure that Karen is well taken care of
you know
that's he he seems to be if one wishes
to be cynical he seems to be recouping
his investment in officer McGillicuddy
and making sure that McGillicuddy will
do what he wants you know if push comes
to shove okay so I again yeah yeah I I
do I do want to look at the ladies and
sand and ask very quietly do we think
that he's one of them an actual I mean I
don't think he's a bird but we did a
short bird or bird we didn't think that
promise was either he looked like a
normal person until he wasn't there's
somebody like behind this Robson I mean
he said the identical thing almost to us
as Bob Smith right our friend Bob
Smith is the same morning he didn't tell
you to leave Peru no you didn't but he
told us to go to Peru essentially
Florida stop singly not stop interfering
yeah it's the same message it's odd that
it's coming from I mean unless I'm
getting a little Jackson Elias here but
unless there's a demon body hopping
between Walter Roth sinning cigars max
I think the theater I keep saying you
said that that this wasn't the same
thing that was in Peru right nuts nicely
like that the mall was different and
then were the colors the same art we're
not exactly the same it was off but it
was it's like if you look at one chicken
and you see another chicken they look
Barbarossa dork yeah so you know which
how you catch a bird so I don't know I
know how to kill it yeah I don't know
what your skills stretch but maybe one
of those teeth you might be able to
utilize to pawn my dagger I try to take
him off a teeth yeah you pull out some
teeth right yes I'm gonna collect some
of the blood so you knows a little bit
about police procedures they are not
doing any crime down in this place
there's naming it often yeah yeah
there's
no like hey we should take pictures of
everything or you know like yeah hole
I'm just assuming it's a bunch of dudes
milling around eating doughnuts and like
like the tourists about what's going on
it's suck yeah exactly they'll like it
was this expensive so I I packed up my
my carpet bag to its 80% knives I'm
going to say it yes like every piece of
clothing is wrapped around this dress to
wrap this pretty much should be my econ
doing her not this one brings me joy
this won't bring me joy thank you what
stone to sharpen oh yeah absolutely
all right so you end up are you gonna
stay at the same hotel that she's at yes
but further further down the floor if
they have that I don't want us to be
right next to each other because that I
want that to be an easy target yeah
you're gonna use your name mmm I need a
fake I'm gonna use a fake name all right
so yeah you check-in under a fake game
and are you gonna stay no it's quite
late it's pretty late we'll stay at the
hotel okay I mean not under my name
either sure and you're just gonna go
home yeah there was a good trouble Irish
all right so we're gonna zoom ahead next
day and we're gonna head to the funeral
of Jackson Elias made it finally finally
it took her you know a session and a
half yeah that's right so the morning of
the 17th Dawn's it is bitter cold and
there is snow there's snow on the ground
and there's more coming and the funeral
is in the afternoon so you guys all
gather in the morning you gain a hit
point back
there is you guys decide to meet
somewhere and I'm everybody mmm-hmm
you to make you three make me spot
hidden roles critical success I missed
it by two all right there is very
clearly a two uniformed police officers
just sort of standing around out front
of the hotel and they are they're not
you know they're not like watching
everyone that goes by but they're just
sort of very clearly like just standing
there do you think should we say hello
to the nice officers outside I'm gonna
take the back door out I'm with her I'm
you two okay the hotel will call you a
cab to go to the funeral home which is
in Brooklyn and so you guys meet up you
have lunch beforehand you go you make it
out and you don't see any you know for
you go out the back door and you know
hail a cab you get you get there and you
you make it to the funeral the funeral
is nondenominational it is fairly brief
there is it's at Cypress Hill Cemetery
how many people are there he just closed
casket do we recognize anybody so there
are there are not many people there and
can we tell if cuz I know he didn't
necessarily have family but can like is
there anybody who's actually grieving
versus is this more like a professional
yeah so the thing you immediately notice
is there are three people who who seemed
to be actively grieving okay one of them
has a woman with a young woman with him
who you know is there like oh I have to
be here yeah and then at the back of the
room there are there are three people
who are clearly reporters they have like
notebooks
they're you know they're taking notes
and that sort of thing you see a so the
the the ceremony happens and and then
there and the priest who's presiding
asks for people to give short
remembrances of the of the departed and
so the first man to stand up is this guy
he's short he's pudgy he's he is he
seems he has a very soft manner to him
and he he introduces himself as I'm
Jonas Kensington
I was I was Jackson's publisher with
Prospero house that's he was the only
person that I hire who sold books and he
was a great man he he tried so hard to
do good things around the world and I'm
so touched and glad that I was able to
be a small part of his work and I want
to figure out a way for his work to
continue so that's the first guy is is
Jonah Kensington and then there is an
african-american gentleman steps up he's
well dressed very well very well taken
care of
he he steps up and he's he's a little
uncomfortable and he just says well I'm
Carlton Ramsey and I was mr. Elias
I'm very sad to to see this happened and
my my memories of him are as a crusader
you know Jackson Elias knew there was
wrong in the world and knew that he
could be a force to undo that wrong and
he died because of it and let's see is
the third person the third the the the
steps up she's a a wiry woman she's
chichi she's got New York tough written
all over her and she is she introduced
herself as Rebecca chef Shonen birth and
she's a reporter for the New York Times
and she she she says that she worked
with Jackson she always calls him
Jackson not mr. Elias she worked with
Jackson very closely on a number of
stories and some of his ideas were a
little out there but he was he was a
good man when she says some of his ideas
are out there
I look around does anybody have kind of
like a reaction to that cuz inside yeah
giggling okay Kensington like nods along
with that he was he was a good man
and he just he wanted to do he just
wanted to help everybody he met and and
I'll miss him anybody want to say a few
words of memory of Jackson Elias the
really liked cheesecake yeah well we'll
have cheesecakes night in his honor
there's cheesecake this is as long as
there's not also cilantro cilantro
cheesecake there is indeed a little you
know sort of sad reception cuz there's
like seven of you there and you notice
that mr. Schoenberg is like
eyeing you guys shishi and so finally
she will
she'll approach you and she'll say so
how did you know how did you know
Jackson
we met him on a cross transatlantic
flight our flight sorry oh one of his
trips from to London actually back from
London that's where we met him yeah
that's where we discovered a pension for
cheesecake I think he ate out the entire
you know and then I started getting like
oh and he ate out the entire like boat
of it and they had to you know make more
for him and when you get it was so much
fun she like notices that and she like
clearly like that that that like that
like sort of lowers her shields that you
guys actually knew him and yeah and sort
of he like champagne with it too
yeah I said what it's an it's an odd
combination but it worked for him
can I had a pension for all dairy
products I think and I mean what do you
know anything about his murder
i I mean they're blaming it on on Hilton
Adams but that I mean Hilton Adams is in
prison I know it doesn't yeah it doesn't
make sense
it's like sense at all Wow everybody
make an intelligence role critical
success Lisa and not another protocol
you know nobody you can only really so
but on the bright side they're only
ruined for call of concealing their
great every other game follow both of
you remember that Rebecca Shoshone and
Berg wrote the the obituary article
about Jackson Elias and also you had an
article about Hilton Adams that she
wrote that's right I I skipped over her
name when I was reading it because I was
like I can't pronounce that last name I
thought the name sounded and and she
actually you know she she invites you
you know she's she's got some research
and stuff and if you want to yeah come
by the time sometime I can share it with
you I'd love to
I'm trying to figure out like who did
this to Jackson and well and did you
like have you when was the last time you
spoke to him
it was it was a couple weeks ago okay
and did he say that he was into
something specific or
no he was leaving for he was leaving for
London and then Shanghai okay did he say
why he was going to Shanghai he said he
was following the Carlisle expedition
explained about this time Carleton
Ramsey the attorney mm-hmm he he he sort
of comes up he says pardon pardon me
I believe ladies that oh god I don't
want it I want to invite you you are
named in mr. elias's will oh I'm not
surprised actually and if you don't mind
maybe you would come by my office and we
could read the will and I could I'm the
executor of his estate and I think that
I think that you're gonna want to hear
mr. elias's last Testament will and
testament yes yeah it's not an offer so
he makes an appoint with you for two
days from now that I have teenth
while we're standing there kind of just
saying that I just let you know mr.
Ramsey that was that was actually really
touching what you said about Jackson
Elias you know that he was you know
trying to on to right wrongs did he have
any and I know you can't disclose
anything like necessary but like you
know what he said he did good works were
there any sort of like groups that he
contributed to did he you know leave
anything for any groups like charitable
things like what kind of shirt like
essentially what I'm driving at it's
like you know how do you write like
who's what wrongs was he writing like
I think champion what is far more
comfortable if I let mr. Elias speak up
to that and his will is fairly specific
in that regard I can tell you that he he
came to my office
a few days ago and changed his and made
some adjustments to his will that that
recently that will I believe answer some
of your questions
did he seem distressed when he came to
see you or was it very casual meeting
like was he concerned he I believe he
was concerned yes and I think that you
will you will see when he returns when
when you come to my office I think did
again I think that will answer many
questions but I hope you understand
there are certain legal steps that I
have to take as an attorney in the
source if you don't mind a you know if
you'll come over on the 19th we can we
can handle this matter all right
mm-hmm but if you you know if you want
to I would also recommend that you talk
to Jonah he might have some he might
have some insight into mr. elias's yes
Jonah Kensington oh it's Jonah Jonah he
said Jonah's oh did I yeah okay where's
it where is he I'm like where is he
on the table food okay so he's Jonah
Kensington all right so Jonah seems like
uh he's a he's a little bit in shock
he's kind of you know he's clearly
distraught but he's also sort of just
like numb there's a you know that's
that's the feeling that you get and he
you know he he says oh hello ladies
and he like looks at each of you have
any of you read Jackson's book from Peru
yes no yeah
I do own a copy though I never read it
but I did go and buy a copy checks my
list Thanks I just looked for the parts
of my name well show that actually
that's the thing did he change names to
protect the guilty we were there were
everybody was sort of pseudonym and it
was clearly good papered over to like
not make it seem as crazy creepy and
crazy as everything when I read the
parts about me did I get super angry
like what I didn't do that was about you
were about complaining so like
Kensington like sort of looks at you
each and then he like starts to like peg
you as your pseudonyms
he's Jackson talked about that trip to
Peru a lot he had a he had a he he
really it seemed to really have an
effect on him mm-hmm and to to really
change his outlook on his work and what
he was doing and yes it was a very
changing sort of trip yeah it seems like
that's where he really sort of turned
the corner to well I mean it started
getting harder to sell his books he
started to write some pretty fantastic
stuff and it was he was it was a little
strange
was it I mean did he talk about what
he's writing next he was working on a
book about the Carlisle expedition okay
um and and he kind of give you the angle
on on it like what was his what was his
take on it like do you have a manuscript
you just like can I read them notes you
know maybe a diary yeah he did you said
you wanted to to see his work continued
how would you
go and describe what that would entail I
mean what would you imagine I mean you
have plans for the future regarding
continuing his work well I really think
you should talk to mr. Ramsay about that
um but I do you know Jackson spoke very
highly of you after your your and and I
mean I'd be happy to share you know what
I have of his notes he had recently he
had recently been in he'd recently been
in London and in Shanghai he was coming
back he just gotten back from on the
boat and he he was he had he had all
sort of news about the the Carlisle
expedition but he I mean so he sent me
some notes and and I'm gonna be frank
some of it is some of its unhinged
well may I see it not gonna stop by your
office tomorrow maybe considering his
book that he wrote some of the stuff was
toned down compared to what it really
was so you know well I mean I got a lot
of notes from Jackson and I think that
the final notes I received spoke to a
level that he had never been at in terms
of that it and that's what concerns me
I'm surprising I was very surprised I
wonder what I mean was it more like
paranoia surprises you did he name
anyone did he wasn't feeling threatened
or followed I mean we're here at his
funeral
and you're concerned about the last
notes that he had sent I mean what is
so I haven't I hadn't really gotten a
chance to connect with Jackson before
yes I he'd sent me some notes and we
were actually gonna meet next week after
his last note I was I was concerned
about him not I didn't think he was
gonna die or that somebody was gonna
kill him
I thought that he was in a bad space you
know he was he was kind of raving a
little and and that's what concerned me
with a normal I mean he kind of would go
off see yeah I know you know
respectfully ma'am I'm gonna disagree
his works like when he wrote very
analytical you know he he I can't argue
with you on that point I mean when he
would talk about things he would get
really him well then I made it he does
what made him a great writer of course
was that his passion you know he could
he could instill that passion but still
have a journalistic detachment you know
that that that the voice came through
and and and and that was what concerned
me was that in these last notes you know
I didn't see any of that mm-hmm
interesting and so but but of course uh
come by my office tomorrow okay and we
can you know we can what time would
you like us to come by should we bring
tea come early yeah come by before lunch
and we'll go to lunch ladies to lunch
that would be delightful
thank you okay a late arrival at the
funeral is captain Robson mmm he comes
in he's wearing a black suit and he nods
and smiles at you and he and I'm
suddenly itching for a dagger he goes
over and he he wants to he's talking to
Ramsey hmm and you clearly hear Ramsey
in a very polite
but flustered voice asking for access to
mr. as the executor of the will he wants
access to mr. elias's possessions mmm
and Robson is robsons like they're part
of an active the part of an active crime
scene I'm very sorry but I can't allow
Robson is asking to see elias's will and
and Ramsay is essentially Ramsay is
using the you know he's like making the
counter of like I want the possessions
he's luring it no I mean yeah mercy does
he look like he's having a problem with
him he's flustered okay but he's not
like you know it seems like they're in
an impasse mm-hmm
neither one of them is gonna get what
they want and it's sort of like and
Robson is totally calm and sort of
mocking he's got like a you know he's
got a smile on his face the whole time
and he's sir like you know he's doing a
very chummy sort of like you know
putting his arm around Ramsay and that
sort of thing and being all buddy-buddy
and very subtly like making it clear
that he's like you know in your physical
space and all that stuff you know being
the slimy guy that he is ya know I just
want like I want to continue to listen
because oh yeah I don't yeah if if
Ramsay's having a hard time I want to
get behind him and back you'd like right
intervene okay yeah you know use files
like that struggle let me win you you
feel like Ramsay is gonna I mean it's
gonna end up an impasse okay good yeah
yeah it's fine and so about after about
ten minutes of that you know Ramsey
Ramsey like gets a little too much
volume at one point it just goes that's
not how it works well it's weird look
yeah every like the whole room like the
whole room there's like seven
you know the room gets quiet and Rob's
agos so sorry to interrupt this solemn
occasion and he like walks out I just
watch him as I spear another bite of
cheesecake and just like can i oh
actually as he walks by you he goes
ladies I hope that the palace is a
lovely hotel for you and he walks out
thank you thank you your watchful eyes
and it's gonna say I nod and it's a Miss
he's gone we need like three backups at
this point actually I'm thinking that we
shouldn't be in New York anymore can i
sidle up to Ramsey I like we might and
see if I can out expedite our meeting
instead of two days like today this
evening
yeah now so I chased on what just
happened yeah he's okay with that come
by my my office this evening yes he
gives you the address okay it's in
Harlem
okay of course it is how far away from
the tree house
juju house never heard of it it's
trysting well Harlem is not you know
Harlem's not like not that it's big
Harlem is big I have a map of it
many blocks in in in both width and lint
like so it is you know I mean it's not
and and the juju house is a tiny little
place it's literally an alley unless it
is unless it is what you the stuff
you're interested in you Protestant
there yeah nobody's nobody's like
walking by it going oh yeah that place
had good spices they did okay so I think
I'm gonna challenge let's see if Thomas
is paying attention Oh nobody the monkey
bird pig it's fine
but I said we're gonna we're gonna go to
break
cuz it's 8 o'clock and we're gonna we'll
be back in a few minutes
we're gonna come back with the reading
of the will cool Oh dad sounded downer
promise I wanted I wanted Thomas to read
the letters but sadly Oh
voiceover because one of them is well
anyway so we'll be back in a few minutes
you
[Music]
you
right here we we had some break time
you'll DUP and ready to go because you
know nothing there's nothing you need an
energy burst for it more than the
reading of a will you don't fall asleep
in the middle of therefore just give me
stuff I feel like what this stuff is
gonna be pseudo cursed I'm fine when I
can feel it it's gonna call event like
is this cursed give me and it may
involve rolling in your character hmm
so you you that night you go to Carleton
Ramsey's office it's its way it's not
124th Street
it's oh good ways down can I I don't
know sprite and spot hidden am I
being followed
that's a spot yeah sure a you can vote
you can you can make it run out hit and
run a spot hidden yep
I can't see that number 75 son of a
mother
uh everything seems fine you know you're
in a cab they're looking okay yeah
that's only by ten I missed it okay we
you'd made it you could spend look nope
yeah it's pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] inspiration we are
actually have plenty yeah let me ruin
let me ruin some dice again very kind of
inspiration okay yeah you do not feel
like you don't see any police cars or
any cars I mean so the twenties weren't
quite New York now but it's still like
traffic is terrible
yeah and and cars are slow yeah well
cars are slow and every car it looks
like it's following you because they're
all going slow to the same place you're
going yeah let's show up in Harlem so
you you you think once you got above
like a hundred Street you'd be able to
start figuring stuff out yeah it seems
like nobody's following you so you get
to the office and it's a very small
office it's the law office of Carlton
Ramsey there's like two rooms basically
there's a front receptionist room where
no
where no one is and then Carleton
Ramsey's office his door is open and
when you when you come in a little bell
rings and he says oh yeah it comes out
needing me and he welcomes you he pulls
it is prohibition you know so this is
you know finding alcohol okay not to get
too technical but in prohibition aren't
you allowed per household like so many
beers and so much wine still really so I
think it's it's yeah I think individual
stuff there's weirdness about buying it
but but like you had it before it was
grandfathered in but he he gives
everyone a drink and he he once again
you know you spend a little time talking
about Jackson and sort of stuff he's
done and that sort of thing does he tell
us anything interesting about the
charitable works cuz I'm still kind of
interested why he said that you know he
he was when I wrote this down somewhere
I think he wants to see Jackson's work
continued he undid the wrongs is what it
said the few and so he says well I mean
as you you know from being with Jackson
he was very focused on groups that
misguidedly felt that violence was a
religion and he worked to debunk and to
discredit those organizations I mean I
use organizations as a very loose term
but he you know he was very focused on
that that was that was his his mission
in life and I think as you'll see from
the will if you if you don't mind I'll
just dive right in here he pulls out the
will he explains that he has been given
full power of attorney for Jackson
elias's estate and
he has full authority to liquidate his
assets and mr. Elias has instructed me
to liquidate those assets and use them
to establish a fund and that fund is to
go to you only insofar as you will make
use of these funds to continue his
investigation of the Carlisle expedition
Baroness hmm and so I will on a
reimbursement status only I will
reimburse you for expenses any
reasonable expense to be used in this
investigation that could be
accommodation living costs equipment
purchases legal bills medical expenses
certain beverage of course of course all
the cheesecake and and the gin we can
handle ask that you send me these
receipts in a timely in a timely fashion
and I will also serve as a central point
of contact if you have materials that
you need shipped somewhere you can use
my office and I will make sure they get
to you
similarly if you have if you wish to
engage subcontractors in whatever form
that might be we I will take care of the
disbursement and I will act as the
employer for legal purposes and or if
you feel that you need extra help you
can hire people and I will take care of
the disbursement there is just one other
thing and as I mentioned mr. Elias did
visit me a couple days ago to amend his
will and he he left a note that he asked
greetings from beyond the great by now
I'm sure you've learned that what I left
you is a whole heap of trouble I
understand if you just want to walk away
from the whole thing hell I'm dead now
and I'm still wishing I could have
walked away from it but I couldn't do
that
and I don't think you're going to either
you've been there for me in the past
when I needed you it's too late to save
me but I hope I can count on you one
last time I've been traveling all over
the world pulling it threads believe me
I'm on to something big Carlton and
Jonah can give you some of the details
they've got some of my papers and some
of the notes but there's still so much
to follow up on so much that still needs
and I'm counting on you to bring my
killers to justice if I just got mowed
down by a trolley car well consider me
embarrassed and you off the hook
but I suspect it'll be something else
and it's not gonna be easy to follow it
out to the end you don't need to finish
my book none of you can write worth a
damn I'm sorry yeah I wouldn't ask if it
wasn't important remember me your friend
Jackson Elias mr. Elias wrote this in my
office
three days ago so he knew that wouldn't
hurt he was pulling on was going to end
up with him dead mmm-hmm
did he he had to be suspicious of
someone I mean was there someone that he
was concerned about was there someone
that he felt he made it clear that he
believed his investigations had made him
a target for some of these organizations
that he had investigated and did he
mention anything did he give any of the
organization's a name he did not to me
okay but as his letter says perhaps mr.
Kent perhaps Jonah knows a little more
and can shed light in that area so I
have a quick question in fact I have two
questions when we talk about continuing
the investigation and sending you the
receipts is that like just a little
technical here is that like third class
passage first class like where where's
that like total expense how much money
did he give dings I see I just need to
understand the level of steak lobster
hamburger well turneth tuna fish yeah I
would hope that you would be mindful
stewards of the estate of mr. Elias it
is a considerable estate Maday ting his
assets to to date has led to including
royalties from his books and so such has
led to a disbursement of
around $50,000 which in the 1920s was a
significant amount of money not
insignificant given that you know like a
day a day at a nice hotel is like $10
yeah okay I'm at that out later I'm not
going to ask my website to do it for me
yeah but Internet I do hope that you
will be you know mindful oh no I
understand I just need to know because
again from what we understood Jackson
Elias was both in London and Shanghai
obviously he was one man we are for
individuals who you know if we have to
be conservative we will I just need to
understand you know investigation could
take months if you I I mean do we used
to do okay I will I will provide you
with monthly accountings if you if if
the funds begin to become an issue you
will certainly know about it I have not
liquidated all of his assets so there
will be you know there's some real
estate and that's what I think and he
seems to have collected a large amount
of gold from the roof knowing that he's
going to that is that I'm in the process
of selling don't touch it yeah I mean
use gloves don't put it on your face
what what what sort of gold do now uh
it's it's artifacts like cups and bowls
and it's the stuff that you saw in that
pile in the pyramid it was it's not the
Shuang stuff yeah it's not it was not
the nose that make sure it's not a mask
you put it on don't wear any of it I
know the mask I think it's with the
museum right yeah all that stuff is but
you have found another one I mean it is
masks yeah a strange feeling to put on
the mask I want to step out of one of
these cups also I noticed the
altercation with Robson Robson yes
can I do Robson look I miss you
a continual thorn in your side or is
this just a recent development for you
well I mean I couldn't help but
overhearing I'm sorry for Nolan's job is
somewhat small captain Robson has not
been particularly helpful in in my
clients matters I feel that I feel that
more could have been done in the
investigation and I think that that mr.
Adams is an unfortunate scapegoat in
this regard especially considering he
was in prison at the time that the
murder occurred mm-hmm
but but captain Robson is a creature I
understand he is he's he's a base greedy
man and that that's easy to deal with
I'm concerned that he's potentially
dangerous
the police were sighted i but well hmm i
believe that he's dangerous in that he's
a man that has Pat he has power and it's
scarier when they lose power those types
of men become violent yes but I also
think that he is I don't believe that
captain Robson killed Jackson Elias I
believe that he's covering up oh
absolutely
mm-hmm I think he knows is entirely
possible that he knows who it isn't very
possible that he works for whoever did
this and mr. Adams was as I said just an
easy scapegoat to be forthcoming and
again I understand that you're now
there hasn't been paperwork that effect
but weakens I mean I would certainly
remain on retainer understand that you
needed so with that being somebody's
conversation I would like to just
express the fact that I'm concerned
about also your safety mm-hmm you know
Robson we've you know I don't know how
much Jackson Elias has told you but
we've come under considerable threats
from other individuals in Peru and
Robson essentially said the same thing
and I just with that altercation it just
concerned me that
your safety and I understand that you're
an extremely capable attorney that can
negotiate his way out of some of these
situations with the police but that
doesn't mean that it's not above Robson
to look and look another would look the
other way
mhm based on our investigation and I'm
concerned for your safety well that is
that is that is very kind of you and I
note that you are also four very capable
women I have no doubt that there are
several firearms in my office as we
speak no Jackson all Isis friends very
well well I've heard he mentioned he
could what was it he called you team
Dane
speaking of team game we have five
hundred bits and inspiration from
hedonistic Neil Niall I don't know but
he sand hedonistic Nile says that their
team Dane all right I didn't know today
Cooke had fans watching actually my best
friends back in Fairbanks his name Dane
I'm so it's hilarious to me every time
we do we say that there you go Denmark
thanks you and I'm from Denmark my
family there we go I just string between
like if you want a fun Google deep dive
is just googling people that have played
this game and like some people do that
like people who have they have like a
bulletin board like Carlisle you've got
the mind map going out it's the whole
thing but like I said I owned Robson I
understand his threats and I understand
he travels in a world that I understand
the people who killed Jackson Elias
that's a world that I don't understand
and that's a world that I don't want to
get involved
probably very wise I can I can do I can
work in ways to hopefully ameliorate
some of mr. Rob's captain Robson's
baser instincts I'll do what I can but I
can't promise that if if you do find
yourself with any trouble with the
police please call me immediately and
he'll give you a phone number that is my
home and you can call me and we'll see
what we can do okay
does anybody want to see this yeah and
then like once we're done passing around
I'm gonna light a match and just signal
to you guys like do you agree or
disagree absolutely
so once we're done reading it all right
fire nice restful Hobson I don't do them
yeah and especially now and since they
got draw orders since they got orders
directly from the captain to come and
lean on us and one of them turned out to
be a shark parrot weird let's go with
weird even of the normies oh I agree I'm
gay okay we just burn the last writing
of Jax well yeah this is the last
writing of Jackson always and I little
might spill a little moment everywhere
yeah bourbon you would appreciate that
as it goes up in flames or the smell of
cilantro all right so it's in the
evening and you guys gonna head home I
guess ahead to find a new hotel um
I feel like having a drink I you fun
concerned we need to have a chat oh yeah
four of us I think and and I'm assuming
that we'll have to sign paperwork yes
right yeah I do want to put you on
retainer just of course I'll excuse me
all I'll put together some paperwork and
if you ladies will excuse me mm-hmm
so you're in like his front office okay
he takes off on a motorcycle so we wait
we gather up so this is this is a lot
don't you think he wants us to go and
chase down an expedition that was
murdered and where Africa i-i've been
keeping light tabs on all of that
because it looked weird
so he's been shanghaied London Africa
true well not Africa not yet you know
Jackson hasn't been too but he was
talking about there it's interesting
that he hasn't been to the site yet
because the newspapers indicated that a
location was found well I mean you don't
know that okay well yeah and the so the
other thing the current you know you
remember that the Carlisle's petition
also went to Egypt yeah Egypt was also
yeah cuz that was their original to find
Solomon's whatever mine or whatever yeah
Wow Matthews just gifted five
subscription what that's amazing on I
didn't even like cinema charity what is
it like no basically the idea behind it
is that he pays for him for the
subscriptions and I just it either
selects or give for it so let's randomly
five people who are username I love your
brother Jay geils all these jokes site
has no idea she's just like who I'm
disarmed like I was like sign doesn't
get this you know no anything I just
talk later
I'm too young for them don't worry
don't worry honey we'll tell you on your
reverse of lethal weapon you know you
never want to have to have the talk with
your children about the Jay geils Band
it's not a it's not never come someone
tell me man in there a book okay where
were we oh we were gonna go get a drink
and connect the red strings together if
we're going to leave we need to wait for
him to come up with okay has been hand
waved and he he will give you each like
a hundred he'll give you each ten credit
rating in sort of yes please eat I feel
now at a 75 yeah I'm at 65 I'm 15 I'm
not poor anymore entirely right we've
reached that part of my notes read
that's what I'm saying let me just try
and read them once we can probably yeah
I bet you hold on so this is what it
says it says quest and cast episode 8
parrot fight after officer McGillicuddy
slot something survives he survives
funeral of Jackson Elias meet and maybe
raspberry Shoshone Rebecca yeah Jonah
and then it says meet Carlton Ramsey
invite to will reading what do we think
ice expedite Legos T yeah T we're having
tea with the Legos your that looks like
a husk really I think it says Natalie
okay ask Natalie see this the funeral
honestly most of its over most of its
over the the funeral staff it's a meet
meet Rebecca meet Joanna meet Carl
Natalie yeah who's this person are we
going 14 I've got my next senior trying
keep killing it kill you just killing
everybody on it was possible I mean be
honest just not all honesty so yeah you
find a a nondescript bar where you will
not yeah and out yeah and during
Prohibition we want to go to somebody
yes yeah we're sure so that all secrets
are kept yeah you you finally find a
dark corner yes yeah you most of you
know a speakeasy and so you've you've
got us a cool place you can go to i
light up a cigarette I line up the
cigarettes like when did we all start
smoking my voice is already completely
destroyed I don't think I can do much
worse so at this point I'd say you guys
probably noticed that my hands shaking
as I'm smoking I'm still disturbed even
though we've gone through this whole
time with had drink
mm-hmm all right so I pull out a
notebook
[Laughter]
let's do reach that face all right so
let's let's say now we're doing the clue
dumb yeah let's sort of go over the
stomach you've got you've got the
Carlisle expedition huh
and I'd say the big bullet points there
are that Roger Carlisle was a New York
playboy who put together this expedition
I think are they oh no it's not on this
there's a there's a picture of them
somewhere but put together this
expedition that had a number of members
and and according to the newspaper you
actually got the members they are yeah
there was a lady there's a fancy lady it
was a yes
that's that's what she called lady so it
was Roger Carlisle that's where Natalie
comes in there was dr. Robert Houston
mm-hmm
there was Hypatia that masters and there
was Jack brass brady brass with his
nickname always written there he was
very American
what was his brass Brady Brady brass
Brady and then who must bro Houston
Robert Houston Robert I'm always
hesitation Albury Hypatia's master
masters and and the five main people
those five menos were and they went they
left for London and they spent some time
in London and then they went to Egypt
and in Egypt they had they did some
excavations and then they they went to
Kenya on Safari to sort of enjoy
themselves like you knew and there they
were massacred and at when they were
massacred mr. Carlisle's sister Erica
Carlisle who is now the is now the she
now runs the vast Carlisle fortune she
went over to Africa to try and collect
the body and take care of things lie in
that sort and and she then returned to
the US so and she's in New York that
card says there someplace yeah yeah
Erica Carlisle is is local and you know
so you sort of you know you've got the
locations the Carlisle expedition went
to you've got the people in the Carlisle
expedition that you could do some
research on and soon you'll have more
information about that so that's the
Carlisle expedition then you have the
the other clues you got from Jackson
Elias the boat in Shanghai and
Shanghai everybody make me a spot
hidden role Lee verticals
nope maybe it might ruin more guys
critical success yep didn't know it but
nope
did inside it make something and that's
how I should recognize the building well
yeah she knows how to Shanghai yeah wow
so you you've just everything with this
photo hey look at the English boat in
the background there's something about
it that grabs you are those things human
I'm sure they're deckhand unless it
looks like a that's like human human
human weird blob well that could be I
don't know what thanks Emma well what's
weird - is that isn't this a smokestack
coming out of a ship that looks like an
old whaling ship or something or like
its deanship clearly okay but it's
that's a river so it's probably a
riverboat okay you get a part there's
a partial name of the boat Oh dar really
holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you can read that yeah 2020
Wow a hard success that's what I do yeah
so yeah there's a partial name of the
boat that doesn't mean anything right
now but it's it's you know it's it's
something you clearly notice about the
boat that's it yeah I think it's
actually a little easier to see on the
the one that came with the game the name
but once you you know once you sort of
know it's there yeah oh yeah no it jumps
out at you when you go it's there yeah
see that yeah no I got okay
I was looking at the Shanghai Tigers oh
yeah I drew that yeah so that is we need
jackets and say that so that's the other
clue yoga you have a club of some sort I
don't know if I want to go there
Shanghai fun and Friends it's kind of
lame where I want to go there it's
mini-golf yeah okay you also have the
name Dario came to mind when I read
though I don't know why you also have
the symbol
was carved on Jackson elias's forehead
which some people have recognized and
others haven't I also drew that you have
the the letter from Harvard that he was
looking for a book so when you go home
tonight there'll be a telegram waiting
for you that will tell you that me or
what probably you because you're not
going home no but it wasn't on TV I sent
it oh yeah right so you get a call
your husband tells you that you got a
telegram and the telegram says that
Elias was looking for a book called
Africa's dark seconds and that book had
disappeared from the library and
actually in the telegram it says
mysteriously disappeared and while we're
sitting at the bar I also talked about
so I wrote these notes about the bloody
tongue based in Kenya yep
and that they blamed the name Nandi
tribe yeah yeah yeah that's who that's
who the press blame yeah because they
weren't gonna blame a cult right and
then the pen you Foundation which a a
little bit of a little bit of research
will tell you that let's see the pen you
[Music]
it's a it's a foundation dedicated to a
grant scholar it's grant a granted brand
it gives grants to scholars who are
undertaking the study of Egyptian
history and antiquities have I heard of
this before I mean there's this a grant
that I probably would have write mended
wouldn't know who runs that you know
that because of the card Edward Gavigan
okay and Rinca you also know that Aubrey
Penn Hugh who the who you know that's
the name of the foundation he was part
I also have written down there were
after biblical treasures that I narrow
down the area to the Great Valley
northwest of Nairobi yeah that's when
they left Egypt mm-hmm yeah but that is
that is most of sort of the the stuff
you have right now you also I mean you
have whatever's going on in the you
don't really know what's going on in the
juju house something's going on there
it's clearly in an epicenter of some
sort of activity but you don't know what
uh-huh
and I think that is that is most of your
loose ends but I think it's it's a good
practice to you know every couple
sessions to go like all right didn't
download what's out there you know
remind yourself yeah while you guys are
there if there's anything else you want
to well I think we should love a love a
good list yeah so tomorrow we have to
meet with Jonah Kensington you have that
on our calendar
we haven't are ever so busy yes okay
yeah exactly it's a huge day tomorrow
huge day we could make an appointment to
see Rebecca Shoshone in burg I'm okay
with that not okay with that I mean I
feel like cuz would we spoke to her she
said that he won he wanted to go to
London and Shanghai and then when we met
with Carlisle
nope not Carlton sorry I have to think
Fresh Prince here Carlton do the Carlton
yep he was in London and Shanghai so I'm
she might have some insight but I also
feel like her information might be in
Blanton's well it read ated it might be
a bit dated or maybe he needed to go
back because I've never he found me
could make me a psychology role me here
I fail I can tell you this immediately
so what you do remember is that at the
funeral she she said stuff everything
she said about Jackson Elias was sort of
in the past yeah she was a little more
focused on Hilton Adams and okay and
yeah because that would be her story is
free free yeah right
yeah train an innocent man mm-hmm which
i think is a just cause you know finding
jackson Eliza's killer and freeing uh
here's the big problem though if Jackson
Eliza's killer turns out to be another
of those parrots things think her yeah
those parrots I'm pretty sure are just
working on their own well that's that's
a concern sorry I thought you said they
were I was like really that's a great
theory how's that working aperture
charge Ronnie maybe hilarious they're
just Patsy parrots I mean speaking of
you know and the good thing is when
you're when you've got Patsy parrot
problems we just got raided by the
legends of oven Taurus I mean are they
all legends yes yes guys I'm a legend
legendary items legendary people
legendary things as well legends are
avatars if you're just joining us we've
learned that the parents are the parents
aren't working alone we're doing a clue
down from there come along their Patsy
parents yes say that five times well no
but that's a great question who is
controlling the parents right why does
it seem like she just made it code we're
thinking that is the title of next
week's everything she's controlling
these parents and and and it shouldn't
be cheesecake but no that's our safe
word
like I said it can't be that right um
but we need to figure out why we have
targets painted on our bags because
we're friends with Jackson a lot it's
all Jackson's fault Bob's fault
but who else knows that we were nobodies
before we were we were you were at the I
mean you were at the scene of his death
well they were at the scene of his death
that that being said you said that this
creature was also in Peru mhm and while
I was indisposed you you had you had a
you had a visitor and you said that that
same person was here mm-hmm
yeah he was seen at the scene he got
shot was a 14 story is shot at last you
saw him he crumpled into a car and was
being pulled he troubled enough and so
he wasn't looking working alone and well
he wasn't working alone and whatever
Jackson has stuck his foot into this
time and clearly drew some attention and
we know that the cuffs are involved that
they've been there they were being paid
by somebody at the juju house and that
they they went to track us down to find
the information to figure out what was
going on with Jackson Elias and put heat
on us why though why why does the
captain want to put heat on us he thinks
we know somethin what if the captain
controls the Paras see that's what I'm
thinking or maybe not the captain
but somebody the captain works for it
controls the parents yeah I don't think
that it originates with the captain and
all those other than may seems smarmy
enough to mean the type mm-hmm yeah but
not smart enough yeah and it seems like
the more twisted the person is the more
likely they are to be drawn into the
darker aspect of this that the control
part you know the possession yeah
sometimes I mean Larkin seemed fine
until he wasn't right but he had that
big tattoo on his stomach
I'm sure but he didn't come across as
twisted until I saw his eyes go black he
was possessed birth by something in fact
that's what caused Jackson Elias to
shoot him that I
saying I was indisposed but I knew I
found out a few other things around that
hmm the voice actress has made a
terrible decision so when you you have a
moment of like in your head there's this
recollection like you get a vision in
your head when you were in the juju
house when you when you when you met
silas and quani after after the little
kerfuffle when you were leaving
mmm he used your name and you had not
told him your name that's right Oh
interesting and then he drove off on a
all the shows have now had pirates you
got it that should be the title next
episode pirate shark parrot yes I don't
pander okay
don't pet it about Peter today me all
right so it's getting a little late man
said my name when we were at the juju
house did he wait just coming back to
Bob Smith Bob's new archenemy actually
we should be des theoretically is dead
he should be dead but I don't think that
the wait but so much going on II the
thing the way that things have been
going I don't trust that someone is yet
until I've taken their pulse and even
then without their heart out yeah sorry
not DND my bad and then our heroes rip
the heart moving a heart is a very
definite way to feel amber shall we say
I have another drink Alliance exactly
can I have a tire - Jackson Elias -
killing vampires me - killing Carrie
Siri Oh
cilantro it's like Peruvian garlic
they're saying salon cha which is the
gala can you say cilantro there we go
there we go right so I guess the real
question that we have to ask is are we
going to keep pursuing this that seems
tell everybody that's where we're going
it's hot and it's muggy but we can tell
everybody that's where we're going I can
book too full you know like four flights
out to floor fuel expensive expensive
yeah okay which we could book train
rides down there and then everybody
thinks that's where we're going and then
we can go where everyone you could
actually catch a ship from Florida to
London - it would probably win a Ron
eclis would probably go to New York and
then you'd get on but you know if you
wanted to sort of so here's the thing
though I think that once we leave here
might not salt that I loved is that
whoever is really behind brain not
functioning Robson that's a yes I don't
know if we're gonna shake him I'm
assuming it's a him probably probably
Hannah it's that easy once we get out of
New York Robson is not unknown not a
problem
there will be more robsons though yeah
is it Rob snob Tsin yes there will be
more robsons hmm yes because if this is
something that's big enough to reach -
pardon Africa and Peru and New York we
have to assume there's fingers and eyes
everywhere which is why I'm asking is
this something that we're going to
commit to because the last time that we
tangled with something like that
and I nearly died you log nearly died it
was I really don't I not thought I'd
never see another one of those parrot
chicken piranhas just keeps kicking now
swim you know I mean I don't I'd never
thought I'd see another one again I
don't surprised it and this one's got
blue blood I was and I was covered in it
is he a so was i it was disgusting it
smelled funny didn't didn't viscous it
didn't smell quite like blood exactly a
little bit but not quite right well my
whole life has been surrounded by the
supernatural so I meant to do this good
Sheree us about we're going to land on
the teeth exactly I'm thinking maybe we
should figure out what these things are
cuz then you can all stay in my flat in
London and then it makes life easier
then we'll have a hole in your house in
London I I have I have accommodations in
London as well hmm oh that would be
interesting pets you can experience yes
but if you but what is this thing is
this thing a spirit is it a it's a
physical animal I only control the
non-physical hmm I had a thought look at
but if there was a way I mean gosh it's
just I I don't know about you guys but I
feel out gunned by that thing
don't even have guns I just think in
chicken wings that being said we did
hold our own with just the two of us and
the early yeah that was not barely that
shot that you did was astonishing well I
just figured head last time I shot it
three times the last time it showed us
three times in the gut point-blank and
it didn't hardly anything to it so I'd
yeah
heads seemed to be a very reasonable
target
mmm so back to the main question cuz
then if we choose to accept this mission
I have a list of questions I have
created a list all right well then let's
settle now if we are in this because
once we're in I let another cigarette
spoilered if you're not in it roll up a
new carrier but the characters would
actually want to connive yeah because
the last time that I got involved with
something like this I lost a lot and I I
guess I don't have that much more to
lose at this point
but if it's any comfort death isn't the
end of everything I know
no I could be second in to your ghost
army that's also a lot of comfort I'm
really gonna have to clean up my act
it's not that warm fuzzy for the Vatican
you're fine oddly well I like their
deals like ask for forgiveness
everything's fine say like what three
Hail Marys
concessions are getting more i I may
have to come and have a word with a
priest at some point no no if we're
going diving into this we probably want
something on our side too exactly yeah
that's on the list I would like to meet
the Pope though me to kiss the ring at
the Train I think it's yoren's express
our old friend it's under repairs after
being blown up still rebuilding the
rails we are here's the thing at the a
at the end at the end of the day I'm I
have let's say particular skills and
generally I wouldn't get involved with
something like this but these bastards
came into my house yeah do you don't do
you feel safe in New York or if ice if I
stopped being involved I think they
would leave me alone because the captain
would look at that and go yeah she's
living a normal life a guy I mean - I
doubt he's - Scott me to do ding huh
it's I think it's a 50/50 shot either
way and honestly I would like to get a
knife into one of those things again I
am awfully tired of people coming into
my house wings like some stitches or
something of protection on my person is
because I feel all right which ones do
you need I got she knows nobody occult
protection symbols are my things
oh because that would be so here's my
list all right let's go super drunk acid
ever who's controlling the parents step
1 we need to come up with a better code
name for them they're they're the team
they're their love their baseball team
the parents the Harlem parrot trotters
[Laughter]
my next one was read the book are you
talking about the Jackson lies yeah with
the leather or we need to find an expert
on tribes of blabbity blah blah blah hmm
no room yeah Charlotte today
unfortunately the main one you know just
died do I know anybody at the University
that specializes it specifically you
yeah yeah I mean you you you knows
people who specialize in the
anthropological side and the
anthropological side does not take
kindly to talk of cults and blood
sacrifices ancient mythologies and yeah
hmm
we should also visit Erica Carlisle and
find out what was the impetus for his
brother her brothers expedition like
what was that one key piece of evidence
that said let's do this okay I think I
totally agree
but I really do think that if we go to
her house it will definitely tip off
captain Robson yes instantly she's in
New York
she and that'll be the first season like
Scarsdale so she's in you know she's she
is like a Asian Florida to a big mansion
pretty of you she's I mean you you would
know her because you travel in these
circles and actually you would know her
she is a socialite she's very
philanthropic she spends a lot of money
gives a lot of money to charity
um but she's also a very shrewd
businesswoman are there any shows or
expeditions opening up or any studios we
forget
I invited to a gala yeah it is it to an
opera gala because Alexandria has
opinions on that know most of the stuff
that that she does is like charity
auctions okay I'm like that the sort of
thing that I would have gone to as a
fellow guest right I so Picaro a dress
so if I go this we can we're about the
same size I think we got we can totally
get you go seed up but we're exactly the
same size skulls and talk to her to be
more yeah on the down-low
yes yeah I mean because we're gonna be
followed to until we leave he really
wants us to leave he wants us to go out
to the land of monkey mosquitoes that's
right Bob Smith enemy number one he's
still alive which is highly possible
channeling Jackson Elias could be a
zombie or a parent another theory we
should to sound out their theory
seriously you're still worried about it
no no no I'm challenging you challenging
you right now super drunk oh you need to
tell me who's that what's his name again
Bob Smith what's that Bob Smiths eyes in
that parrot yes what yes yes why is it
yes so Bob Smith is the parrot
oh my god we need to kill that parrot
immediately that's what I'm saying and
eat its wings I promise you it's gonna
be a big hit if he's like put in a fryer
mr. Kentucky websites red tight red
straightened out candy king I know who
loves popcorn no no and then I totally
agree that we need to go see you know
what I should write to up all the very
and find out like how do you channel a
demon how do you protect well speaking
yes it's go back to my house
is there a channeling demon there sounds
like a great idea best idea yeah but we
could put a circle up in the backyard or
say is your backyard a forest it's not
small Oh
sounds reasonable all right let's go
Boris but it's not small I know how did
you miss the fact Octavius rich I'm
married to a doctor I am she's got 75
credit rating no more than me love doing
you know but like wait what is your
house even safe cuz we're all being held
and you know what's wrong with the four
of us going back to my house there's
nothing actually at all my husband might
not like it
oh wait he might be I don't know he's
out of town would you possibly be okay
with us summoning a demon
[Laughter]
what days Steve the weaknesses Oh
Tuesday point question so it's it's it's
still the seventeen yeah seventy
depending on what day and whatever day
of the week that was because that
actually important let me see here
we have a meeting with Jonah if there is
anything that Kaos agents has taught me
it's be aware of what so like maybe we
should do the meeting with Jonah first
and then someone's email toxic plan may
be stopping at groceries yeah get some
cheesecake well go to a ball later no
cuz I want to know like I want to try
and put the okay nevermind no no no so
if chicken wings here is coming after us
but we don't know chicken wings is it
today is Friday
perfect so I know we have all weekend to
summon demons my husband likes to go
golfing on the weekends and he plays
cards on Sunday so he'll be going all
weekend so we should be you have plenty
of time to do it sounds lovely you get
rid of him for the weekend so like if
chicken with him at us how do we put
chicken wings back at a toll if he's a
demon that's impossible but if he's not
and he's just some creature then it's
not gonna do anything stab at multiple
times that's also enough
shoot it maybe sharpen the crucifix and
then stab I have a I have a whetstone in
my carpet bag of course I think we've
come up with the code name chicken wings
do kill those chicken wings know anybody
if I had I had my repertoire of people
that might know anything about strange
demons chicken wings a demon how did I
come across it cuz it moved chicken
wings pooped it booth so wait a minute
what was that number that you're like
credit 39 out of 17
she knows vehicle Wow freezy are you a
demon look into my eyes so there's so I
mean by like in a cult sort of parlance
it could be a demon but I mean demon
means so many different things you know
demon is demon is a a catch-all among
various societies or cultures for things
they don't understand right and the you
know you're starting to learn that there
are things that we don't understand that
this is how we try and understand them
mm-hmm and so you think it's one of
those things that you just don't
understand
mm-hmm and maybe some of the stuff that
you know about Diamond avoidance and
that sort of thing might be useful
because hopefully some of it is you know
grounded in things that worked centuries
ago
right but maybe it isn't you know maybe
it's you know it's like the analogy I
would give you is you're trying to avoid
the bubonic plague by knowing the
nursery rhyme ring-around-the-rosy ah oh
boy
you know sort of the folklore mm-hm
around these things but you don't even
know what this thing is really right
yeah and that was kind of my question
cuz my knowledge of what demons are our
only ethereal items that are items you
know think can be purchased and
non-physical yeah right that possess a
human yeah this is completely out of my
realm I do have the blood so examples of
the blood and the teeth can I do some
kind of seance to understand what this
creature is if it's of this realm or
another row
you don't please let's go to her woods
that's a great best place ever state she
has in the state it is so clean this
right now very nice house yeah it's
midnight we're doing a best time ever
ready let's do so what a cycle of the
moon that was actually like in Google
that I'm gonna tell you because that may
or may not become germane oh right you
mentioned something about that
yeah use I've ever swing by church and
get some holy water before any of this
game exactly we might need some the
moon's about today's the 17th the moons
about a week away from being new so the
moon ok so just waiting yes so the best
time to do demon summonings would be the
dark moon the day before a new moon and
so in a couple days probably okay Sunday
your party demon summoning yes around
Sunday or Monday if I well right so the
moon's gonna be new on the twenty fourth
twenty twenty or twenty second yeah that
time a man would deal with the things
day I don't think we have that much time
to wait but you know good so you could
just try I mean you don't think a seance
will not summon this thing hey Ally
no because you're just trying to figure
out what it is but kind of the realm
between or the veil between the realms
lessons during the dark and new moon and
the full moon mm-hmm so those are the
times that are the best yeah they're
there power will be its weakest at that
essentially so I can right mm-hmm
absolute you know so a full moon haven't
you noticed the crazies tend to come out
during full moon yeah I used to work at
it's not haven't you seen low tide and
high tide it's actually scientific fact
that the moon affects us this is because
we're like some hands-on waters yeah and
now
so that's why my feet are bloated don't
you get a little crazy over the full
moon so I just can't get into my boots
in the full moon so it so what you're
saying is essentially we are anxious
bags of water yes that's just a load
around exactly hoping that a parrot
bursts out but in a lot of cultures like
you were saying the the the face of the
moon actually does dictate what kind of
magic you can cast and the intensity
level of these creatures and so and so
forth full moon ultimate power
that's why eclipses are so powerful
there's so many cultures that talk about
and I just kind of go on a little bit
about basically with every every culture
right essentially so are you guys
keeping your hotel rooms dogs no yes are
you moving to her please I don't you
like we need to do some kind of weird
diversions I'd like to like I think they
up a hotel but go to your house probably
stay there do the whole order thing and
then what went to London what floor are
we on you were on the 12th floor oh Lord
I was going to say go out the window but
no thank you
I value my life fire escapes will be fun
there in any event you go to her place
tonight ventrally make me a power roll
can I assist 44 out of 60 okay so as we
talked about with your sort of use of
magic you like handle the teeth and if
you fail the power roll you get a lot
better connection if you make the power
roll like you're you're sort of you know
you're you're I think we called it sort
of your Eastern brain Western brain kind
of and your Western brain is in charge
but you do get a as you're handling the
things you see one very brief vision and
that is Silas and Quan a looking right
he goes my meds
and he's looking right at you and then
he he holds out his hand and he blows
and the vision dissolves Silas is behind
this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
you look frustrated alright bird parrot
chicken wings is probably controlled by
Silas and quani that's this is kind of
the vision that I had and he blocked me
from it he knew I was there you knew I
was watching can i the teeth mm-hmm I'm
gonna see if there's anything I can
sense from them as I stare at them you'd
have never had that sort of experience
you know you you're she she's an actual
medium she connects with this stuff
you hold the teeth and you have some
very painful memories of what those
teeth have done to you but you don't
really get any sort of vision or sense
or anything like that I have the blood
to do you a lot of vile do you want to
try and do something that similar with
the blood yeah I guess I'll try to sense
with the blood as well or important to
your hand or something yeah you would
need to have a connection with the blood
right out so I take a little bit put a
drop on my hand and make a power rule
wait that I roll the same thing all
right so yeah you drop a little blood in
your hand and it just dissolves and they
can all see about having well
interesting do you think and you were
covered in it but it does do that for
you no but if Silas is behind this and
saw you he might be using it to block
you I would like a psychic connection or
something what happens if
the chicken wings goes poof everything
else
well the teeth okay I'm gonna grab your
hand and the drop of blood on it just to
see again so I dropped blood on Emma's
hand does it fizzle out
nope it stays there holds of 50 and you
have a power of 75
can I take can I a strap elate with
those two skills way to concentrate on
the the teeth to kind of like look into
them because they're a technique I could
like pull up in my I mean so this is you
know that's all theoretical to you like
you have no idea how she does what she
brings I'm still gonna try give you
protection symbols that's the speak the
best magic you can - okay cool no - for
colds so I just don't get it and then I
thought you're excited for her I'm a
I've rolled a 24 under 75 so that's
critical toddler firing off a gun no no
and I was me a hand cannon so one of the
teeth buck yeah thanks
the teeth are warmer than they they feel
like they're warmer than the oh okay but
is it a good warmth bad one that's not a
good warmth that's like that's like a is
it like searing into my hand type it's
not searing it's more like if they've
been held in like sweaty hands for like
a long time is it so it's not magical or
it doesn't seem natural the teeth are
whining that's amazing
bells you look upset let's hate they're
sweating
the teeth are I'm sorry what yeah that
might just throw holy water at her I'm
just like that's what I was gonna use
for the sale but I can now we can holy
water chicken wings out of existence at
least in my head that's what's happening
that's actually a decent point you never
use the holy water on chicken wings no I
did it and it's all hold on so I'm gonna
take like I love how this is turning
into a science experiment and it would
like a small plate please
Jeeves no then you probably don't want
any more get a planter perfect put a
drop of blood put the holy water alright
now what happens yes these are doing
this on my table
yes alright it's you can get it no I go
and get some newspaper fail fail fail
fail fail
dammit I made it alright they'll
never hear it calling a flood in the
water start to interact and for the
briefest second you would swear that
they're like swirling but then they stop
like and like magnetic like yeah yeah
okay cool but then it stops and then
they're just sort of you know the now
it's watered down blue blood mmm do you
want some help with that so it is
patently clear to you that you have no
idea what's going on yeah maybe holy
water effects
but we only know what we don't want the
teeth anymore thank you crumples of
teeth laughs I wouldn't want to touch
those personally they look like sand
well that's all I got I'm sure it's on a
plate well here's here's the thing
though boughs we we know more than we
did before that's true
can we weaponize holy water well
technically it is a weaponized butter
squirt guns like insects brain pumpkins
but also to the holy water sprinklers
yeah with the holes on top and it's full
of holy water and they do this as they
as you walk out of mass they sprinkle
you can you get me one
yes cool absolutely like things that I
don't know because I wasn't raised
Catholic do we have to say something we
I think I don't know yes see God Joran
for a second I was being me and all
right so I think that's gonna end this
session you've connected some dots
you've unconnected some dots you have
next time for sure I also wanted to
ransack her library hmm okay
yeah well I see you do more research on
messages okay and that you have tickets
for a gala the gala is but it's gonna be
Saturday night so it's gonna be tomorrow
night but we also have to visit Jonah
yeah
Jonah's in the morning in the morning
that's fine again
Jonah summoned demon ball we're gonna
I I can't imagine glad you got that
reference good references I can't
imagine that any of those things will go
wrong we ran out into the woods lost a
great nice team and somebody decided for
demon somebody yeah right that might be
the title what do we do not someone a
demon right so my my my boots for quote
of the session or keep killing it just
be as Simeon estación Lee say parents
those parrots aren't working alone and I
don't want to go to Florida that's a
life choice but that's not a title that
I lived in Florida and I don't
understand
let's go mister Kentucky you mean
Colonel Sanders know what you think was
quoted the episode and we will be back
next week when apparently will be
summoning demon yeah what could possibly
go wrong I've got a date to the ball we
have we have Florida go into the blue
fortunately I have you to stay over very
nice point it's day over early sort of
before they go into the boy shame I
didn't ruin everyone in his time so far
the boy and then flora carry over to
next week sweetheart wrote it down yes
but wait we we put four and oh yeah the
trave yep anything over four wing over
four has to get put in next week is next
week the start of our guest or I think
so alright so next week we might we
might have a guest player Emma might
decide the demon summoning is not
something that she is toward that my
life is just yeah darn real-life Maya
even if M is not here we hope you will
be and we will see you next week
you
