Kind: captions
Language: en
[Music]
you
hello internet friends and welcome to
quests and Cthulhu I forget to do that
every now and then but that's what we're
going thank you so much for joining us
here at quests and chaos now I have to
switch that that gets very confusing we
really appreciate you being here with us
it's great to be back at the table I
look forward to this every Wednesday
first big announcement we're very
excited Kubla Khan is coming up Memorial
Day weekend we are gonna be all over
Kubla Khan Friday night
come join the quests and chaos board
game party I promise you I guarantee you
you will play a game you've never heard
of before and I will probably bring it
we're playing board games we don't know
where yet we figure it's gonna be in the
evenings gonna be on a table spoken like
someone has never been to Kubla the
floor will tweet it out so when we know
where we are we'll make sure that our
social media blasts out which table were
at and where you can find us Saturday we
have a live stream ooh and again I
cannot stress enough if you have ever
wanted to heckle a D&amp;D game this is the
time to do it just have a rule book
right behind Thomas and go that's a 5
footstep rules I'm gonna show up and
talk I have an hour about how elf is a
class and race it's gonna be very
exciting so don't you don't do that at
on Prostate please so we hope we see you
at Kubla Khan haha it's gonna be a lot
of fun we're really looking forward to
it the live stream is going to be great
that's gonna be a Kaos agents game so
who knows what kind of wackiness they're
gonna get into I've heard chaos I've
heard there might be some special guests
and that sort of thing
I have volunteered to be a Foley that
day so I'm just gonna be in a table
behind them with coconut shells and it's
gonna be great and then and I'm gonna be
heckling the whole time so what's your
taco the thing we do not discuss yeah
Tov Luc so cou pecans awesome libres
Arcana we gave away some of those that
that beautiful set of dice that amy
defiled deep layer we have more dice
coming every month from them and you can
get dice from them whenever you want go
to I'm gonna guess libres Arcana calm
might be for you leave us Arcana calm
and if you use the code chaos you're
gonna get a scratch back and there's
nothing wrong with that
we give we take it's how it works board
games we are all over board games quests
and cardboard is we've we've got
betrayal legacy that we played through I
never won not once
know what I did out a girl freaking
strong baby killed me several times and
I was yeah the last episode it was not
my finest moment yeah James won again
hashtag James was so we've got we got
the trail legacy we've got the blue
Hayden is continuing Tasi and James and
sigh and I having a really good time
sometimes Thomas gloom Haven is awesome
we have a pandemic legacy playing right
now with mainly that I think it's like
the chaos the audience basically inside
except me and Warren okay that's very
fun and it's especially fun to watch
Thomas struggle with the names friends
come with me now as we look at a map of
[Laughter]
Arkansas so and they've got we've got
a lot more boardgame of fun coming I
have a ridiculous board game collection
and we it goes back 20 years but it's
also I spend way too much money on
Kickstarter so we've got a lot of nice
coming I have shirts older than sign
let's find the game that came out once I
was like three so we have all sorts of
things we're gonna do some one offs
where we just play a game once or twice
we're gonna do some stuff where we keep
playing legacy games there's been some
talk of maybe a mythos related board
game showing up there could could happen
soon very exciting last thing is we have
inspiration so first of all lat we ended
last session with for inspiration but
those shortly and then last night
actually
tamago Toro was nice enough to make to
guess some bits for inspiration and the
GM just decided the players didn't
deserve it and so take the roles for it
and you guys get REME don't stop I was
we're teaching consent through pitch
those were actually gifts for my friends
Stone who subscribed a while back and he
was like you guys you guys need more
inspiration tokens I'm a bard you should
write things on the backs of these okay
so we did I don't know who wrote that
but I don't want to know it's my
terrible hand it's tradition it has to
happen we have another inspiration 500
bits from my favorite GI Joe villain the
Baroness yes yeah and let me tell you
what's the class every other day that I
had gone through all of the Cobra
characters I was wrong yeah I was
totally wrong because there was a Cobra
villain that I don't even remember I may
have done some deep dives here yeah
so Cobra was full of terrible ideas they
were really they were like the apple
dump the best of the worst like a
reference no no none of us but the
Cobra was terrible me about know doc
they had the great idea to reincarnate
somehow the greatest general the world
has ever known and turned him into a
Cobra bad guy
so the Carthaginian general Hannibal hmm
was a member of Cobra right I was called
him and that's right he didn't have a
gun he had a sword or a shield the whole
time and there it is and cobras and
worse is the worst
so there's your GI Joe moment for this
podcast so sometimes we play Cthulhu on
this day - what and we last week we had
[Music]
you can give us more yeah we're always
happy to have nobody likes a backseat
producer video screen don't pull back
the veil like that we want them to think
oh now he's writing mean things we have
adult warning Chet you tell us what you
think blushing back I've never got any
strands mom no my my beautiful wife says
that his time has passed I was the one
sometimes we play Call of Cthulhu on
this like forty minutes before we catch
up with natural ones announcement I want
to apologize by the way for the idling
car next door that you may or may not
hear we certainly hear it yep yeah it
gives a nice rhythm to everything
there's something under the ground yeah
yeah yeah yeah we've got some rumbling
going so and periodically my inner
Alexandria wants to go over and have a
chat from his from his grotto the
Heffner that was hot in spirit see the
Hefner's head this hills is he thinking
about Ted again so you fought a parrot
you parrot ruined a house you Merman
decided to be complicit in framing an
innocent man I don't remember that
details
yeah you decided to do in the in the
name of expediency that's right you you
met the you went to the reading of the
will of Jackson Elias well after we went
to the funeral then you were in an
episode of fast and furious right now
where's mr. diesel we're playing we're
playing Cthulhu drift it's gonna so you
you met the lawyer you there was reading
of the will there was a posthumous
letter from Jackson Elias who
essentially charged you happily he
funded you but he charged you to find
out what happened to the Carlisle
tell them that it works this is a great
argument for electric cars we wouldn't
hear that if the seriously now it's also
the other opposite don't look for
electric cars is the fact that it's
really easy to get hit because you don't
hear commenting this guy's on the stream
[Music]
I actually so I actually looked at that
because I was I was talking last week
about what what fifty thousand dollars
would be in you know 1927 right and what
it would be now thousand dollars it is a
lot of money to play with
very handy amount yes so and again go to
Vegas you will be reimbursed so you have
to submit the expense reports we have to
have the cash first yes yes they're not
fronting working yeah although in the
20s you could do weird things like you
could wire a bank for cash you could
just write a check to cash they give you
money and then they do your whole
account thing wire fraud was wildly
prevalent in the 20s because cheque
clearing took so long yeah so there's
all sorts of bizarre stuff around that
um so yeah you are now agents of the
dead Jackson Alya be passed on and you
are working to figure out what happened
to the Carlisle's petition and as we
closed you went through sort of your
clues and you looked at a bunch of stuff
there and get the Beautiful Mind thing
yeah teeth dissolved in my hands yes
yes you you ended up back at dr.
Aldridge's estate in the backyard
attempting to possibly were you trying
to commune with the spirit of the parrot
beast yeah basically all right okay
and unfortunately I'm pouring holy water
had a much of yours that's true yes the
lovely blue blood by the way weird thing
I learned this week apparently
hummingbirds are jerks
yes like hummingbirds are famously like
super aggressive angry
and Orion you know you you go like oh
they're little and cute and Park Rangers
on sake well they're little oh my god
that's me I was about to say you're
around a bunch of really tiny women you
should you should be aware of how all
their little butt so the your you're
back in her state and you have tickets
it's Sunday the 18th yes or it's gonna
be Sunday the 18th real soon
and when you you have tickets to a gala
at Erica Carlisle's estate which is a
little bit out of town it'll it'll be a
drive to get there and this morning you
were planning on going to meet Jonah
Kensington did we we also didn't fully
try and summon the bird yet yeah you're
just seeing she bells like was able to
get a little bit of a push feeling from
it but nothing sort of concrete and then
the doctor couldn't get any sense of it
and I think you actually made your pal
role and so you couldn't channel the TV
I encountered Silas in Quanah and then
he saw me and then got stopped yes yes
he noticed you and cut you off and so
yes the juju house is definitely on your
list of things that you can choose not
to deal with if you're fine with you
know horrible things happening alright
no Savannah fire the arson is always an
answer so yeah you are you are at the
howl at your house which is you know
across the river from New York it's a
short while there and you had planned to
meet Jonah Kensington who is was elias's
publisher for his books and he said at
the funeral that he had some information
that he would love to pass on to you my
Diaries or something right he's gotten
some notes from Jackson and that sort of
thing
and you know that Jackson was working on
the the Carl expedition and you in your
spare time you did a little research and
you have like new spare time was that
let's see here you have a map of the you
you made a note of the root of the
Carlisle expedition which I just have to
find it in here we totally did it it was
fine I know this is this is you know
this is that like the London to Egypt -
yes I'm gonna go on safari yes cuz yeah
it's it's not a yeah that's basically
the loop is they left New York to London
they give you information rolling it
went to Cairo and then from Cairo they
went to Kenya and I'm just gonna keep
shuffling these cappers sound good maybe
you don't have it well there you go but
the mysterious thing then would be you
know why did Jack why was Jackson Elias
in Shanghai yes hi and why did he have
that that matchbook yes the the bar that
sired that spells really wants to go to
yes well and also we had the first three
letters of the boat and it was a British
ship so I yeah yeah I don't know that
ties into the London and that's just
good you know you don't know enough
about the ship to like really look up
any sort of logs or anything but you
know that that was in Shanghai where
that took place so that's that's
something okay so it's the morning of
this place do you want to try and you
know let Silas know more about you and
commune with this blood that you have
blood magic
so like blood magic is the real stuff
behind of terrifying blood magic is you
know blood magic is that's what primal
yeah
nothing ventured nothing gained I mean
that's one way to go about it but I'm
the one risking my life
yeah and my sanity that's why that was
Tiana saying that not Alabama well what
do you guys advise I come out with a
tray of breakfast assortment I know
you're doing good magic otherwise the
t-shirt is breakfast before blood man so
the question I posed to the group is
because by folk my drunken list included
who's controlling the parent and I think
we know the answer to that so if we
choose I list yes so if we do something
like talk to the talk to the blood or
whatever you do if I don't know right
now not ask questions that score what
would the question be like what's the
other answer I mean cuz really I think
my end game would be how do I kill that
parrot expeditiously so that we don't
roll buddy Silas mmm buddy is a strong
word I was right to you know be rude to
him
maybe that's why he's coming after it
yeah because that's it I don't respect
elders that's true no no no that was a
different guy well nobody's you know
your name but he knew my name yeah did
and after he said your name is when you
got attacked mm-hmm it's almost like
telling everyone who you are and what
your address is is a bad idea this is
gonna work never mind that I never I
never gave them my address and yet that
was the address they turned up at well
that's where you went yeah see I invited
them to please please come meet my
same though anyway all right what zone
breakfast are in blood match are you so
you are okay
what do you want to get out of this what
is your goal here yeah that's kind of
the question cuz the only thing I would
want to know is how to kill this more
effectively or how to not have one show
up you don't mean just to stop whatever
yeah awarding yeah I can make a warding
with the blood but then we won't be able
to use it for contact it's one or the
other
do we really I want so to make a make it
a cult rule no but I would rather not
run into a third dammit seven that's
ninety seven awesome so hope you have
insurance so you remember that that
Ward's done with yeah wards are the best
way to do with blood blood magic yeah
blood magic totally makes strong Ward's
definitely doesn't call whatever it is
sure making a cult role you don't now
let's let's be honest here blood magic
is not your thing sure it's not so
making a cult role alright if you get a
hard success let me know totally did huh
alright 22 out of 60 all right so
everything is everything you've read
says that blood magic is not protective
in the least its destructive magic
because you its birthed out of pain
mm-hmm in all of my time and all of the
histories all the times they speak about
blood magic or anything it's it's dark
it's it's evil it's primal it's not
protective you I disagree a fact here
let me show you like oh is it by any
chance can I find it
sure you may find a book you like to
roll your eyes when the book comes out
and I go oh he's I think you might have
flipped
and if that this is like alright let me
explain this for you D and D people yes
this is like the wizard sorcerer schism
you're a sorcerer she's a wizard ah
books are for nerds and sorcerers burn
stuff down their undisciplined and odd
is not for protection it's for for
control maybe or for summoning or you
know doing control yeah well and that
simmer down we won't it could like
summoning and gentleman and open it
right yeah but controlled of creepy bird
shark parrot though can we the other
chicken promise only gonna bait they'll
be you for so long the other love the
chicken piranhas it is yeah I'm hungry
again now the other possibility bells is
maybe use it as a link to send a spell
back as an attack type of thing hmm
if it can't be used to defend us against
them it might be indirectly attachments
perhaps to five years ago Emma would be
like this is insane now I'm just like
really like yeah come to this plane kind
of banishment perhaps to you could do
that I like the sound of that one I also
like the idea of sending an attack back
at it we did weaken it really
substantial is that possible you so
everything you've done with Magic has
been you work with spirits yeah I saw
but you know the spirit might be able
you know you you've sent spirits to do
things that maybe have been you know if
it seemed to always happen off-screen
yeah but you you you don't have any sort
of three kingdoms wants to celebrate
[Laughter]
friend right she's lid yeah you did you
that wasn't even James doing a sniff see
if it was made in the USA
Oh God you're doing perfect Colleen so
you can you can save this vial of
vileblood you can use it now well it
isn't the full moon so I would want to
do any kind of intense spell work like
that during the strongest time they said
it was it was the darkman that the nari
one who's coming up any one a couple
days yeah I actually have a page for
diseases of the moon hi 18 25 27 isn't
it yes if you want to hide or begin
something new no it's 25 sorry Alexander
is 27 oh that's before you want to be
traced I think doing something during
the new moons probably wise makes it
more difficult for those trying to see
with
yeah New Moon protection socials and
stuff those are very easy to do need
I'll take your word for that this is not
my world the full moon was last week so
today is Saturday the 17th the moon is
in its last quarter the new moon will
indeed be one week from today the 24th
well yes the morning so it's it's just
about waning the moon just about waning
the 24th will be the new moon okay so on
the 24th I can make protection signals
and symbols for all of us or do we want
to hang on to it and see well not with
the blood that's very orally stock shake
it with the blood that's gross but for
the blood I would want to do either the
dark moon which is the day before on the
23rd or a full moon
either of those work well the dark moon
is significantly sooner and if we wait
for the next full moon we may be here a
while I was thinking more dark moon
because it is a darker creature but
professor what do your books say if you
have to know what my books say go and
pick them up there want to know what my
mind says from reading all those books
the joint thing is yes the hiding magic
will occur during the new moon that's
smart this is wise if you want to do a
powerful strike during the full moon
that's the way that most the Egyptians
did it the Aztecs the Mayans often time
the Sun was used as an energy source as
well so you can do it at midday mm-hmm
just depends on what you're trying to do
we come up with a plan yeah what to do
without allowing with the blood
I think the blood is good for this is
such a serious okay
I'm excited the only thing that I have
to do with blood is when I use this to
let us and well that's a little would
love for you to collect some I asked
idols are good for that actually I ought
to close the wound
Oh triangle-shaped blade they're fun
like that
mm-hm I should invest some money and
loans I can just give you one I have a
lot IMSI six-and-a-half other still not
sure they had still it appeals in the
20s somebody on YouTube Google yes some
people know we find out the basketball
was infinity that's it yeah I was right
about the person it's just that he was
significantly older than I thought okay
so it sounds like no valid rituals will
be taking place not today
well that's just the disappointment
really I'm so so Barney left three
kingdoms for convincing them nothing in
it
thank you yeah damn you you are you so
you're gonna go see the publisher I
guess I think so yes mmm-hmm alright so
um Prospero house is on Lexington Avenue
near 35th Street a Prospero house was
the publisher of all of Jackson elias's
stuff and wait you saw him at the
funeral but you meet Jonah Kensington we
met him briefly yeah you met him at the
funeral and he invited you by and he he
the Baroness is always there for us the
Baroness says that stiletto heels by the
way I wish you all can see how Thomas
spelled like you know you can still read
it but your eyes in 1906 thank you thank
you only awesome she's informative yes I
wanted to say something but I didn't
want to be your own I don't know
fair enough I'm just letting your
spellcheck in here there should be it
would be nice just for everybody playing
at home at state J ll eto
we're like really drastic still it was t
probably very shark's tooth I was like
Stefan someone's foot and go straight
through or wouldn't like do not think
for a second Alexandra didn't wear those
two into a gala now and again so you you
you know he brings you into his office
and he's you know he just he starts with
oh it's just it's so awful about about
Jackson it really is yes I'm I'm still I
just I can't believe he's gone yeah it's
hard to believe he's just always been
there so you know you were you were
characters in his book I know that you
knew him well and I know that you've
you've seen you've had some experiences
what do you think about the official
story of his death that this you know
that that it was a cult run by that
awful man that's imprisoned I wasn't at
or do you think maybe they put that mark
on there to make people think it was a
cult of some sort I he was dealing in
some very interesting things and if he
was to get a little bit too deep he
might have angered the wrong person well
I mean he was definitely I mean he
thought he was on to something he I mean
let's see the last time I heard from him
was last month he he telegrammed from
London and he told me that he I was
hunting down leads and he was a
searching working with the Carlisle
expedition and he Karen Karen would you
bring me the Jackson Elias file please
thank you Karen and can we get five cups
of coffee
coffee coffee my mom talks like that my
mom says Washington instead of
Washington to be fair I I didn't say
Florida instead of Florida I know the
right way to do it and I still say it
wrong nobody we apologize to our Florida
especially Florida man we do not yeah
there is we continue to use our super
friend
Alaska man is trying to catch up the
last yeah Alaska man cannot Florida man
reign supreme
I'm sorry Florida man yeah follow the
road that was Alaska man like he's got
quite a read it been going on
so he's deep man yeah clan oh speaking
which I was Kentucky man doing so he
caring I'm having him brings you all a
cup of coffee
Thank You Kara and brings some notes so
the first one is a letter that he got
from Jackson Elias in August of 1924 it
was from a hotel in Nairobi Kenya and it
said dear Jonah big news there's a
possibility that not all the members of
the Carla expedition died I have a lead
though the authorities the authorities
here deny the cult angle the natives
sing a different tune you wouldn't
believe the stories some juicy notes
coming your way this one may make us all
rich
blood and kisses Jackson that is amazing
off blood and kisses I have a quick
question wait a minute we're in what
year in 1925
this is 1925 so that was about five five
months ago oh can you Airy okay so mr.
Kensington because you said that you
were becoming more and more concerned
about him was that it so was that
signature common for him or was that
something that sort of progressively got
stranger no make I mean cuz to me
they never swayed rule
like I think that's under P Oh somebody
else can do that yeah 97 I pretty much
spill my coffee this laughing yeah he
doesn't want to talk he's like that was
the second 97 awesome where are those
libras Arcana dice when we need them
right mailed off somewhere so this
Dyson so he does you get it he gives you
that letter
thank you but like he he like justice
yes well it became clear that Jackson
was not doing well mentally as he
progressed in his communication did do
you happen to have those notes that he
sent and did he tell you who he believed
was still alive from the Carlile
expedition he did not he let's see here
so he pulls out a folder like he
basically pulls this out and it looks
like these are all notes from Kenya from
Nairobi and so it's gonna take you a
while to go through this stuff after
that 97 Kensington won't let this leave
his office down sorry so if you want
to go through this stuff
it's good we're gonna you know you're
gonna need to spend a good chunk of the
day here how do you copy things in the
Sudan well so they did have mimeograph
machines which are super gross what i've
seen i've seen i've seen one of these
and they're old-school murder machines
were essentially a roll I mean you had
contact paper and you would keep rolling
it and it would like this and like the
liquid would get everywhere it was
terrible just Missy
we still had we still had one at the
school I taught at in New Orleans and we
use it because it was free
yeah like the copy machine like every
teacher only had so many copies the
minigraf machine do whatever you want
but it was like you know there was like
because it was in Louisiana they don't
have this but in California there'd be
that big sign saying these chemicals are
known to a state of
Louisiana has no idea but California is
pretty sure you're getting cancer if you
use it they are terrible horrible things
so basically Karen smoking a cigarette
[Laughter]
highly flammable so the notes are you
gonna you're gonna spend I guess the I
mean I would imagine we're yeah we're
gonna like split up the day you do cold
stuff you can hear the whole thing
just drop it in your life go get coffee
so Jonah will set you up in a conference
room those I can pass it stuff around
the table yeah the last thing that the
so he says you know sort of let's see he
got after he got that note in August a
little bit later I got a wire a telegram
from Hong Kong and all it said was just
that his inquiries were proceeding
nicely
hmm and then he didn't hear from him
again
until December when he wired him from
London and it's clear that that Jonah
doesn't want to talk about that telegram
is it around somewhere is it in the
stack of stuff it's not in the folder
that he gave you okay but I mean he he
previously alluded to the fact that
Jackson was not well yeah do you know if
he was following somebody to Hong Kong
or London like a person or was it well I
I collect I don't know that I mean he
was he was following up leads on the
Carlile expeditions
he's the extent of what I know he felt I
mean as he says in that note he felt
that like he was on to something and
then this could be a story that would
make us both rich mm-hmm so the the
Nairobi notes as as you spend the day
going for them are really pedantic lists
of everyone he visited in Nairobi
officials you know all this stuff he was
for material concerning cults and cult
rituals he mentions and you and you'll
have this you know but he mentions a man
named Roger Corydon the colonial
undersecretary for Internal Affairs and
he mentions that he met with him and
that he was dismissive and that Elias
discounts the official version of the
Carlisle Massacre which as you remember
from a news article that you got before
was that some a cult wiped them all out
and killed every one of them then then
Jackson described is 'it's the massacre
site and he describes how the earth
there is completely barren there's
nothing there and that nobody goes there
and that the locals say that it is
cursed by the god of the black wind
whose home is the nearby mountaintop oh
goody more gods then there's an
interview with someone named John Stone
Kenyatta who says the Carlisle murders
may have been performed by the cult of
the bloody tongue oh it says that the
cult is reputedly based in the mountains
and that its High Priestess is a part of
the mountain of the black wind Elias is
politely skeptical but but this but mr.
Johnstone insists upon the point in
quotes
Elias records that regional tribes fear
and hate the bloody tongue that tribal
magic is of no protection against the
cult which sort of scared to you and
and a awesome name ID brat which is like
you know I feel like that's like what
Homer Bart would call the bar Thank You
Captain America I Bret sub thanks so
much for so thank you and also J
Matthews yeah let's see we did get Jay
geils last time so me and his brother
Dave Matthews who kind of sounds like
he's gargling all the time it's weird
boy Dave Matthews jokes that's edgy
material from like eight years ago more
inspiration thank you oh by the way we
played force I said this is the video
centerfolds
is like a special bonus video request
gift
sai listens to a tee who's this why are
they talking about that why do they
objectify women okay I'm too young for
this technically before my time but I've
been listening to 80s music lately so I
mean I was Hollywood music mustafar this
it's the easiest ation to find and in
the in the car for the house that I'm
house said i'm rachel loves there's this
weird like 50 or 60 s bollywood movie
that she loves tell me I should watch
part of it on YouTube she Wieck watch
one of the dance numbers you'll have to
ask her about it cuz she like I don't
remember the name of it but it was like
it was suitably Bollywood yeah
you look so delighted yes so then there
is more of the Kenyatta interview where
he follows up on the stuff that he said
and he confirms from several sources
that the bloody tongue does exist the
but he doesn't find any first-hand
evidence of it yet
oh is that the symbol that was covered
in his forehead was the you believe that
that was a symbol of the cult of the
bloody tongue interesting I can't
remember who told you I think it would
somebody told you that I wasn't on
screen at that point so I don't remember
you know he goes he the villagers give
him sort of the standard tales of you
know children are stolen for sacrifice
creatures with great wings are said to
come down from the mountain of the black
wind to carry people off the shark
things that is not mentioned in here the
cult worships a god unknown to
folklorists one fitting no traditional
African pattern Elias lists Sam Morita
kama railway station that's his address
a man named Sam Morita Neville German
jr' jr' my Anne and again you'll have
this note so you don't need to worry
about the spine names doctor starett
lieutenant Selkirk and Colonel Endicott
as people he questioned those are the
people that he talked to most of those
are probably in the colonial government
yeah that's what I was kind of wondering
I was like are those people who did
exploration are they well so at this
time Kenya is still a British colony
yeah so it's there probably with the
colonial government and he mentions
who's that guy the colonial
undersecretary here we go Roger Courtin
in the colonial undersecretary for
Internal Affairs the joys of British
bureaucracy son never said so then you
find a single sheet that Elias makes
notes to himself about the cairo-based
portion of the Carlisle itinerary must
be examined carefully he believes that
the reason which promised Carla which
prompted Carlisle's Kenyan side trip is
on the Nile so he thinks it was
something in Egypt that triggered them
going to Kenya the official story was
but then he doesn't believe that to be
the case no no he says something he
believes something in Egypt triggered
them to go to Kenya then there's a long
interview with Luke
tenant mark Selkirk leader of the men
who actually found the remains of the
Carlile expedition importantly Selkirk
says that the bodies were remarkably
undecayed for the length of time they
lay there almost as if decay itself
wouldn't come near the place
secondly the victims had been torn apart
as if by animals the what sort of
animals would pull apart bodies so
systematically he would not guess
unimaginable inexplicable those are
quotes Selkirk agrees that the nandi's
may have had something to do with the
episode but suspects that the charges
against the ringleaders were trumped up
so the non DS a tribe took the fall
essentially for for this wouldn't be the
first time he says cynically that we
blamed the natives for something else
finally Selkirk confirms that no
Caucasians were found among the dead
only the corpses of the canyon bearers
were scattered across the barren plain
despite what was claimed at the inquest
so the bodies or the Carlile units Asian
weren't there they didn't find any
Caucasian remains interesting oh so that
makes sense why he's like I think some
people are still alive right maybe they
were taken to be sacrificed then there's
another single sheet of more you know
sort of elias making notes to himself
and he says that he ran into nails
nelson a name that means nothing to you
at the victorian bar in nairobi nelson
has been it had been a mercenary for the
italians on the Somalia's of an
Abyssinian border and had escaped into
Kenya after double-crossing his
employers Nelson claimed to have seen
Jack Brady who you know was a member of
the Carlisle expedition he claimed to
have seen Jack Radia live in Hong Kong
less than two years before Elias was in
Kenya and long after the Kenyan Court
declared that Brady and the rest of the
expedition were dead
so that would be 1923 you probably saw
him in Hong Kong Brady was friendly
though guarded and taciturn Nelson
didn't press the conversation and so a
lot and you know Elias underlined
several times Carlisle expedition alive
and then the last thing is sort of
the starting outline for a book where he
he starts to like try to group all of
this information into a way that could
be a book and it this is where you can
start to see a descent into just allege
ability where the structure of the book
makes no sense and he's clearly
struggling with it
and it has whole sections that just say
like tell what happened I had explained
why there was there was not a lot of not
a lot of anything in there and so these
are yours and again these notes are your
underlying stoie take notes do whatever
you want to do with that
I should bring like a binder for you
guys you can maybe cool I'm a I'm a
sucker for organizing things you know um
they suppose maybe so I'm a little bit
more interested in this Nelson person
who saw Jack Brady how did he spell it I
don't even wanna bum nails no whatever
is up there oh no no so I was laughing
because so last week i I was unsure how
to produce how to pronounce hedonistic
Neil and so I actually mentioned it on
face on youtube going to the
pronunciation Thomas gives me the
helpful phonetic of had a hedonistic
Neil that's how some Thomas spells
anyway but so we have one inspiration
from hedonistic Neil thank you and we
have what it's his name he can pronounce
it out of a at once and we have one from
Duke League thank you thank you so much
appreciate that stack down yeah well no
parrots
what could possibly go wrong the way you
guys were rolling today you know that
takes you until about two mm-hmm the
gala is tonight at 8:00 okay so you know
if you're gonna get suitably prim
tampered you probably need to start
thinking about that
everybody make me a luck roll Oh totally
mine I did make it but I was so much
closer than I made it coming down to the
six aha all right nope onion spiration
it oh yeah been sprayed come on
I'm not we have so much no I want to
save it for this would be a great chance
to get it to get an Amy down there yeah
I want to save it for dancing oh I've
been for Dan who's a step on people all
right yeah okay no I needed you all to
make it than someone okay fine no I
don't believe in this retroactive
inspiration crap I'm not here for you
I'm here for me - here we go
we only last time I rolled a 65 all
right it's got a long time what do you
use this 83 yes okay glad we can all be
there what number am I on am I still in
the lead oh not even a race I think I
have like two yeah it's our act that was
eight for you and Tiana's at three and
God nobody else is it to nobody okay we
have to catch up nobody else I get
inspiration you should keep track of
that for the you know for but Bowen and
Thomas you should keep track of that
with your use of inspiration see how
often they fail worse that'd be funny
we'll start a leaderboard it can go over
next to James's spill board I'm
I'm gonna be watching the natural one
episode tomorrow or later tonight and
I've been told to keep track of how many
natural ones are actually rolled it was
a lot wow they can use my dice anytime
you say you didn't write on underlying
things so you you know you're going to
spend the rest of today getting ready um
the drive to the Carlile expedition to
the the drive to the it's about an hour
out of town okay so you can all gather
beforehand you you guess by the timing
of the thing that this will be a drinks
and appetizers host dinner sort of thing
it's brandy and cigars yes I've done a
burrito beforehand
exactly
it's a yeah probably in New York it's a
slice of pizza or a bagel yeah it's the
best cream so you you head out by car
it's in Westchester so it's about it's
actually semi close to where the
professor lives in Westchester as well
this is in the really nice portion of
Westchester Wow
apparently the parrot is coming with us
I guess so the heck was that Wow wow
that was exciting like it's still going
on oh yeah that is like somebody that's
you know that sounds like two cats
that's what you're calling it two cats
over there very much what a mummy cat
daddy cat liked each other very much so
when you make a lot like bi verify you
say there's a large there's a large
taciturn man at the gate takes your
invitations and then waves you through
and you come upon the manor house which
is a very large mansion this is this is
good money these people are very
well-off and there's another guy at the
door basically waiting at the door who
is essentially watching to make sure
nobody like pulls off and you know
wanders off wanders almost somewhere
when you come inside there's a a grand
foyer your coats are taken to a coat
check and there are about a hundred
well-dressed rich people in this room
there's a there's a pianist in a room
there are hors d'oeuvres being passed
their champagne being passed
there are countless vapid conversations
going on you have the run of the bottom
floor the ground floor except there are
two closed doors one clearly leads to
the kitchen because waiters come in and
out and then there are two panel doors
that are shut on on sort of the left of
the house okay is there anybody who
looks like they don't necessarily belong
there beside this one don't try
different dice let's try this one
instead go mix and match yep much better
31 so actually that is a hard success
not you don't forget if you haven't do
skilling right so you clearly noticed
that there are several toughs
the you know guards go round okay and
that they are armed they they have bolt
you know they have bulges here
interesting and they are very they're
clearly watching you know they're
clearly like you know the there stay
there they're stationed at places like
they're making sure nobody goes upstairs
okay there's a guy at the stairs who
make sure nobody goes in there they're
making sure nobody goes in that other
room the one that's closed off and then
they're just sort of there so there's
there's those two and then there are two
that are just sort of milling about
looking at the crowd and with a hard
success you also it becomes clear you
you now recognize Erica Carlisle mmm
yeah that was kind of my other question
is have we seen pictures of any of these
people and so Erica Carlisle is walking
around the she's walking around making
small talk with people she is very
comfortable and very in control
she she she clearly has a very good
memory she when she sees people she says
something to them you know the immediate
small talk you know immediately sort of
connection sentence that sort of thing
and but she she's all she just keeps
moving like nobody pins her down to like
have that conversation that nobody want
that you don't want to have she's just
always like quickly offering a hand
saying something that gets them to laugh
and then she's on to the next person and
following her at all times is a
professional angry person just honor
Ally it is someone that I would have met
at a gala before what role or or myself
yeah my collateral to or I wrote no one
she knows everything about you rolled a
one I wrote a one okay I will show you
right just made it my three okay so you
rolled it 1 and so Eric Carla comes up
to you please and and says I'm just
please I beg your pardon we've never met
but I have several of your records I am
a huge fan
oh dear ah hello it's a it's a pleasure
to to meet you she doesn't quite make
the roll to keep the disappointment in
hearing your voice like from her face
there's like a second of pity that comes
across her face that you sadly are
probably pretty used to at this point
very familiar weather point but she like
then she catches herself and but I I um
and she's a little flustered like you
think she was gonna ask you to sing yeah
but now maybe not I hope not but I'm
really just a huge fan of your work and
it's such an honor to have if I'd known
you were coming I would have I would
have featured you in the invitation I I
appreciate that very much
I beg your pardon I'm Erika Carlisle I'm
the host for tonight oh it's such a
pleasure to meet you miss Carlisle and
and thank you so much for for joining us
I I really I can't say enough and it's
it's for such a lovely cause you know we
we write rule II believe that everybody
make an intelligence rules yeah you know
remember what the cause nope 24 oh yeah
got a baby I know it says whatever the
hey everybody who made it remembers that
this is for greyhound rescues oh thank
goodness thank you the animal yeah okay
97 very sure that this is this is her
her caused an eye-roll a vision overturn
oh boy wait which ones which the
greyhound is the real one the probation
and they're serving champagne yes
exactly I believe in your cause very
much ma'am thank you you are refined
excellent lady I could see you were a
gentleman and scholar but you're none of
those scholar I don't know down with the
champagne that's a 97 you are absolutely
correct it is such an important cause it
is it is heartbreaking to just see to
see them just abandoned like that it is
it is well the dogs don't drink what
good is this gonna do any other dog the
Great Danes do then we should go get
another one Emma yeah okay I mean will
you forgive me an impertinent question
Oh certainly go ahead I've heard stories
but why don't why don't you perform
anymore I someone passed
oh my I'm gonna sip champagne very
carefully before saying I was in a
terrible accident a few years ago and so
sorry my vocal cords were badly damaged
I was not able to speak for a couple of
years oh I'm so sorry
is there something I can do unless there
unless you know of a surgeon who can
repair severe vocal cord damage I doubt
it I I don't I'm sorry it is what it
is
I I know I know a very good therapist I
may want to have a word with them we're
talking speech therapists are like
mental therapy we're running both
directions it sounds like a mental
therapist and well she gives you a card
for a doctor Robert oh thank you
yeah Robert Carlisle yeah yeah no she
mentions that she gives you a name of a
therapist she says this is the one this
is who I went to after dr. Houston left
with the expedition mmm thank you very
much of course I will probably meet with
them I appreciate that well it was so
wonderful to meet you
so lovely to meet you miss Carla and and
please enjoy tonight I will thank you
of course and and she she look
look at that later on well look at
this no vocals just appropriate
weirdly appropriate thanks no vocals I
just upped their subscription to tear
too nice and here's a sentence that I
never thought I'd say in my life I'm
gonna wait to drink on this one opens up
the beefy girthy emote things here so
congratulations on that I mean I mean
the girth II was was us I guess we know
[Laughter]
all right so does she continue on she
keeps me but I mean she has spent the
most time with you of anyone interesting
okay so she was she's like a superfan
she yes clearly and I just like looking
down at my glass and swirling the
champagne it's like drain it I'll hand
you during the evening you you have a
couple of you know you you have mostly
just conversations that you want to
avoid as much as possible you know
people just blathering on about things
yeah but I've done this I've done I know
a lot of these over the years there's
but there's there's a lot of you know
there's there's sort of you you you hear
sort of people like talking about how
sad it is that you know poor poor
Erica's gone through so much with her
parents dying in a car crash and hers
her brother dying in Africa and and a
lot of there's a lot of slagging of the
brother of Roger there's a lot of you
know like backhanded stuff about how
much better the Carlisle businesses are
doing now that Rogers not around waste
all their money and stuff like that so
can I ask like somebody who's just gonna
chitchat with me about this like the
most salacious of the individuals who
seems to be the most loose with their
loose lips if you will hmm they think
chefs I hear I just want to know like um
just I'm gonna start with some sort of
just dumb questions like you know is he
buried here on the estate or is he oh no
he's buried in Africa yep it got really
so she didn't bother to have him sent
well I mean between you and me
absolutely I'm like here's another she
went to Africa tonight try and convince
him to come back before her before all
this happened and he wouldn't come back
and he was he was blowing through cash
had a rapid rate and I think she was
gonna try and cut him off mm-hmm
so it was primarily the estate or their
fortune it wasn't part of the pen Hugh
found a ssin or any other oh yeah it was
his own money he was having his own
money mm-hmm that's what I heard okay
but but then you know he sadly died and
he was murdered
mm-hmm and you know they can't they
there was no body like the bodies were
torn apart and nobody will go there so
no I'm so did she have a hard time
collecting the body or did she just
decide not to bring it back yes but I
don't think she was that interested
honestly you know Erika and Roger didn't
see eye to eye from jump and then when
you add in how he was running the
business it was their relationship
deteriorated quickly okay so I'm gonna
shuffle on a bit you know and be like
hmm interesting and then just shuffle on
and find somebody else to talk to her
see if I can try to find Erica again
okay yeah she said she's connect with it
yeah sure make a hmm you were with her
mm-hmm and I made it by three it wasn't
uh you were with her it's fine yeah so
you you come up the the the professional
angry guy like looks at you and then
like remembers you and like doesn't stop
you come up the professional angry guy
do a nod and eric is like oh hello hello
my name is dr. Aldridge and you saw me
earlier with Alexandria it's thought I'd
wanted to say thank you so much
is awful to hear about her voice an
Angels a voice of an angel she had
agreed
well I you're friends with her
absolutely that's wonderful
it is interesting mended about saying it
she's very kind very sweet she pays
attention to detail as well I think
that's why she's such a good musician
what an odd thing to notice about your
friends mm-hmm how can I help you doctor
I just wanted to say I know you've
been through a lot there's anything I
can do for you that I would like to
extend myself and perhaps my associates
we could help you once again she doesn't
catch herself and when you say
everything I can do for you she actually
like giggles a little mm-hmm she doesn't
put too much of the champagne oh that's
very kind I'm sure that there's nothing
you could do for me
but but please enjoy tonight well if you
change your mind and I give her a piece
of paper with our foot around it okay
here's my number
of course she hands it to the the
professional angry guy again thank you
so much and and if there's a chance to
to make a donation I would love to
contribute oh yes we'll we'll be we'll
be passing the how later thank you so
much thank you love what's the pass of
the Hat really they didn't do silent
auctions really about half an hour later
one of the guards comes up to you and
and says that you know miss Carlisle
would like to see you in the library
Oh certainly I'm gonna like whoever I
pass first I'm gonna let them know hey
Erica once he wants to see me the
library just you know keeping your open
okay yeah you all see her going there
yeah I let them know as I'm in the
library
is the room oh closed interesting so
damn near it the guy at the door pulls
the door open and lets you in and Erica
and the other and her bodyguard are
there and she has three records on the
desk and there's that there's a fire the
room is just full of books oh and she
says I am so embarrassed to ask you this
but but would you mind autographing my
my copies of your records look I have
here when you were at the Met I was oh
this is my favorite that was a glorious
evening the Aria you had eyes I would I
would be honored thank you thank you so
much so she passes the three over to you
with an pin and I like I like sit down
with them in my lap and just look at
them for a moment like yep this is what
I used to be and just like sign it and
I'm in a big flourishing hand to it to
you my dear Erika thank you she is she
is oh thank you so this is so wonderful
oh I you know you find in in life you
know there are just so few things that
bring me joy anymore and and your music
it it speaks to me and I I I'm so
thrilled I'm honored that my music could
help bring them measure him joy to you
well please I hope you won't think me
forward if I ask but if I can ever be of
any service to you please please do let
me know
I certainly will thank you and and if I
do hear of a surgeon that works on vocal
cords I would consider it my obligation
to to society to to assist you in any
way possible to to have your your your
your to have a chance at her gift
returned I deeply appreciate that Oh
thank you and may I offer my condolences
on the passing of your brother make a
yeah okay so he wasn't a fumble
there's an office word 97-2003 can
imagine he is gone but not forgotten
yeah now if you will excuse me I Oh
certainly Stan I've been like gently
putting putting putting put the records
back I'm like the little table the her
guard like they both get up to go and
they're not really concerned with like
if you're not in front of them
interesting so I'm gonna like linger
back firm for a moment just then just to
have a look at the books because okay
make me a stealth roll do okay yeah yes
13 out of 35
oh nice that's a hard success yes okay
yeah they they don't eat and in fact the
guy closes the door behind you excellent
so they come out she doesn't come out of
the library
okay oh no that's not weird time to
summon demons I just realize what that
might look like to you guys yeah are you
are you dressed like in Adam you know
yeah Jezebel oh yeah oh yeah all night
people have been asking you for readings
oh boy excellent con the rich people
here we go all right time to make some
money
time to fund our expedition petty cash
still strong enough to be miss phonies
I made it okay so you you you know
you do
several readings over the course of the
night and you how much cash do it yet so
you should do it in lieu of the
prohibition can you can make money and
lie to people about their cars or you
can tell them the truth and probably not
make as much money lie to people all
right so you like you know you you are
very good at sliding cards around and
you've your old hat at this and and you
know sort of giving them the bladder oh
well the death card isn't really about
it you know and so you you easily cover
that up and you gain five points of
credit rating oh nice yes I'm a 70 Wow
hey so so that's so that's what you
spend most of the evening doing and
people are just fascinated by it you
know they they want to know if you'll do
a seance for them and all this stuff and
con the rich people call it rich people
you actually you know you're like
passing out business cards left right
yeah they want you for their party and
and you know somebody at one point Erica
comes up mmm just I don't recall hiring
a fortune teller for this party
I'm a friend of Alexandria's well what
interesting circles she travels in
that's the truth Martinus I don't get in
trouble would you what would you tell my
fortune of course no charge of course
would you say no charge like there's a
charge average people making a cult
role
Oh hard success EXO alright so her the
that her past was a burden that has been
released
hmm and and that there is more loss
ahead hmm
do you want to tell her that hmm
like what do you start saying cuz I
could try and terribly roll a slight
hand for you oh no she she kept get like
she's she's the like she's using her
one of those things if you're like the
past was not much of a loss for you I'd
be like yeah like like someone I'm the
writer earth truth
I'm the ringer in the crowd gamer so you
get the worst the worst is over okay now
uh okay she you know she is like okay
thank you that's that's very interesting
that's so what's up very clever huh I
like the pictures mm-hmm
and she'll she'll move on wonder dude
can I tell that she's kind of like oh
yeah I can they tell that I lie or wait
you can make it I mean if I'm pretty
like oh that's all well this would be
psychology the high priests session
smells like a psychology role sure mm no
telling rich people things they want to
um so I'm still in the live you aren't
in the library so the library is like I
said just floor-to-ceiling books there's
a large window that looks out on the
snowy landscape of the guard that's
right it's January New York January no
other coats are all at coat check of
course they are it's a warm fire yes
there's a lovely fire in here tons of
books so I also find somebody else who's
more amiable to talk what I try and
figure out is is it common for Erica to
have bodyguards and especially at a
party this many bodyguards that are arms
okay is that oh not like to me that
would be it seems excessive
yeah so abnormal I'm gonna you can make
either a fast talk a persuade or a charm
role none of that through those well
they got the best one good fast talk or
what persuade probably I've thrown all
my dice away
do you want me to do you want me to ruin
that don't which which ones haven't been
the worst of all the bad blue seem to be
pretty good yeah blue got chucked into
the center because it wasn't great which
one did well though there was one of
them that was let's go to let's go full
blue here and I'm gonna go with blue
it's not bad but it's only twenty yeah I
mean really no that's the new dice 24 is
the winner so what what somebody will
tell you is that you know she has so
many events here and there are so many
valuables in the house that you know
there's always security here okay so
it's not on no she's not right this is
an uncommon and and it's I mean she has
a bodyguard who sort of is also her
gatekeeper but the the security seems
more about what's in the house got it
about her okay
well the fact that they missed me in the
library is even worse amazing now you're
you're a star they don't you know yeah
um this is some knowledge about occult
stuff that's a good question is there is
there a desk where like her personal
papers might be so there was the desk or
she had the records were the rack the
records are sitting on a desk in the
middle of the okay are there any drawers
that I that I can open and like gently
rifle through sure it seems like it's a
lot of accounting stuff okay do any of
the numbers seem weird to me make an
accounting role you know anything about
accounting not really apparently it's a
you know good eight okay so here's what
I'll give you it was like three points
above what it you know the Vegas
Ledger's that show that when Roger was
still alive
the company was bleeding money and since
he's passed away you know the company is
recovering he's recovering and is not
spending nearly as much hmm I'll give
you that thank you is there anything
else you wanted you know so you're not
sure how long
so make a luck role no no this will be
this sort of how long you have in here
fourteen out of out of fifty all right
so you make it so you can take another
action in here
excellent I want to scan the books
just just like a cursory scan and see if
anything jumps out at me that might have
anything to do with Peru or anything
that would seem familiar to me based on
our adventures thus far and what we've
learned take a spot yes spot hidden yes
okay regular success regular success I
got 32 out of 35 all right so what you
notice is that I'm good tonight there
are the books are very well organized
there are all sorts of sections and
there's a section that has books that
deal with more occult stuff there's
definitely a section that does that and
in the middle of that is a very
incongruous large tome of Poe's works
okay which which stands out yeah so I'm
going to reach out and like pull on it
and sit and and my
see if there's anything weird about it
okay you find there is when you pull it
out behind it there's like a panel
it's about shoebox-sized in the wall
okay can I open the panel sure he
opens easily there's a button very
nervous about this okay we get
inspiration we got a lot of it's brash
we do have a lot of inspiration but this
isn't a role this is a decision what
color's the button that's a good
question what does the button look like
does it look like a it might ring a bell
or open a door yes there's a search and
alarm so it's an odd thing it's it's one
of those it's a black button in a brass
skirt I'll push the button yes all right
make me a luck roll oh boy almost 91 all
right it's not a fumble there is not to
catch you on the run
uh I didn't I'm five over my luck so
terrible happened nothing terrible
happens and it wasn't an Emma yeah so
you're at the bookshelf on that wall and
you push the button the book that's the
windows the bookshelf on the wall over
here so not next to the door the door
is in that wall the bookshelf over here
slides aside mmm and there's a safe in
the wall interesting and the sliding
definitely MIT like there's a little bit
of a grinding noise like winds at the
noise everybody make me a listen roll
let me know if you get a hard success
everyone exclaiming well you know you
made a hard success no I just made it
I'm sorry there are six okay you hear
not grinding somewhere you hear like a
Oh
do you hear that unlike my fourth glass
of champagne I hear nothing for maybe
from the closed room I'm drunk off of
cash so I go off to the the slats Joe
Aleksandra like so there's a guy at that
door there I was wandering in that door
he apparently did not notice because he
is he's standing there all right
I'm gonna go over and have a look at the
safe does it look
it looks very locked I'm sure it does um
and I only had that one more action
didn't time well you can make a luck
roll to see if somebody walks in I go
and grab a drink just in case so I can
do a diversion with a guy right around a
five all right what was Omar know that
was a critical success nobody's walking
in thank goodness gonna go them like
kneel in front of it and like
experimentally twist into it and twist
the knot no first I'm gonna take my
scarf off and wrap it around my hand and
then and then twist it and my
fingerprinting is not big in the toilets
regardless
Alexandria's careful she's read Sherlock
Holmes so it's a safe it locked
have you ever cracked a safe before
probably do you have any locksmith yes I
do so you could try to locksmith but
your thing it's gonna take a while
yeah I'm I think I have overstayed what
is safe at this point because Erika is
aware of me in the party so I'm gonna go
back to the button and push it to close
that
all right the same grinding noise yeah
do I start to hear it do not like that
sound
and close that close the pan I'll put
the book back and like look around to
make sure I haven't left anything undone
okay it looks pretty much the same you
okay and then step out all right when
you so you're you're like watching you
see the library door open and the guard
that was there like Oh Alexandra there
you are here thank you thank you yeah I
knew
Erica told me you were lost in the books
up here oh wow there's so there's just
so many wonderful books in there how
could I not be
Oh feed I'm gonna need to ask you to
step away ma'am I was gonna come sircome
yes right yeah you you really really
noticed that like he takes a minute to
like look in the room mm-hmm all right
she'll I'm not getting thrown out of the
party so it couldn't have been too bad
quickly sure you down trying to find
Emma and so it's a party
you know for the rest of evening unless
people want to do something and the
decor there's nothing there's nothing
like ancient artifact eeeh about the
decor it's very modern it's a house is
very moderate okay it's all Art Deco in
fact it's conspicuously not ancient like
you feel like it's been remodeled since
in the last like 10 years maybe in the
last five years or just cuz I feel like
it yes or when Roger died yeah so I'm
gonna pull him aside and tell them what
the Tarot told me okay and then what I
told her so so you told her that the
worst was over yep but the cards
actually said that the pass was a burden
and that it's like over now but there's
more loss ahead interesting hmm
I don't know how relevant this may be
but it might be my cards never lie well
I was able to stay behind in the library
and have a look through a couple of
things there is a safe I hidden in there
I start looking around it's a like there
it's a very loud party we're gathered up
and I think we're gonna stay like
gathered for a minute and then go our
ways again but either there was a button
behind a panel in an occult section
behind a Poe book and it opened onto a
safe is a very good safe I'm intrigued
by that Poe book oh I didn't have a good
look at it that's a shame Wow all of a
sudden you were you were your attention
was taken by a button in the seat in
fact make a luck roll nope
so you and Slade you didn't think about
the book mmm-hmm
you're like did I put the book back I I
looked around to mate him to make sure
that I put everything back the way that
it was you you feel like you is but
you've got that sort of like did I leave
the oven on yeah boom I'm just waiting
for you to catch up here I'm never going
to catch it I I missed it by - all right
you you have it's a very mild version of
that feeling and so you have that
feeling but you also like rationalized
by like the guard looked around and
didn't see you didn't see anything weird
that said I may have left it ajar enough
the Erica might notice but we'll see
yeah we will find out is there
anything else you want to do with the
party otherwise you know we can I'm
gonna what I'm gonna wander Pat and past
the pianist and ciencia and see what
they're playing all right seems like
mainly jazz standards mm-hmm I'm
starting to get more into jazz because
well opera doesn't suit my voice anymore
but jazz is it does would be an
interesting choice it's good is there
anyone here that I might recognize from
the University or a colleague or
somebody
ooh that's a critical success sure yeah
recognize a a professor from Princeton
is their professor of medicine one of
the doctor my husband yeah sure yeah I
don't know I think the only other thing
is out of everybody that I've met
tonight there's nobody related to the
anyone on the Carlisle expedition is
there hmm
Erica yeah but like you don't even know
Penn you Houston no massacres and you is
yes I mean opinio was English yeah but
now it's you know you yeah no there's no
okay you don't find anybody who you you
get a little bit of scuttlebutt about
you know mainly about Roger there's a
lot you know again about how he was the
black sheep yeah you know he wasted all
there I'm gonna ask like a salacious
question like was Roger get interested
in Hypatia Matt like just
what's-her-name Oh
masters yeah ooh
were they an item you accept that's
amazing thank you so like did he have
anyone was he seeing anybody at a time
dad
so I secretary a very woman who
love obviously loves to talk let me tell
you easily there for 45 minutes was the
Duchess boy Roger Roger tried a few
times with Miss masters but she was a
cut above him and and then he he gave up
once he met that that African woman my
channel the the drip and her voice and
she says African is even to you on the
20s offensive yeah Wow
[Laughter]
the woman is not so much dumb to even
care
she's probably like excuse like she
asked you for a drink
Oh dad I'm the death card doesn't
actually represent death yeah maybe yeah
she's now pulling it back on pins on
which way you pull and I just I want to
poke a little bit more as far as the
Africa woman do you think that's why he
actually went to Africa well obviously I
was oh not for a vacation but to see his
uh to see his mistress then well I think
she took him oh so she met him in Egypt
well no they met before and she was here
scandalous really really what she has to
house this house yes name bars not
interesting interesting was she a native
New Yorker or was she from Africa she
was I'm so much I think interested
another shape so obviously I'm getting
nowhere to find out if she actually is
from you know Upper East Side Harlem oh
no you're pretty clear that she was
straight from Africa okay and he met her
here in New York or did he meet her in
Africa and then bring her back
well the story I heard mm-hmm
was that he met her here but I don't
know where one never knows that Roger
okay
I'm gonna circle past and past Octavia
and because I realized that I forgot to
mention that Erica being a fan mm-hmm
has offered her services if there's
anything that you can do I can't think
of anything but interesting I'm also
going to open that safe I'm also not the
brains of this operation I'm aware of
that age well Emma what do you think of
what what erica has at Carlisle has
offered her services as a superfan so if
there's anything I was like what does
that mean fall you ought to be like
you're the best
no really you are things I think if it's
a great mutual draw the music nice no it
was more along the lines of she
appreciated the work that I used to do
and and offered if there was anything
that she could do to assist me and I'm
not sure how best to use that but I
figured I should let the rest of the
group now maybe just an introduction to
either somebody at the pen hue Society
what is the pen you think a new friend a
pen you foundation like an introduction
a letter of introduction would be quite
useful if we had that direct yeah
especially since we're I'm interested in
artifacts all right all right there
would be nice to know some of her
brothers notes but that might be pushing
it she just throwing it out there though
and she also got very what's the word
I'm looking for awkward when I offered
condolences on her brother's passing
interesting that makes sense
given everything yeah I saw the ledger
they were bleeding hemorrhaging money so
it wasn't just a rumor
no they were hemorrhaging money
hmm oh but yes I thought I would pass
that along
do we want to ask for an introduction
now or is that something that we should
return more your turn right right to our
right to her because otherwise it's it's
even I know that it would be improper at
a party to be like hey who's been
keeping an eye out for when that
donation box is those two coming around
yeah so caning about kamek lotta guys
but the guy there's a chime somebody
comes by with a little chime and more
cowbell
Erica stands on the grand ball the grand
staircase in the foyer and everyone sort
of gathers around and she does five
minutes on you're really confused
because she's talking about dogs yeah
there's no talk about alcohol and all
goodsoon and she gives a little spiel
about them and she she says you know
you've already you've already given so
generously to be here but my mr. gray
will be coming her and she like points
for the guy behind her and mr. hound mr.
gray will be coming around with the hat
please if you can dig deep these poor
dogs these the you know these we will
save many dogs that have been cast aside
by these awful racetracks mm-hmm poor
things and so yeah mr. mr. gray walks
around with a hat and people are putting
lots of money in there you can put you
put a lovely donation in I'll let her
donate for us yeah I just kind of
sidestep the whole just gonna disappear
back to the bar for free urgent that's
[Laughter]
yes I know you'll get so you know that's
pretty much the evening all right do we
want to bundle up and head back out into
the cold night yeah I mean the party
will go mm-hmm you know it's starting to
wind down after she after she does the
little speech mm-hmm
you know many people have to drive back
to Manhattan and it's you know an hour
drive so they're starting to to get out
there so yeah about about 11:00 things
will really start to wind down I have a
really good bad idea
great yeah I second that you might
want to offer to allow her to connect
with her lost brother not today just
saying I don't think she'd want to know
my meeting I got it seems she didn't
care much for her brother in the first
place she yeah she might want to connect
with him to yell at him or maybe there's
money he's hidden she wants to find it I
don't think so again based on the gossip
there's no he probably blew through all
their cash they say bad on the ledger
that I found he was hemorrhaging money
if he if he hid any it would be not by
his doing and based on the demeanor I
don't think she wants the official you
know knowledge of she actually hated her
brother out there after his tragic yeah
she was very fair enough well if just
throwing it out it's not a bad idea
so if we get in the car that's when I
want to share with them the idea okay so
again drunk crazy lists are gonna have
loved this yes I'm ready to is that so
much a list but bullets yeah it's just
we're gonna paraphrase here
so apparently Robert Carlisle was dating
a woman
and I'm super drunk here so from Africa
not from Africa maybe from New York came
back from Africa mm-hmm you know it
exactly exactly that and that there was
some sort of scandalous thing about how
she was living in this house and blah
blah blah and whatever but here's what I
think
Sylas quani mm-hmm is there a connection
I could not suss this out if there was a
connection with did she bring him to
Africa I know that we have all this
information talking about whatever he
found in Egypt led him to Kenya
maybe she planted the seed in his head
to begin with possibly 1920s people that
black person probably knows that I'm
just gonna be like Silas quantity it's
you everybody know Silas now he's like
yeah everybody's connected everybody's a
suspect
Jackson Elias rest in peace forever as
the ghost of Jackson Elias possess to
you possible she really wants cilantro
in yeah actually that's a great idea do
an exorcism if you want it was there
cheesecake at the party yeah real quest
cuz if here we can go for something no
it was it was it was mainly passed hors
d'oeuvres alright so I said we want to
find somewhere to stop like a late-night
restaurant you find a little diner a
roadside diner that's open let's do it
woman that calls you sug I've always
wanted to go to a place maybe a slice of
cheesecake cheesecake come ridin and
coffee definitely coming oh yes there's
copious amounts of coffee and it's diner
coffee yes it is lots of sugar and cream
no but in all seriousness I couldn't I
couldn't suss out what this woman's name
was I couldn't figure out I'd also
didn't try to see Brock but oh and if
you had tried super hard someone would
have remembered and you don't want to be
overly memorable if you can avoid it I
am mildly annoyed matching that day yeah
shot him first shot a little definitely
so but she would be somebody interesting
to talk to because obviously everybody
here feels like they were everybody at
the party felt like they were on Erica's
side as far as like what the
relationship was and it was he was a
scandalous hound and oh my goodness and
he was this that and the other thing and
he spent all the money it would be
interesting to hear somebody else who
had more empathy for Robert Carlisle for
him himself that's what I was trying to
figure out that is a good question
though can you reach his spirit beyond I
need something of his to connect with
mm-hmm pity you didn't say that back in
the house I was thinking about it but I
can't well roll okay 77 out of 60 so you
failed it yeah all right can I do it
without since I failed so you you like
when she thinks about that you know when
she's like could you you know contact
all that just briefly in your head all
that flashy airhead is is he dead hmm I
mean that is the question I've been kind
of wondering that myself because they
didn't find any Caucasian remains well
then my dumb ideas continue maybe him
and his middle are how did you screw the
name I want to call this whole series my
dumb ideas continue what happens if this
is an insurance scam massive nyle the
third tab insurance scam well well you
did get a look at the ledger so did they
make a lot of money right after the
death exactly exactly and maybe he's
actually in Africa with his mistress
happily ever after
living a life now now Erika's amis
debris
but mo what about Francois and that
weird place we're gonna miss Francois in
the weird place and no no uncertain
terms
I do not miss at all what I'm saying is
what if he's wanted he's hiding all
right yes if we had guts if we broaden
hiding with his mistress seem real if we
had not encountered everything that we
did in Peru and if we had not
encountered the blue blooded pirate
apparent shark if we had not if we had
not encountered those then based on what
I saw in the ledger I would wonder if
Erica had bumped her brother off or had
it done somehow even a better idea well
because she clearly did not miss him
very clearly was very awkward at
receiving condolences oh she / she
didn't hated him yes yes based on what I
could see I agree if we had not seen any
of the weirdnesses that we have I would
assume that she'd had someone follow him
and kill him however we've been dealing
with a lot of weirdness and that being
the case I mean it doesn't have to be
weird to run away and have your sister
just make you go away on an allowance
you're now friends with her so if you
could go back to the house try to grab
something of his for me to check if he's
dead
first that's a good start
they're a particular sort of item that
makes it easier something like maybe he
would have carried on his person more
yeah anything he had a connection to
even DNA if possible dia WA yeah all
right like hair or something or
fingernails so find a hairbrush
maybe he's my hairbrush sorry so we're
we're gonna shortly we're gonna go to
break and I just want to let our viewers
know that we're giving away a 5 a 5
ebook either from Nord Games or from the
D&amp;D line tonight to one of our viewers
so when we go to break put hashtag book
in there for your chance to win a
shining five a book because we put like
we're gonna put a bunch in tonight it
looks like young so we have not burned
burn through you guys yeah you're right
so anything about we're gonna you know
we're about five minutes away from break
so that you can do things that need to
do network stuff are you it's it's now
about midnight mmm-hmm are you I presume
so you're you you're gonna go home
alright the rest you're gonna go to your
house to your places well I can't well
you've got your house closer it's not
only that I have a borrowed dress so
it's not like I get plenty further it's
not like this is mine oh yeah no this is
one of my dresses from when I used to go
to met galas and stuff I see my gosh
yeah I can keep it okay thank you I'm
never gonna wear it you might wear it
again if we keep doing these things you
know Hong Kong Shanghai we've got places
to go and is able to see it it looks
quite beautiful I know
thank you ma'am alright so I think let's
just dude let's just go to break now or
so leaving book we will do that shortly
hashtag book to get your chance to win a
five ebook go with the Nord Games book
is my advice they're pretty they're
really cool I want some of those you've
been you've been seeing them being used
Thomas is pulling stuff out from the
and throwing it at our head I hope you
know I'm gonna I want to talk to Nord
games about Cthulhu stuff yeah yeah that
would be very cool so we'll be back in a
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
[Laughter]
we usually yeah first of all
congratulations to name that will make
me hungry for the rest of tonight
cupcake Cora I have a new twitch
username cupcake Cora congratulations
that's a great name yeah you were loving
the car apart yeah may I recommend the
skullduggery book excellent excellent
5-under find a flip throw
so hopefully you don't live in Quebec or
there's one other Italy I think it was
or something that Raziel Oh Raziel right
sorry Brazil sorry but you know
Thomas will do things and you'll get a
he's doing things that's what goes on
behind that window we don't know what
it's obviously spelling things
improperly make sure you spit you spell
it
everything phonetically for Thomas when
you give him your address or
phonetically for us yet don't take any
chances there hedonistic Nile we
mispronounced that for a while sorry man
he jumped in and corrected it I
appreciate that wait what is it Neal or
Nile so okay Neal I was like I heard
Nile I know I saw on the thing that they
they were like the Nile River it's like
up there neat set up there Neal this is
Thomas fair point
not even Thomas with transcription and
however we see it and we appreciate you
thank you even though we butcher your
name that's how we show love the gods
name oh speaking of butchering names in
the chat we came up with a peg leg
pirate parrot hey the pirate parrot
please do not here we go a that five
I'll be showing up at Bo's game on
Monday a pirate with a parrot with a peg
leg I don't know it's gonna hurt it's
like you're such a good pirate John
parent has only like like I just don't
really
parents gonna fly it doesn't matter what
it's on the light shoulder time here
maybe it's just like a clip that it goes
anyway what we're doing I don't know
what happens when you have Crossland
during the break chocolate sorry yes
this is just what happens with yes okay
I almost had to be eaten alright so
yes that would bunnies must be
sacrificed that was Sunday the 19th
Monday the 20th dawns we were at dr.
Aldridge's estate in Westchester and the
party hmm with tea crumpets very English
your husband asks how long your guests
will be staying for mmm probably a few
more days fabulous so one plus to buy
that fabulous I'll keep them on the East
Wing it's a massive house I'm sure it's
not would be the Carlisle house you guys
are pretty good but not like you're in
the less good part of Westchester you
are you are yeah what do you want - what
do you want to do now you've got a
couple of not that many more loose ends
in New York I write this ad for blinds
to do the protection okay right so Joel
Stein yeah so that'll be in four days
it'll be the new moon yep yeah but I
would like to gather the supplies before
okay so you yeah you know what you know
a place in New York where you can go and
you can buy stuff underground
metaphysical store of course - silence
we're not getting tattoos please no I
don't want any tongues on my belly what
about our Shanghai tiger you can hook it
all back can we get mad
I'm sorry the stumbling tie styling yeah
it wasn't stumbling when it came in nope
that's bar we gotta go to to sorta yes
like then I make good GDS one there you
we're just the dot that gun outlined in
the door got great I don't know is it
worth it to chase down the book of
African SEC sex ETS you've got a you got
a text you got a telegram yep from Javed
that Jackson Elias had been looking for
a book called Africa's dark seconds
mm-hmm and that it had disappeared from
the library several several months
before and she had actually used the
word mysteriously but so you could take
the train to Boston and you know visit
the restricted library check out the
library if my invisibility cloak let's
do that that's the restricted section
okay you've also got you know when when
you well know your yeah yeah no that
wouldn't you wouldn't get that message
everything's fine everything's fine it's
always fine I mean sure you have a few
the loot the few loose ends you have
left are if you wanted to go talk to the
lady at the New York Times yeah if you
wanted to do something with the juju
house I don't know I don't know what to
do I mean my brain is still formulating
a plan that's not gonna go epically bad
I don't get good lives from that place
well exactly I don't like it but here's
the thing is that we can't really get
them arrested because they're already
i'm assuming and again this is just part
of that list of things that i'm just
coming up with and writing down mm-hmm
they're probably under the protection of
what's his name the captain that's it
captain what's his name
now i mean the one thing you know is
that not all of NYPD is bad no you know
there but this is definitely a rotten
pot yeah and if like who else you know
the captain pretty much has way so it's
he was gonna play against you regardless
of what you do and who you aligned
yourself with their also jeopardizing
their career he will you know i mean
he's like the
Queen on that chess board where he can
probably move the pieces around a little
bit better than you can
regardless of what you do sure and give
misinformation to people even if you ask
them to do things to turn it around on
you because I'm like how do we do
anything with the juju house without
really getting anything done back to us
I mean I was just concerned I'm not
being cursed okay well then why don't
ever the Jackson Elias Road which is I
[Laughter]
was like right blood and kisses more
like thanks box that we got him that
present because he knows me I had my
powers oh that's an issue
the dynamite though I'm not gonna blow a
house that's pretty old button yeah five
years you do yeah I think you've taken
it yeah it's been sweating nitroglycerin
all this time yeah surprise you I'm
pulling your house up I'm surprised you
haven't blown you up not the match house
just maybe the back part where it's more
I don't know strategic what did the
chances you think he leaves and we could
snoop around
I'm sure he's 0 at some point I mean you
could you could see Billy might have
some Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy yeah let's go see
your friend yeah terrible idea at least
the name of my team had Jimmy let me go
kid the cops are being paid off at that
place yeah but other were to go in maybe
he could poke them around a little you
know possibly family NPCs killed yeah
that's a great idea
wait great I don't have my husband in
there I don't think I bar neither send
your husband to Harlem excuse me a whole
side adventure I want you to blame me
that line and then go ask Kwan a bloody
toy if you could
watch that side mission that doesn't end
well nauseous as her talking to himself
I would love to see ya why hello sir
those days weekdays and Wednesday is a
weekday the other may be loose end is
you you do have an in with Ericka
Carlisle yes and if we are going to be
going if we are following the trail and
we're following exhibit exactly we'll be
going then to London and we may need the
end with the pen do foundation thank you
and if that's the case she may be able
to write us a letter send a telegram say
this is one of one of my people that's a
good idea
it was Emma's idea Wow intelligence it's
the entire like the surprise Wow yeah
maybe you should go there than try to
you know find something that's connected
to Roger so I couldn't that wasn't part
of my thought as well however it was it
was there like a bathroom downstairs
that the guests would have used and so
if I asked to use the bathroom that
would be the one that I do point direct
yeah as opposed to like the upstairs
would like familial like DNA work as a
connection I know DNA didn't exist but
give me a break
anybody didn't know about it I mean like
critical success Harold attend her blood
is his blood mmm get me someone from
blood get me some more blood yes like a
girl are you some great idea you're many
knives I don't care I want her blood be
some of her blood did tell me that's
getting written down I need her blood is
that no a pre questionnaire everyone we
could oh yeah by the way since now
no no reason no reason at all certainly
not blood magic my husband is a doctor
specifically a surgeon I'm sure I might
be able to get something for you to be
able to knock her out or and/or extract
some but I'm not just like I'm just
saying I'm just trying to come up with
ideas here with with what we have I mean
you could use a hammer and knock her out
- I got well Wow
we could also go to go to jail for like
no say it would be easier to get her
really really drunk her thinking you
know did she drink at the party she did
not she seems so hmm
which is weird that her charity is
trying to improve was for the it's for
the better she's you know she's selfless
for the betterment of you know a strand
of her hair or something like that if I
can wait you made a critical success yes
my rock era would point back to her
blood Oh
specifically yes blood is the thing that
would all right all right
how else are you think I'm gonna vote no
do you want to know if he's dead yes
may-maybe all right wouldn't it be
easier to I mean to get it till soon
wouldn't be oh I don't want to live in
my fantasy world where he might be alive
he's like Schrodinger Schrodinger's cat
might be with his mistress in Africa yes
until we go to Kenya yep that would be a
little bit of meat hansung on my part
with my husband but we could make up a
story about needing to take a sample
from the last trip that she went on
because she had heard that there was a
disease going on this is a lot a lot a
lot of a lot it is but how I'm gonna get
a large illness CIA level but not the
like a CIA level are like planning that
would go into this where I read along
the entire neighborhood that there's
some sort of like epidemics care and
that we need to get everybody vaccinated
just because she came back off of this
trip from this country she would have
got three years ago yeah exactly now we
have the yellow fever or whatever
question is like do we need to know if
he's alive or not we versus all of the
other issues like we're going to London
I mean listen Peggy you found it unless
there's money riding on it and I'm right
then the answer is yes there's no other
way to confirm the cards couldn't tell
you actually that's a good question
you gonna try doing the car do it okay I
mean go with the real cards yeah oh
let's see what happens yeah okay I like
it hmm
and of course Moll it's what's here it's
all it's all the major arcana major
arcana make sure you hold them up for
the camp yeah I will alright is what's
his name again
okay okay sorry
all right so Rob it's our Carlisle bed
Mary this is very informal cards the
Emperor
what's that mean interesting feels it
roll it doesn't roll on major arcana
deck it's really pretty
yeah really like it that's a he so what
is the Emperor usually convey father
figure type maybe a power role fail it
hail it fail fail you want my dice damn
it I made it
alright when you draw that card you
um you swear when you draw that card
when you first flip it over then it
looks like that dark Pharaoh hmm
well does she remember it does kind of
look like you can't tell but you but so
it looks like a figure you don't
remember I'm just saying dark Pharaoh to
give you that right hand but it's it the
it looks like an Egyptian pharaoh
well my cards aren't Egyptian I know
I'll it's like you it's like it was like
a trick of the light or something my
cards changed was my cards are not
Egyptian cards but there was an Egyptian
figure and then it went away
what sort of Egyptian figure what did it
look like at some King Pharaoh type
person did he look like he was made out
of Ebony
he was really dark how do you did you
see it no I didn't see the card but I
have seen him I told you this remember
when I don't have a weird deja vu
feeling when I was in a muck I had a
moment of being elsewhere you two were
there but you don't remember it because
he said you wouldn't and he called
himself the dark Pharaoh that was always
on the business card to which I have
drawn here so you don't solve the
destroy next Pharaoh flash on their part
but you don't have the business card oh
that's the thing that I got confiscated
by the police good yeah okay so that
still doesn't tell me it's still alive
or dead so so it's father figure and it
is well I like the interpretation that
you gave like this is actually the dark
Pharaoh coming up and not giving me a
right answer mm-hmm which is really
weird because my cards don't lie to me
they don't lie but there may be
interference yeah which you usually
never happen maybe one could think about
this logically think this way he's both
alive and dead he could be alive but not
here
alive but in the other dimension where
the Pharaoh was because you said very I
thought you meant France you said very
specifically because you looked up at
the stars that's what I do actually know
that this was not a place on earth that
we were oh I've never been to Egypt but
you said it wasn't Egypt
I don't remember any of this interesting
I don't have any recollection saying
this but he wiped your minds
[Laughter]
not again
we all have our things put my cards away
and not touch them for a while you
should probably wrap them in something
in berries just gonna bury them time for
a new deck
brand-new deck helped by some I'm sorry
I'm just a little curious what if we
were to draw a card on that Pharaoh we
were just saying curious where did we're
just looking Bertie's charity saw him
though just what do you ask
yeah who or what is he what does he
represent I'm and I'm gonna describe the
dark Pharaoh as closely as I remember
picture of it now so briefly huh okay
but like hol hol hold that image in your
mind I guess however this works the
world interesting I get a feeling that
it's definitely not this dimension cuz
it's look at the figure on the card
mm-hmm it's a dark dude it we thought it
was a lady but okay is that Mercer again
critical all day having fun with us
we'll be naming all of the cats and he's
above the world and you were saying bara
whatever do you bet that song plays
beside you anyways alright a great card
that is an excellent and that does seem
to fit what I wrote what you were saying
so eases otherworldly cuz look at the
stars on the card okay they're of this
well we're just comfort if not those
aren't normal stars they yeah they don't
look they don't look like any of ours
I mean dragons magic yes and rules
there's no your deck failing you yeah
what says your deck now communicating
with the dark Pharaoh
oh no I failed it fumble
93 not lose to sanity that's all and you
do want to like I love on have your
betting around unit for a little bit art
of Mercer even a rest yeah I'm gonna
take the deck backyard right I'm gonna
go into the Fiddler's a lot I'm sorry
anything you had to go through then
that's fine
I'm gonna go and bury these cards in
your backyard I'm gonna take the salt
shaker okay I'm gonna go bury this
beacon to horrible otherworldly things
in your backyard no you know you should
number in tarot card you're trying it
you're trying to ground them right yeah
wrap him in a good a cloth first what
you want to do with taroko man I've
never aided an audio book on this
subject throw all the black crystals on
there
tourmaline on it came at a time you
probably have all of those with whom I
do they're in my bag okay so that did
nothing now what are we really gonna do
it did a lot things I didn't you under a
car under deck of cards now they're in
the backyard she can really for the
animals to dig up later or whatever I
know
oh and we'll start tying around there
you probably wanna
all on their packing the bags time to go
that was very interesting though because
that means that we're running up against
him again you need to tell me everything
about this I told you everything it's
not my fault you don't remember okay so
maybe he is dead and alive maybe he's a
zombie maybe he's in the other dimension
oh sorry or something like that yeah
that's what I'm thinking about me or
something like that or maybe oh you know
what you've noticed that you know I
didn't he sobs apparent he's dead alive
cased case closed
the parent sharks though - if the
Kewanee guy is controlling the parrot
that there's a human being attached to
them every single time we've seen them
die or get hurt there's been some kind
of human connection so what if he's
either a car Seri or one of these things
I mean there's five there's five right
so we've encountered two types the Kara
Seri and whatever these parrot sharks
are yes and and the dark the dark
Pharaoh referred to the car Siri as his
gift right he was rather upset that I
was so forcibly eject and said a gift
hmm
so let's put the pieces of the puzzle
together we have we have servants crazy
list coming up ready
I love it when Ezra does that face I do
that face to him a lot so we starting
off with the we have the car Seri the
the king of maggots or the god of
maggots he's dead the dark Pharaoh
anybody really or at least stopped I
mean stop you stop that is one aspect of
the father of maggots at least right so
the father of maggots was an aspect my
apologies
and there's five more right four more
time there were five and now there's
right right sorry the dark Pharaoh's one
he's been showing up now in relation to
Robert Carlisle so obviously they were on
to that portion of it yes everybody make
me an intelligence room I can tell you
now I roll this I I got it I got a 17
out of 80 so like good the the article
the notes the Jackson Elias had about
Nairobi specifically mention that the
whatever their God is he does not have
African components to it I was wondering
about it I know you know you can
extrapolate that to include sort of
firaon ik imagery that you know this
this is probably not because Egypt is
very particular that's right but but
it's still African and that still would
be considered African and so when when
they say that the God does not have
African elements to it that would
probably your current Egyptian you know
he's playing Egyptian essentially or
this is a different one or a different
aspect it's probably different aspect I
think and then something is going to be
in Shanghai and Hong Kong probably the
huh I'm like sake bombs I don't know
what I like the way you think so I don't
what so what are they train where the
reefs right are they the question is is
what it what are all these things doing
and how do we handle them I think we
don't have enough information and
definitely not there's there's a
connection between all the places that
Jackson Elias has been referencing but
well is there I mean that's what I
couldn't figure out is that he kept
following this he was following the
Carlisle path but then is Eagle in Kenya
yeah
and then he's following the people cuz
he thinks they're not dead
that's my willing salt one of my guys in
Hong Kong Yeah right he saw a brass
Brady in home call so what if these guys
are either a now serving back to the
Keirsey car serie that's my that's my or
Larry now the the the bloody tongue is
well that's a faction I guess there that
was connect with dhole arson as well yeah
there are cult people ahold of the
bloody Tong so there's probably a cults
for these other five aspects baby yeah
there's also the mountain of the black
black wind right so that has a high
priestess yeah when you when you start
thinking about the Cara Seri yeah you
you you recall that all the cars theory
that you saw like dissolved when you
sealed the pyramid back up okay so there
but I'm still a little again just
channeling my Jackson a lot my inner
Jackson Elias the fact that there were
what's his name oh the dude in the white
suit seriously mark Larkin like he you
know I mean you mean mister Kentucky yes
and his red tights again crazy theory
here but like Carlisle like they're
smart they're smart car Syria out there
you know yes I'm just building a theory
I'm gonna fill it in with real facts but
didn't we're supposed facts but didn't
you tell me that all of the car
necessary I'm going to pretend okay not
all of the car sorry dissolved once
allies put the garage yeah that we know
us Mart once I there you go
yeah cuz de Mendoza I still don't
believe it
what if he was the done you had a smart
yes didn't cuz you were you were you
were in the gone good yay good but so
okay so anyone who was a car Siri would
be gone if they were part of the
Carlisle expedition but if they were say
one of these parrot
chicken chart piranha things the
description gets longer every time we
say it
pegleg pirate parrot pegleg pirate I'm
glad you could not
pegleg pirate parrot 20 intelligence is
getting tired they are they're
associated with one of these parents or
what if they're part of one of these
Colts that support the bringing of these
artifacts this is yes this is this is
what I'm thinking is that the Carlile
expedition the dark Pharaoh and
whoever's going to be the expedition is
the new car Siri there it is that's my
new flock that's my new theory they may
be we never we may be they found that
string is now like this maybe maybe they
found something similar to the pyramid
and make something out of it I really
want to go to the penny foundation I
think that's where we're gonna get all
there the rest of our answers and do we
want to wait and and go to the pen you
Foundation after you do whatever you're
doing on the dark moon yeah the new moon
on the 24th weren't you gonna do
something the day before the new moon
no it's she's gonna do the protective
stuff protective stuff on the new moon
because we haven't discussed what we
should do with the blood nothing we're
doing nothing with the blood until we
probably asking anybody for blood we're
not taking anybody I'm recommending that
we put it in a safe place a real safe
place I guess in the safe well and and
go and going back to the blood idea if
we really needed to know about Roger if
you gave me something to knock her out
I'm sure I can get it into a drink but
that is a last resort well it would be
easier to get an item you said you could
do it with an item in a row and I don't
gonna be the hardest but I highly doubt
she has anything of Roger Roberts in the
house and he mother
[Music]
then what for five years I'm sure she
didn't that that house was recently
remodeled
I'm sure cannot read it we leave
everything that belongs to him most
likely anything that he would have been
close to anything that would have like a
wallet or a money clip sure probably hmm
well it doesn't hurt if you don't ask
plus we need the letter for the penny
foundation that we do need I agree I
think we should go do that are you gonna
do that I got in that yep and we can
also then while that's happening we can
go see what's her name in the New York
Times Shoshana Shoshana yeah Rebecca oh
sure yeah all right so you're gonna send
a letter in to Erica Carlile yes I think
that is saying hey in the next couple
days it would be wonderful to spend some
time with you hmm
what is your in what are you what are
you saying you want to know more about
the Carlisle what do you I'm not gonna
say anything about the Carlisle
expedition because I think that that
will have her defenses up okay I'm going
to say I think that I have an interest
in the penny foundation does what are
their artifacts right yeah Egypt
Egyptian studies yep that I like most of
the of the population of the 1920s was
is is fascinated with with with Egyptian
memorabilia and artifacts and I I'm
hmm well and not only that to we could
somehow tie in Octavius studies that
maybe we were thinking about Octavia is
doing something with scholarly study at
the Penn he with the pen in association
with the pen Hugh found a shin it would
really help if you if we were on our way
to London gave us a letter of
introduction to maybe you and loosen the
funds yeah and not so many words okay
basically that we needed an introduction
to the pen Hugh foundation in order to
connect with them about artifacts and
and things of Egyptology nature okay
sure
and I guess I'll tell her what hotel I'm
at so this you can everybody knows again
okay no I'll give I'll give her the bag
up in the back up hood I'll just check
them in the front desk everybody
messages you send that over to this
hotel please sure no problem
okay and then you guys are all going
yes yes Rebecca Shoshanna Berg remember
Egyptian okay
well Rebecca is happy to to see you
she is flippy flippy flippy have you
read this part of the book yeah I have
okay this is gonna be pretty short
because of some choices you've made
interesting they're all poor choices I'm
sorry so when when you know when you
guys come in she she has a very
different demeanor than the last time
you saw her
it's it's colder and and you come in and
and just how how can I help you
someone else lead the way yes when you
guys all have this uncut like this is
whatever you all sort of you all for
sort of look uncomely ahead she pushes
today's times in front of you okay and
there is a story in there about the
attack on your house and it very clearly
references because at this time they
would print names and addresses in the
newspaper which is weird to think about
today but that's what they did and it
clearly references that you it's more
than implying that you are pointing to
Hilton Adams as the cause of this attack
and a gang that Hilton Adams runs and
she like goes what's this about this was
the conclusion that the police came to
is there a door to shot yes so I'm gonna
be like hang
shut the door this was the conclusion
that the police came to and we really
couldn't fight the captain on it he came
there personally
the captain was very insistent that it
had to be Hilton Adams which tells me
there's something going on with the
captain look we're private investigators
we don't need to be pulling your legs so
you know we're cuddle your station my
leg you're just chains why would you do
this why would you do this to it you
know we didn't do this Rebecca you
didn't do this
Rebecca the police captain threatened us
and you hold it you you weren't there
you weren't as passive I don't think
I've been threatened by Rob since you
were not attacked by something then we
couldn't even we can't even describe to
you right now
I mean how do we not know that you're on
his payroll as well
anything I'm the one that's talking
about the Hilton Adams case I'm the one
that is interviewing his wife to get the
story out there I'm the one that's
connecting the dots and then sure that
Hilton Adams an innocent man you're the
one saying that Hilton Adams is a gang
leader responsible for destroying the
apartment of an upstanding citizen in
New York the captain said that yes no
look at the story look at who wrote it
we did not write that we didn't even
talk to who's the person that rubbish
it's a byline everybody post it's not
the times this is the post she so she
didn't write no no okay we checked this
garbage out of the times we never talked
to this person we don't even know who
this is it was all the captain can I
help you with anything
I would hope sit boom you've sentenced
this man to death the captain did sure
whatever helps you sleep at night okay
why don't you find your son if you don't
believe us do you think I haven't I
think it with Robson several times he's
not very cooperative is it we we danced
with yeah but you know what I decided I
didn't care
and I still put myself I put my neck on
the line do you see an interview his
wife you folded do you see that house do
you see the picture with the hole in it
what do you think made that hole it's
huge Rebecca apparently what do you
think work failed Adam still Rebecca it
was not small
the fight was horrible we were covered
it was quite horrific do you see this
and I go and I just start to show her a
little bit of the scar I'm like do you
see this this goes down my entire body
from that incident could you cut us some
slack we almost died and then we had the
captain threatening us that one what do
you expect us 1 o'clock in the morning
well and making suspect us to do I'm
sorry you were put in that position
I really think you made I think you made
the wrong choice well we're alive I
think that's the right choice what do
you think I don't think your life is any
more important than Hilton Adams I don't
think so either
apparently you do what if you we said
we're doing something in order to save
his life but part of that has to do with
what what is the Carlisle expedition in
the murder of Jackson alliance earlier
that night we have not much earlier but
that night we there was a creature that
attacked us that was hiding in a
person's body and we believe the I role
is palpable Rebecca what do you think
made this do you think a machete made it
it looks like a wild animal because it
was a wild animal ok you got attacked by
a wild animal sorry obtain out of the
skin of that officer attacked by a wild
animal in the middle of Manhattan that
left a giant hole in the inner wall a
huge hole on the third floor of an
apartment can it use the elevator
there's
there a number of things that cannot be
explained that's that are going on here
and we're trying to tie them all
together and we believe at the carlile
expedition has a lot to do with it and
that it had everything to do with the
murder of Jackson Elias and we want to
track that down because he was our
friend there's more than meets the eye
your world that you've ever dreamt of
Horatio there are more things on earth
that are dressed in your philosophy
yes saying if we're done with the Little
Nemo talk we can talk about the real
facts I'm trying to save a man on death
row and we're trying to solve a murder
investigation of our dear friend Jackson
Elias I had to stay alive well well you
know keep our heads attached while we're
doing it your facts are not more
important than ours they are also true
so you know maybe we can work together
or you can sit here into my facts don't
involve wild animals that jump out and I
mean I'd push the post back at her tell
me what made that hole then tell me with
your facts what made that hole gas
explosion I don't know I don't care it
would have been dead too
why didn't you just why did you have to
finger Hilton Adams we did we did he
actually asked him not to do this and he
said there's no other way okay so I was
gonna say that would be a lie if he
didn't add that part yeah he said
there was really Bolden
he said what is he gonna say look you
knew Robson was Ronnie said that if we
did not leave town soon yeah you knew
Robson was novel and you folded I hadn't
been a crafter I wasn't before this but
sharing the world with that
you're going to go against the whole
police force it's sort of what I do
every day have you again if you read
anything I've really liked this another
chin you have a manatee because you are
the press my name is on every particle i
right that's true no I'm not not
anonymity but the power the power of the
press you are you are protected by the
people the people want to hear what you
have to say can I give you any
information is there anything you want
from me I'm happy to help you but do you
what I'm not hearing you say is that
your
sorry but you can dismantle it
that's what why didn't you lead with
that instead what we didn't do it I mean
this is a man I've I've had dinner with
his wife she's being critical of us when
we went through a travesty here this is
pointless I start to get up Octavia you
said you were friends with Jax Annalise
you don't care about his murder
apparently not
I care about everyone I care about these
people I want to find out what happened
because that'll also save mr. Adams coz
mr. Adams didn't do it he'll help us
solve Jackson elias's murder first if we
can unravel the string that ties Hilton
Adams to Jackson Eliza's death that'll
go a long way toward us we did jack oh
no he didn't do it yeah yeah Jackson
Elias was murdered by somebody else
Horsham what do you think it does to
your you you can't testify that in court
cuz they'll just bring this article up
bring up other evidence we're working on
finding more evidence well if you can
find that events that would be wonder if
we would like your help how can I help
excellent what did Jackson Elias leave
with you do you have any of his notes do
you have anything that that you worked
with him on no no he was in the last
I heard from him was he had gone to
London and then to Africa he was you
know often one of his book things I
didn't really hear anything from him but
you did write his obituary yeah yeah and
it was the last time you spoke with
Jackson lives directly oh the last time
I saw him was before he left for London
got it we we got together
did he seem preoccupied or no he seemed
as weird as ever he you know he said
that he was on the trail of something
big but he didn't want to say anything
about it
I do have this and she pulls out a big
file and it's case files on the it's at
8 or 9 murders that Adams is connected
with and the they all have they all have
the mark in the forehead like Jackson
Elias and the only thing that tied all
the victims together was that they all
visited they would oh they were all
they'd all been to Harlem mm-hmm or or
lived in Harlem or we're connected to
Harlem somehow but not to a specific
location like the juju house or anything
no and she points out that everything
here ran through the 14th precinct which
is Robeson have you ever seen this
symbol before all of this I have not I
don't know anything about this stuff I
don't go in for mumbo jumbo and yet you
were friends of Jackson Elias well
that's why we were friends I was the one
that told him he was an idiot repeatedly
first got him in cilantro hmm and
cheesecake yeah you did love a
cheesecake champagne hmm I'm so easy
anything about Shanghai yeah no no did
he he went to Shanghai no I thought
that's was where he was last so the left
yeah sorry Joseph him was Africa okay
she or London actually I heard he was
going to Africa got it okay and you
don't think that any of these murders
are connected I think they're all
connected I mean they all have that
thing car okay forehead and you haven't
been able to we need to figure out
why these people or how these people are
connected
when you get in touch with these people
like find a representative of them we
can get in and get more info I one of
those I talked to a couple of the
families what I could find some of the
bodies were not identified they were in
in in very bad shape and I didn't see
there's just no connection they they
they were rich they were poor they were
white they were black they were they
were smart they were dumb they you know
had families they didn't have families
it's and did you go through their last
like the last 24 48 hours to the extent
that I could and and most of them had
semi recently visited it's you know been
in Harlem but I mean everybody goes to
Harlem that's where all the good clubs
are how many of them were near older
ruins or ancient sites so that's the
question like old temple did any of them
have interest in Egyptology or any of
those sorts of artifacts
exactly other than Jackson not that I
know of
all right I mean these were these were
normal people well a lot of normal
people like Egyptian things these days
yeah that's because of the expedition in
part but I mean these were normal New
Yorkers they you know don't care about a
whole lot out here themselves yeah well
I mean and you've never heard of the
doojoo house in Harlem no I would say
keep an eye on that place maybe huh just
be careful when you talk to Corning
yeah we're don't talk to Silas and quiet
maybe just you know peer from afar so go
there but don't go there
keep an eye go there but don't talk to
anyone you guys are really helpful rock
the place you can talk to him I'm
just saying try to be careful of what
you ask if you start poking too many
questions around you'll see there's
people coming in and out of that place
yeah I hear they
excellent spices the spices are God okay
well I mean I I don't I'm gonna do what
I can with mrs. Adams to try and get mr.
Adams a state of execution but you know
they've pushed the trial forward based
on this latest attack the the DA is
pushing for you know because he's now
some sort of ringleader from prison
step up in the in the truck in the
execution can I roll law and just
because I I mean I as a person don't
know how to but a hard success would
tell me how I would get a file from the
DA from the DA legally or illegally yes
I column a getting a file from a DA if
you had power of attorney you could no
problem get the case file yeah if I was
the other if I was the accuser or the
defendant yeah you could no problem get
and you can also have you have access to
your client mm-hmm attorney-client
privilege is shaky in the 20s yeah you
know there'd probably be someone sitting
there the whole time
but you you short of being the defense
lawyer it would be very hard especially
for a death penalty case okay
which probably unless the government you
know you're not sure what the time frame
is but at this point unless the governor
says don't kill him mm-hmm he's probably
and and this woman is clearly like a
Nile crusader on this case like her
there's no time she's tried activity
left in her okay
not on this one oh and then also have
you tried to get any files from the
precinct I'm asking I got the murder I
got the case files for murders okay but
that was you know I there wasn't a lot
else I could get mm-hmm
well I can I mean from your professional
estimation do you think some of this is
fabricated you know how much do you
trust how much do you trust those Case
Files this was April you know this was a
solution in search of a problem
you know they they tagged Hilton I mean
it's clear so she uses his first name a
lot yeah and so you know she she clearly
is connected with the family probably
because of the defense now but they
clearly just tagged Hilton as you know a
suspect and then Robson you don't the
case around yeah he's gonna die now
there any way to start an investigation
on the captain mm-hmm
just sayin does internal affairs exist
at this point or no yeah not in New York
the NYPD is a a monolithic you know the
thin blue line it's very thick right now
in the 20s position captains are
essentially you know they have God that
they're lie wide berth as long as they
don't get their names in the paper for
the wrong reasons does she have gf
Jackson Eliza's murder least report yeah
yeah yeah okay she'll put out and so
there's that picture and is there
anything in there that we don't know
where that we think is false that you
think is false
I mean it's got the normal it's got the
cause of death and seems appropriate you
know he's been sliced open yeah it's got
the carving in there and I mean it seems
like it's on the up-and-up the only
thing that it just it it has a lot of
spurious connection to the other nine
eight cases okay
spurious good word yeah and entirely
appropriate in this case I mean so short
of you guys having a really brilliant
idea yeah I think you know there's not
much yeah do you mean either because
again all we're doing is looking at Case
Files and unless we reinvestigate every
single murder again right suddenly gets
admitted to a practice law in New York
State
mm-hmm well there may be one other thing
that we can do hmm rich people are all
connected rich people who care about the
cause though rich people who are willing
to offer a favor hmm I did run into the
professor at Princeton yeah doctor uh
you never I mean you could ask Erica
Carlile you don't know don't have a word
with the governor or someone connected
they're there too
could be interesting at the very least
it's worth a try I'm the first question
she will ask and reasonably so is why do
you care well the same could be said of
her I mean she cares about dogs more
than people like on death row that's
fairly common for rich people yeah
apparently well again maybe less murder
if there's more drinking everybody just
exactly equals yeah you just need to
have everybody just chill out and have a
good time that's weed you're thinking of
okay so is there anything else we need
to do here at her all I don't think so I
think that you know sometimes sometimes
in life you know you take the ill mm-hmm
is there anything like I have looked
around as they were talking was there
anything anything on the walls or on the
so I was kind of walking around so her
office has like some frame like some
framed stories that she did it seems
like she was she was often on the on the
local beat and in in Harlem
she has stories about you know
restaurants opening and stuff like that
in Harlem
that's interesting that she's gone from
from Abita on restaurants opening to
doesn't get well no but also that she
doesn't know about the juju house or
like you know well it's a little hole in
the wall literally but but yeah I mean
you know what you could do there's an
idea perhaps take notice and see about
writing a story about the imports and
exports of the juju house let's see if
the owner would let you interview him
that might be a good idea don't ask
anything about anything specific but see
what that does see what effect that has
don't mention us either again we're
coming to talk to Joe Joe Joe
watch him don't watch him so the the
reporter and her wishes to ask some
follow-up questions about that remark
but well I mean yeah I'll check out this
juju house if nothing
there are a lot of cops getting paid off
out of that house so I'm with our own
words so it may have connections to
Robson if we can get robsons name in the
paper for the wrong reasons
mm-hmm things may start falling apart
for him and I am very much in favor of
that I don't care for him we're on your
side we don't want to see Adams go down
I really don't and and if we can
discredit the captain if we can get him
going down in flames then everything
that he's tied to Adams will be tied to
him because he's the one tying it to
Adams and it's really clear though
elias's death is my 20th intelligence is
like yes no that's the linchpin to this
whole operation Carla goes down Adams
goes free I think it's Robson but yes
okay whatever Carlisle the dude in the
white suit whatever what's this first
name who Robson yeah Walter oh so I'm
not even close not even close it's not
Carl Robertson no yeah captain Walter oh
yeah Walter Robson well look I just like
Stukas he he looks like a shady he
really does but it may may be useful to
see if you could start finding where
that dirty money's comes around with the
dirty cops a good angle so friends I
think we're coming to that the end of
our time the end of our evening yeah
it's 9:30
we will we will end on on a little bit
of a down note with Gooding realizing
that you know sometimes there are
intractable forces that you cannot
impact and you know that choices that
you make will have repercussions yeah
hmm that's life and and that is life so
next week or des a case Marc what our
chores are alive we're not raked across
our chests you know there's there's
nothing there's nothing more awful good
than well we're still alive
when did I click you tend to be lawful
good it's true trying to be an optimist
dear let's see our choices for quotes I
mean I think we we have a clear winner
coffee put what in it what are we doing
with the blood nothing my personal
favorite the dogs don't drink what they
need this for and then my dumb ideas
continue there is a better than even
chance that next week you might decide
that your time in New York is done hmm
so maybe think a little bit I'll just
kick out about think about what your
next steps might be in terms of places
that you're gonna go and we'll see what
happens next week
that's so much everybody what's you give
us a like give us a subscribe YouTube we
see you thank you so much
congratulations to cupcake corer for
winning hello yeah I denied round up
that kind of quarters a friend of mine
like my friends in cuz I'm like this is
what I do for seven hours a week
while my friends are here I'm mad I gots
dark all of my friends are like what's
twitch yeah like what's twitch but we
really appreciate it
and Monday natural one yeah Tuesday Kaos
agents Wednesday we're back we're back
here that's that's just a lot of
role-playing goodness so join us won't
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
