last week the Great Dane Society started
out deciding not to do blood magic in in
a rare moment of sensibility goodness
common sense I don't know they decided
not to do that they they went to a
lovely gala at Erica Carlisle's house
and it turns out that Erica Carlisle spent the rest of the session
fangirling wildly over alexandria
swingin she was trying so hard not to
fangirl it was it was adorable and that
led to some information and possibly
offers of assistance and I'm guessing
there'll be another visit to Erica
Carlisle's house at some point you also
went to visit I should be doing my
little pictures here for I'm gonna put
them out there you went to visit it's
gonna be the last one I find here of
course you went to visit Jonah
Kensington who is who was Jackson Elias
his publisher and he gave you some
information and some notes from from
Jackson however he was also you were
clear that he was leaving something out
there were some some details that he was
not giving you because he was
embarrassed it what I believe he said
that you know Jackson had been raving
and that sort of thing raving success
oh sure Johnson gave you a bunch of
signature also gave you a lead in London
a contact a guy named Mick Mahoney at I
want to say scoop magazine I think it
was who was a car guy that Jackson got
in touch with who those of you several
of you have trapped you know travel to
London back and forth and you know that
scoop is a tabloid of the word
Manor it's a very yellow sort of page
yes it's it's not a proper piece and we
we closed the night out with a visit to
the New York Times where our our party
of shining bastions of goodness
suggested to an innocent attorney that
suggests to do a New York Times reporter
that she go visit the juju house so get
ready for the reporter disappears news
story coming soon they're about to learn
a principal difference between D&amp;D and
call of cthulhu oh boy which is that
people matter we don't say to go it
alone that's true old hurts dangerous oh
sorry
what our reporters do pretend they're
ninjas and then write about it alright
so first thing in the morning you guys
have now been in Westchester with brief
trips into the city for three days it's
now Tuesday yeah I think so
Tuesday I want to say the 21st night I
have I got to bring those day in
calendars because keeping track of time
is a good thing but while you're keeping
fifteen hundred gold pieces over to my
favorite GI Joe villain the Baroness
gives us three inspiration which goes
along with the four inspiration that we
had leftover from last time mhm I think
there's five on the table there yeah I'm
gonna be known I'm not afraid to use it
here's lino back there yelling use the
entire generation ten episodes now I
think nine of them we've done GI Joe
corner maybe even all ten and I've gone
through almost every Cobra villain and
other than the Baroness it's kind of
been a sausagefest
you know Cobra was not what you'd call
an equal opportunity employer
but they did have in a later series
terrible villains that they added that
were we talked about Zartan the master
of disguise who had the awesome figure
he had a twin sister named Zarina and
Zarina was a master of disguise but she
was also a and this is a quote from the
back of her little GI Joe thing
world-class actress so I guess she got
good reviews or something and throughout
the course of the cartoon she would
pretend to be these various people and
it was always painfully obvious it was
her but the cartoon had this conceit
that she was a world-class actress and
so like the idiots in GI Joe would never
be like I think that's cerana oh that's
Becky we just met her and she just wants
to see why we have Serpentor in a Cell
let's show her shall we it was how did G
I do ever succeed as a unit there's a
lot of PUE yeah that's why I didn't
exist in my generation you think we need
Thank You Baroness as always by the way
there will be the next GI Joe corner
will involve ice cream are you bringing
ice cream I don't know if that so yes
like I'm really excited for GI Joe you
could bring GI Joe ice cream sandwiches
so it is Tuesday xx yes okay now the
morning of Tuesday xx Emma realizing
that she hasn't been home in three days
says I gotta go home my mom is probably
still upstairs yelling for me to start
her bath
or the phone's ringing he's random small
children coming yes he wants a root beer
barrels so Emma is heading back to her
house she you guys know her phone number
so if something goes down you can tell
her much with her that way it is so she
leaves fairly early in the morning cuz
it's about an hour into town mm-hmm uh
and after she leaves the three of you
totally made it Wow
critical yes I think I got a four of 35
so so you notice you guys are like at
the back window there's like what are
they French doors or Vermeer you know
and and you're sort of all having a cup
of tea looking out and it's it's January
it's snowy it's cold you notice some
rustling in the bushes you too with
critical successes you see a huddled
figure it's a human like shivering
mm-hmm
that is sort of hiding but peeking is it
obvious what they're looking at you get
it's looking into the house and into
where we're on so I just like sip my tea
and from behind the cap and like what
you guys got critical successes yes all
right
um you your eagle eyes it's you it looks
the guy looks familiar
it's a guy and it kind of looks like the
police officer that was in the partner
the guy who was whose partner turned
into a travel blanket heir-apparent Gila
excuse me I so you're heading out I'm
going out I'm going out with her so
pulling my boots on is essentially
your world was shattered he realized
that you know there are just horrible
awful things and and also wracked with
guilt at knowing that you framed an
innocent man you went a little loopy and
you you don't mound out where you could
find these people that you know you know
they're the old they're the only ones
that they fought that thing off you know
and you're terrified that that thing is
still out there and shir right yes and
so you're you know you're looking for
them or as you know you think of it
officer Mathis you know right you you're
looking for them to try and somehow
repay that debt but also to like protect
yourself and so you you've been out here
you're not dressed for winter you've
been out here since like the following
evening I'll chase you hitchhiked out to
Westchester you've you know you've
left you you can a wall from the force
you know your your your you they had put
you on administrative administrative
leave which basically means they're
gonna send you to a shrink twice and
then you know tell you you're fine as
long as the paychecks keep coming we're
at my house right you're at your house
yeah house I'm grabbing a blanket I say
dear can you start running a hot bath
please we have a guest who's frozen cold
typical another yes probably yes
probably attempt at bath would be safer
if he if his system is shark too fast
but we don't make it's too hot
poor chaps frozen that was one option
for a PC to I would have paid to see
that all right so where we're headed
night unified approach they have clearly
seen you professor
[Laughter]
exid's
undercover fun game and on youtube you
can play along too every time the Thomas
says something guess what the Addison
will be different every time it's weird
yes okay oh my oh my gillich honey yes
yeah yeah yeah
come come inside I throw the blanket on
your shoulder thank you thank you what
are you doing out to you you you were
frozen solid but I came to find you how
long have you been outside I don't know
come on no words a while this is the
I'm sorry I took off the top uniform I'm
just wearing sort of a regular he's
wearing a good sad suit yeah pretty much
a little too big for him yeah I ever
since the you know no burning you know
what the thing we do I I don't use front
doors anymore t I know it loves me
something so warm you pair yes we should
probably use the veranda door then if he
dear your path is not hot dear this is
off assume math no he Oh sir he's the
one who survives that thing I told you
the less I know about what you do
what you tend to do oh you mean saving
lives well that part is fascinating go
about making that happen but that builds
me but it officer be staying long
that depends I'll take that as a yes
I never got I never got your first name
McGillicuddy
there's like a nice little piece of
you know what really warms you up a
scone in the sky this is made of ski
butter in the team it's not too strong
but it's just enough to kind of relax
you what I mean yeah it's tell us that
what how long has it been it's been a
couple of days few days feels like a
week or more have you slept since the
incident maybe I might have blacked out
have you been drinking a lot
no it's alright if you have no it's okay
you're dealing with a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah
not drinking considered giggle water you
know that yeah yeah so what what happens
now I mean that that that thing is still
out there yes it is we weren't able to
kill it mm-hmm well we try to figure
out how to stop it that's what we've
been doing we've been doing research and
trying to figure out what's connected to
the creature we've figured out a few
things here and there
we know that the juju house has got
something to do with this are you have
you hung up your badge are you off the
force do they know where you are
I'm sorry that's a lot of questions it's
just they put me on paid leave
ah as they do so I imagine I don't know
just keep getting paid and do you have
to do something else I do yeah have you
been able to connect with them no I I
didn't think that it would be prudent to
go where they are with you know whatever
is out there not knowing that's Martin
smart so it's very smart yes so I came
to you we're already marked door we're
already marked if if if the parrot shark
thing knows about us it'll figure out
where we are eventually we sorta know
how to kill it
if you shoot it right hey you have to
shoot it a lot yes
shooting it a lot enough times will
cause it to die Allah we have seen one
of them die one of them yes we were in
Peru like remember your I'm remember the
questions you came to ask us one of them
was was or not we were in Peru hmm I
don't remember much from before it's
hazy it was something of a traumatic
night I understand well if you would
like to take a bath it your bath is
ready and we'll be eating in just about
an hour okay yeah and there's a guest
room some clean clothes and where's the
guest room it's down the hall three
doors on the left as you start to walk
like in the you walk you walk into the
open study and her husband is just there
with a newspaper and a large sniff Tia
Brander what's your concern my cheeks
hurt right what's in your cup and are
you sharing water from the fine machine
right out there question counts - Cheers
it's queston agua yeah we brand
everything here so sponsor us my water
could be brought to you by Q&amp;C
Nord games insert sponsor here alas
hashtag not spawned yet yeah so I'll go
up in yeah and get freshen up and take a
pass up a little bit so over the meal he
confirms all of your you know Robson is
bad but he confirms that Robson is like
terrestrially bad he's just a cop on the
take like he's never seen anything
like what happened with officer Mathis
none of that none of that crazy stuff
and he knows that among the police mote
Robson gets his drops and runs a
protection racket and so people pay him
and then they don't have problems and so
you you see you've actually seen a
payoff as a juju house all right about
that
is there any like indication that he saw
a change in his partner at any point
like he was behaving one way and then
started behaving a little strangely uh
no but you know you know that Mathis was
one of the people that was sent to the
juju house to pick up the envelope of
cash hmm was he ever sent to pick up
cash no hmm interesting
I'm almost right mm-hmm oh that's a
terrifying she'll be thrilled
all right well then what is our next
move from here we're beginning to run
out of goodwill in New York mm-hmm such
as it ever was
we've got Erica Carlisle mmm and then you
probably got you know something with the
juju helps yeah I say we could go back
to the juju house he he said I could
come back at any time
oh wait outside I was going to say you
might want to leave this one outside
Billy is the name of my cat clearly
that's the good thank you for that
helpful demonic
he goes squeek squeek so clearly you
should the fact that Billy has stuck in
your head then enemies is made it's like
I have two names for kids there Jimmy or
Billy fair enough fair enough
their stock characters I mean so I mean
you're a police officer what do you
think is the best course babe did you
just say that for the parents for the
dupe shoe house that he is an officer I
mean maybe the Bates not necessarily the
right or the right sentiment what what
is I mean what is what what do we do
what do we do I mean we can't we're in
New York we can't just start killing
things and I certainly know you're
worried about killing creatures that
want to do a song well I mean
technically you need a hug according to
law you need a hunting license of some
sort for unusual creatures doesn't go
towards animals oh that's an unlawful
discharge of a firearm so if a lion runs
the loose in New York or garrison when I
use a fire it's illegal to fire a
firearm in New York fun fact
stuff stuff gets ignored a lot when you
know parrots are involved and let's eat
or there's someone to blame it or yeah
or there's them well gang it up and the
20 that would be a patsy hmm
well we have several concerns there is
the issue with Adams yeah can you live
with yourself knowing that he's going
down and he's an innocent man no I just
don't you know what I can do about it
well your boss is the one that seems to
be calling the shots on that
ya know what to do about it he's
powerful he's got a lot of friends he's
got a lot of people on the take it's
that it's not the mayor that's above him
who's who's is a chief Lee's
commissioner he's commissioner and mayor
would be involved if you knew and some
of the governor go high enough if you
could get some proof that he was doing
this and I mean you're you know you
could almost be proof you really need
some backup like if you had a record of
payments or something like that make me
a luck role well I could also doing a
juju house and demand payment thirteen
Wow I was just about to suggest that
same thing but you came up with a wealth
elect role so exactly fate negotiating
power sure and maybe still a ledger if
they have one
Oh a ledger would be a very powerful
piece of evidence it wouldn't it that
way that would be the record then mm-hmm
would they have records of payments I'm
supposed to gonna oh my god have some
kind of the countess I could probably
sneak into the you know into the station
and just do you swipe it if there's
something there it's I mean it would be
tough but we'd have to find some way to
get it would have to get into the juju
house theoretically I should be able to
walk into the station you know oh yeah
officer McGillicuddy do you mind if I
Dave is it possible that this might be a
little too soon that you be coming back
and facing such creatures are you going
yeah but you know I mean it are you one
of those men that like to just jump in
and keep going - yeah I mean it depends
I'm just concerned about your well-being
because this to be fair there are very
few things that distract from unusual
circumstances more than something you
can see that's tangent
one thing I can say isn't I don't want
to see another one of those bird things
you should be prepared to you're a
trained office so you know that we're
going into the fire and then I need to
be prepared for that you're a reasonably
good shot when you're not missing and
hitting me in the arm it was an
interesting night yeah I'm I was back at
the phone cuz he even real good first
aid he doesn't remember that all right
nice lefty the whole thing no no this
was in my apartment
we Wayne so we threw it there's a fire I
just came out the aftermath yes so going
to the juju house is good but there's
still the matter of atoms well I mean is
of the essence he's going witness his
trial they pushed it up because remember
Rebekah said they pushed it up the new
with the new evidence she knows a date
can we figure out you can see it's in
the newspaper that it will be his trial
is next week mm-hmm
does your rich friend what's her name
yeah Erica Carlisle have any connection
with maybe the police commissioner or
the governor who she named but I think
it would be more long-term useful to
take the the chief down if possible and
the sorts of evidence that we can gather
would be the best for that all right
evidence with bait first please stop
calling him bait we'll get a sorry babe
I need to learn how to interact with
humans to be fair they are tricky
creatures mm-hmm
you're starting on this we've just seen
some really horrible thing exactly we
are humans who has had shared bad
experience so this poor wonderful woman
here has faced tours that you know it's
changed her voice yeah that little this
in the corner he's thinking about what
he did he's thinking about what he did
and giggling oh ho so what's the play
I mean is it I mean even he so let's say
we take down the chief you know it's not
gonna free atoms well if we can if we
can discredit the chief and then start
pulling at the threads that he has tied
from everything that's been happening
around the city yes
you know that's it captain the chief yes
captain pardon me if we can start
pulling on the threads that he has tied
from the incident at my apartment to
atoms and other things that I'm sure
he's been using atoms as the the patsy
for how long has Robson been in his
position he's been the captain of the
do you know who was in his place before
and where did and where did he come from
before that yeah he was a lieutenant
before that he worked he's been in
Harlem most of his career he worked his
way up the captain before that was a
captain Mason who retired hmm
kind of abruptly hmm was was that
captain on the take do you know I don't
know what's the probably yeah someone I
mean here you know what I mean there's a
timing here like Wis to Carla that's
good
versus when these people have been put
into power and I'm wondering so Robson
is you know he the juju house isn't the
only place that he's getting protection
money from and and again McGillicuddy is
pretty clear that Robson is not you know
the juju had the faculties a few houses
incidental and you know it's not like
he's a local small-time yeah yes but in
the more terrestrial matters if we're
going to focus on Hilton Adams then
bringing down captain Robson may be one
of our best plays have you have you
spoken to the press about the captain
yes only one well Rebekkah source New
York Times
you also have lieutenant Poole who was
the guy at Jackson elias's murder site
who who we believe is a good person who
could calm like in time that Robson was
not he you know he he in times that that
me having Adams as a patsy for this was
ridiculous ha how well do you know
lieutenant Poole you know of him yeah
him but he seems like a decent guy I
mean the the the problem going to him
you know to help with this is if it
wasn't Adams can we do we can't say what
it was that's true not to the public
maybe but but this has been all over the
press the Adams case has been very front
and center for some time if it suddenly
is he was released you won't be able to
go back to a life because everyone will
just assume that he paid someone off I
need to say this yes my love okay can I
need your help with something this is
really important
would you mind sitting in Furman is
baths too hot how about this spying it
has nothing to do with bath this
everything you do with your expertise in
science and medicine is it possible that
a disease could selectively affect
individuals through single interaction
you know like a single contact and the
reason why I ask is because it seems to
me that there's blue blood involved mm
maybe there's an outbreak but it's just
been recently contained that would be
like composability
yeah no no no not like the blue nobility
dear remember I told you there was that
there's a while oh there was that there
was that animal okay
are you alright do you sit down oh sit
down sit down hmm
I grabbed a wastepaper basket oh you
fumbled that sorry I mean I think that
is that that comes to a problem that
everyone might have with this and you
know I hate to say it but the system's
corrupt
I mean there's just no getting around it
I mean yes unless you are in power or
are powerful it's it's not gonna help
bring some hottie Tottie Azusa or some
water for a minute I'm gonna carry the
way paper basket outside and put it on
the veranda so thank you I mean if we I
mean if we could the only way the only
way that we can do something is to sow
doubt in the public we have to you know
we have to
implicate Robson in these murders that
he's covering up in blaming Adams and if
we can get somebody evidence in the
press to print that story that's the
only way that we can do anything here so
we need the evidence first
so we're suggesting that he's the
murderer and he's and he's been using
Adams as the fall guy or if it's his the
whole I mean we is an organization
actually yeah we say its whole
organization he's covering out for some
guy in the precinct or one of his toughs
maybe out of the precinct you know it's
not all cops his networks enormous I
imagine hmm he's small-time but he's big
enough for it's like mmm he's got to
have a weakness oh yes like his mainly
is all really only Harlem that is that
you would that you can assume is direct
you know anybody that he has direct
power over probably at least gonna stand
up for him
you also recalled that all of the
murders that Adams is is implicated in
were cult actions like they all had the
carving in the forehead okay
bringing Robson down as a cultist would
be hilarious maybe no really found a and
no it wouldn't be I think of it this way
if this is spending Hong Kong Shanghai
Egypt Peru London London New York we
create waves in New York a pretty
prominent City don't you think the rest
of their little friends worldwide are
going to make things a lot more
difficult for us we have to think of the
big picture here we're trying to solve a
much bigger global problem and adding
past that this way yeah I do agree with
you I mean Slee we should pay attention
to something as significant as Adams I
don't want him to know it do you
understand what I'm saying here I'm just
saying in terms of macro versus micro my
job you need we need we need we need to
bring him down just for the local crook
that he is you know we can't tie him
into the wanting to step in his place
right now we know who's in charge he's
the one that's in charge of this section
what about lieutenant Poole he where he
works the area - true but he's a good
guy so if we could use him to find out
who else in other jurisdictions is
running the show then we might have
something we could see the network right
now we don't know what the network is we
take him down another one will take its
place that's the way cults work and all
of my studies that's that's what happens
we need one piece of evidence tying
Robson to this to the shakedown suit
protection I can take that - lieutenant
pool and he can move from there if if
the ledger had one of his contacts or
names you know his name connect that
would be proof I have an idea it's
something about the chair it's
contagious I think we should talk to
Poole about our theory have the him and
you go to the juju house undercover as
cook good cops yeah and you know somehow
steal the ledger talk to in corny I hate
him him and bing-bang-boom
evidence with her and Poole to take over
Silas in corner
[Applause]
the kitty cat hiss yeah that's fair yet
yet I will kill them no you won't so
it's someone's the things first anyway
Oh God well we don't he summons I think
he's well I can we know from what we
found out we know he can influence them
I don't know if he can summon them but
you know he can influence them for sure
no you said you wanted to know
everything
anyway a little more civilized the
question though if if Adams is released
there's been enough coverage in the
newspaper about the symbols carved into
cultic activities that's not going to
just go away can we what is this symbol
what do I know what the symbols were
you've seen the picture of the that was
carved in the in the forehead yeah what
is it of it's like a circle with that
okay yeah gotcha
well I mean don't you don't want to talk
get enough of this picture look it's you
[Laughter]
I mean I don't want to I don't wanna I
don't wanna I don't want to tie Robson
up into this cult in case the cult
decides that it wants to use Robson and
and that said well that's a fair point
but all of the murders that that Robson
has been tying Adams to have had the
cultic element and that's not something
that will just go away I think
yeah I mean but that's probably I mean
he's being paid by the by the cult - I
had a question for you and I don't know
maybe this is just thinking outside the
box and the answer could be no but you
know just bear with me the DM always
wins those women do they scare him
outside the box I think we should have a
fallback plan and my my mind is kind of
like who it's that magician he like
disappears he's really popular you're
Dini Houdini
that's right dude disappearing act for
Adams and the reason why I think that
should be a fallback plan is because
regardless I think even if we cut him
out of the picture and somehow or other
Adams is going to die you are suggesting
a priest just before his execution time
and the reason why a fallback plan is
because an innocent man is going to die
Oh God
yeah and non innocent men are also going
to die who are not in prison also gay
adoptions to be - it should be fair
though breaking someone out of prison is
a reasonably good way to get other
people put into prison if it's if
anyone's caught breaking into some
random shop in Harlem sounds a lot over
the juju house probably it's easy taking
down a captain no no no you know be easy
going to the Midwest and retiring find a
farm I don't know have you seen the
winters there yes yes that's fair you
can always do that but then you won't be
you when you join the force for a reason
to help people right
yeah I don't know it's just what we did
family business mm-hmm
the actual bloom just name and you are
right as far as ease ability I agree
it's not an easy thing to do but we
should have we take down this captain
who's going to take his place and still
order the death of Adam's if you're just
joining us Plan B is breaking over the
prison not just prison things I don't
know I'm not breaking in maybe while the
the prisoners being transported to then
Oh an armed robbery of the prisoner we
could you know I mean we could go to
Sears and order up some tommy guns and
do this thing again unless you've got
some sort of boat ready to go and get us
out of New York that's not a good idea
I think step one mmm we break in the
juju house mmm we scour for evidence
maybe we kill somebody wait did I just
say that okay
say what out loud yes exactly maybe
horrible accent oh there we are we need
evidence and we need evidence to frame
Robson or two actually no not to frame
him not to try to prove that he is and
we would take it to pool pool would be
in line I believe you should take over
as Captain it that's good then that's
gonna paint a big target on his back -
yes aim but it also he's you know yeah
he's a he's a stand-up guy but I'm sure
he's got ambition another cool needs to
be on the loop here's another way we
could do this so we could get in with
captain that seems like a long game
that's a very long game and we've only
got about a week Wow why why do you only
have a week because that's no
yeah while Adams trial isn't awake I
suppose it's kind of its formality they
will probably expedite the execution
after living now yes of punishment
well what about I mean there's is anyone
on Adams aside other than reporters the
train and the reporter the reporter
Rebecca chef Shonen Berg and the
attorney
Carlton great mm-hmm and what about what
about his his neighborhood in Harlem is
he from Harlem yes if things had gone
better with the with the reporter you
might have gotten to meet his his wife
she I am okay with not meeting her
there's a reporter so okay I here's a
deal
what time is it it's still about
not easy to sit in that spot anymore
things I learned since 1890 execution
from 1890 to 1960 something all
executions in New York were the electric
chair mm-hmm ol Sparky
never wanted to have the chair
malfunction pain sounds horrifying oh
yeah before it starts it I'd be happy
with a good bullet in my head so the
chili is that sing sing so there's no
transporting right yeah I mean I mean
there's on the obvious just throw
dynamite places there yes but that's
ridiculous
yeah I don't I don't that's that's
that's another life he's currently on
life to in this campaign so at what
point do you does military step in for
such big affairs I'm just out of
curiosity
I don't know how this know that the
governor would have to call it in and we
knew would have to be a well I mean if
eclis the military does not have his
powers yes all right well this ganodi
the the National Guard would be brought
in for assistance but only unlike a
natural disaster well my concern is we
have multiple locations one big massive
what was it ritual sacrifice there's
been a lot of things going on trying to
make more of these we've got to stop it
I think we really need to talk to pool
and then have both of you go into the
juju house steal any kind of evidence
and then do that first and I'll go in as
a backup like maybe later because he
Silas in khones given me you know he's
like an invitation to come back and if
for whatever reason here's my here's my
problem III don't think breaking and
entering with the lieutenant will go
well that's fair I think I think like
being undercover and going eyes as one
of the Pacific oh yeah so me as a on
leave Cobb in-kwon I wouldn't know that
no no but the lieutenant would yes hello
officer that's on psychiatric leave
would you like to do well there's these
burnt so you might not long let's just
do it let's just get this on with I'm
bait I get it see Dave's on boy let's do
this I need it I just like I don't need
to go to Sears you just say that you've
been you've been so welcomed into this
group it's yes it's been a warm warm and
cuddly so in your going during the day
or in the
evening in our version of the 1920s
would what female cops have been a thing
or much of a thing I mean not really
okay maybe secretaries at the station
yeah yeah that's right I'm hesitant to
let you go in by yourself but I'm not
sure what's were no I'm going in at
night all right in that case I'm going
in with you I was gonna say if you're
gonna break in then because the shop
closes at round three between 3:00 and
5:00 and evening hmm and I have an
invite to go in so if you wanted to be
with me that would be less less
suspicious I told him that I was gonna
come back to buy the lion I can make
sure that I have enough money to do so
that's right I'll sit in the car burn
away his eyes at this one oh that's
right I I don't want to go in when
anyone's there I agree if somebody's
there troubles gonna happen I mean they
can't just what you're gonna happen even
if we think no one's there well and and
going in going in with him and with you
you have been tied to bells
okay now and Jana has tied bells to the
parrots and I mean the parents have been
tied to you and I because it came to us
I don't want to be turning parents you
if I bring a my going in in broad
daylight with him yeah and in quantity
doesn't know Alexandria and you sure you
can disguise yourself as a male cop I'm
sure I have no idea what you're talking
about all right what's the plan I don't
know what is the place who aren't going
in well gonna stay on the car all right
we're going in at night so why aren't we
all going that's the question Wesley
allows me and I don't want to die
wait wait I'm not are we over not hiding
is it really difficult to hide in 1920s
like every time I suggested it it seems
to be king I mean I know I can hide in
Harlem this guy is the thing but you
have to roll them right and stealth is
also a thing and you have to roll for it
and you and he will make us do those
check plenty of inspirations that's true
yeah
or pushing roles even better Oh III
think that break-in him at night is
going to be our best bet and I think we
should all do all of us not so because
magic right you could help problem he's
why do you think he's not going to pass
the only reductions I know I have now is
one on me okay well I don't it's not I
was just thinking there's no alarm
system there but you say there's magic
there's probably magic some kind of
magic trigger that couldn't set him off
knowing that I'm there we all have like
I guess magical fingerprints as you want
to call it mm-hmm he would he would he
know if we're there no maybe you're not
magical beings no offense you don't know
that
that's nice for you to say that but you
don't know that well that's actually
insulting that's like saying we're not
alive and I'm sorry we all have life I'm
getting out of the way this one as a
policeman and as a semi criminal so more
people you add the bigger the problem
becomes very quickly and this is a small
tight-knit sort of neighborhood because
it is literally a little door in an
alleyway surrounded by a bunch of other
buildings
Merrill's if there are more than a few
people who are pretty good at staying -
shadows we will be seen okay so what are
we arguing here didn't didn't what why
are we splitting up the party that's
that's a good point
we're not exactly splitting the party
you you stick in the car so you're close
by if we that's never worked before I
don't want to bring all of us directly
into I'd rather us all be there because
because because and I go like that no
this is from me facing it the first time
I barely lived okay and there were five
of us that time you and I faced it and
it was the four of us or three of us you
me you do you remember we barely
survived that your apartment was
destroyed I don't want four of us
against one if he summons one of those
things if we can avoid writing at all
rude if we can avoid fighting at all
then we've won true but what do you
think that he's not gonna know the
moment someone crosses his his threshold
so circles as a reminder this is the
layout here this is the juju house this
is the alley that leads to one hundred
and thirty seventh Street this is the
tenement we're not Billie Lou
Jimmy lose and so that is the front room
of the Jew house there's a curtain back
here that sort of leads into smells
where and there's an abandoned pawn shop
next door well no that's the tenement
we're we're turning then twist [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
just regard with the official Maps
that's right okay there's some G you can
do I can't do anything by the book GM
fee I mean I don't know I don't know
what to do and Jackson Elias practically
emptied his clip in that thing and would
refer to die I did empty mine into it
point blank huh
so why we fighting over not splitting up
the pirate party is that it mm-hmm so we
don't want to come in get me out god
I'll go in fine luckily in America it's
easy to get fine get guns thank God
god bless america so I mean one thing
like if that parrot thing unless it can
go back and forth between people being
people it wouldn't really fit in the
juju house okay like it would destroy
everything that's in there trying to get
in and out because the juju house is a
tiny it's it's very small and honestly
even if it was able to use a person to
get through the front door it would
still destroy everything bursting out
right and be tied so er than I am you
don't think I mean it doesn't seem to
use a very weighted term here it just
doesn't seem logical to think one of
those things in the juju house I'm
concerned about him like drawing a
circle and raising one and summoning
literally and hound your things have
happened that's more of what I'm
concerned about less concerned about the
one that's free I'm concerned about him
soloing as a cop you could do a stakeout
you know you could like just spend a day
watching the place and get a sense of
like when does he leave what happened if
you know that sort of that's a good idea
because tonight it'll be it'll be the
way it'll be you know that's all you're
doing that day but right now you don't
have any in for me you know you're him
you know you don't know what ya happy
well maybe I can see some of the other
tops I might come by if that's a thing
you might recognize somebody that sort
of thing and and our goal would be to be
there when he's not there and assuming
you're assuming that he doesn't live you
know in the back room it would take him
some time to get there
and that will give us time to find
something and get out I can do my best
to do some kind of misdirection
redirection I would say hiding spell on
you it won't be as powerful but it's
something it's close to the new moon
nothing full yeah I'm not that full new
moon it's not not completely there you
go there's still just shining in this
guy yes yeah but it's something I
understand your impulse do not have have
everyone split up it's just because I
want us to survive I I completely
understand that but as you pointed out
Jackson Elias emptied nearly nearly a
full clip into the thing and you
include a full clip and it survived not
the first time they die but the second
time around there were three we had five
to one and this time it was three to one
and it got away
yes so if two the one that sounds like
death of those two that go in and I
don't want to see you guys died one
thing we forgot is holy water does
something to it as we test it out with
the teeth so we can stop by Emma's house
our church and get some holy water
that's a good idea we could see that's
now that's making a little more sense
week we could call Emma and ask her to
call in some connections gallon of holy
water please but I think that a stakeout
would probably be the best idea so that
we have an idea of when our best window
to get in and out in five minutes it
looks and I'll do my protection spells
talismans for you guys all right the
last time I did something like that we
got harassed by the local patrol coming
up do you know who it was
it was they forgive us their names that
are remembered I think it was a said of
impressing us I'm flipping for me it was
to beat cops 4700 79 okay and you're
trying to protect the car or so three
talismans yeah for all three of that
mine already where one normally yep okay
so basically it kind of hides their
personal signature yeah sure and you
made the panel oh I thought it was a
cult whirl
don't die alright so the stakeout is
actually gonna go pretty uneventful II
mm-hmm
you will see you get there about 3:00 in
the afternoon and you're kind of just
laying low in the car about five o'clock
Silas dressed in a stressed in street
clothes not in the in the the Masai
I've only been harping on every episode
uh he much much to Alexandria's
annoyance but he leaves with this
gentleman who is tall terrifying 263 and
super built he's muscular
he seems very cautious he looks around a
lot in Kuan a seems you know like he's
just going through the motions they both
leave at 5:00 about 7:00 only in Kuan a
returns and goes back into the alley and
then does not come back out what data
make is it it is Tuesday night and as
he's taken out by it by himself or did
we decide to have so many ways I'm guys
can all be there there's a nice before
people will easy fit no easily fit in
the car well easily fit and be
conspicuous potentially he seems like so
the last time you did this it was
after you'd already gone into the store
and all that stuff this time it seems
like nobody's noticing yeah very quiet
so so we're assuming too that he lives
there right that seems to be the
inference that that would be my
assumption that he lives in the tenement
next door mm-hm Oh or in the store
itself or in this you are potentially
which to me was trying to break in there
he's he's he's gonna know the moment we
do that if we just saw him our leave for
two hours and if he does that every day
in between 5:00 and 7:00 with that
terrifying skinny gentleman hmm and it's
Tuesday so it's a weekday tomorrow's
Wednesday the likelihood of him leaving
at the same time very high hmm
I mean we would have to stakeout for
several days in order to get an actual
the pattern yeah but I don't think we
have done enough time
although when is the new moon it's in
two days Saturday I say we do it
tomorrow would it make sense for us to
have more shielding before we go face
somebody who knows magic just one oh
this is not my area what do you think
bells this is not my department
I don't like the waiting I don't either
but you know and the time there would be
higher for you guys right assuming that
he doesn't live in the store and he
lives in the apartment buildings next
door well can you describe the vision
again you had a vision
he was looking straight at me he knew I
was there watching did it look like he
was in the store or did it look like he
was somewhere else do you think Ezra did
I see if it looked like he was mm-hmm or
did I just see his face you just saw him
yeah it's just his face and then kind of
cloudy fuzziness around him so I don't
really see surroundings unless fair
enough
one of the the awesome props they give
you is a book Jack oh that oh do I see
that yeah you can read the you should
autograph it dad Jackson always since
we're on that break the Hefner has
my user name is Ezra Denny you have to
actually like be logged in Wow thank you
thank you that is amazing who is our
moderator now in the channel grotto as
is the Baroness good moderator evil I'll
let them fight over who's the evil eye
thank you so much Hefner that is awesome
and welcome to ten subscribers who my
wife's username I mean if she's in the
chat chances are good that she got
nabbed there we go
okay so yeah you you stay there till you
know 3:00 in the morning no or so they
have nerds dibs on evil excellent the
code the member of Cobra mrs. Cooper's
so yeah so it seems instead that he
lives either in the shop or in the
tenements and chance and so chances are
best that it's the shop because the I
would imagine there are enough things
there that he doesn't want to be far
from it that being the case it looks
like between five and seven or is our
best bet
I think five fifteen is our best bet so
in January at the arc by then so he's if
he's going someplace yes for me the way
farthest away yeah
I start looking around is there any
place from above that can watch that
barrel away pretty I mean it's a
tenement if you could get up on the roof
of the tenement let's go visit Jimmy I
think we need Emma for that her friend
Emma told us and that's not suspicious
at all here have some root beer barrels
this number Jimmy's been at your house
for like three days you know I do like
the idea job of all in her and and and
ask him to be hooked up with some holy
water yes yes sure she'll get you you
know all that production she'll get you
some amount of holy water
the he the the Archdiocese of New York
has some strange quite has some question
so she's gonna need to pull some strings
may I make a donation money-wise I'm
also willing to walk into any Church and
just scoop I mean not in a church like
it's a man in a Catholic Church
Gemma gets the real stuff that she knows
is blessed by a bishop right yeah in
there or the poem your honor
isn't that an Irish name it is Irish
Catholic Prague I can't get where I need
to get to all right so you you crash you
know fairly hard they get home about
4:00 in the morning I'm not gonna do the
magic at night talismans all right
so no sleep six so you do yeah you do a
whole thing make a con role mmm oh I did
make it damn it alright so and then
that'll come right back to us because
hedonistic not him
Niall Niall no sounds better but it was
so yeah you you are tired from staying
up all night you're gonna take a
disadvantaged I know but on things until
you rest okay
nicely been we're not going told yeah
you're not going till five anything else
I'm gonna wake up at noon it on us it
might be the best idea for you to just
sleep as long as you can yeah I'll pull
the heavy curtains so it's nice and dark
and if it's nice being rich in a luxury
house all right so we're gonna fast
forward to five you get there you get
there a little early and you're sitting
or watching and plenty of second
breakfast and elevenses eleven onesie
yes the two men leave at five o'clock
right around five o'clock
once again all right throw talismans at
each of you what does it look like no no
teeth yeah it's a dissolve parity that
turned into gravel yes yeah they're just
like little pieces it's a little vial
there we go para travel very
supernatural inherit gravel tools about
so ten till six was when we decided you
guys go the door is locked
the door is a pretty standard glass you
know glass pane wooden door with a
curtain pulled that like with a shade
pulled down and it it's got the closed
sign all right I'm gonna have a look at
the lock okay
take a look does it look particularly
difficult it doesn't look really
difficult no all right
keep an eye out I'll see if this
actually work so I rolled a thirty okay
so you're gonna do this but it's gonna
take a little you failed right yes yeah
so you're gonna do this is just gonna
take a little longer
I figure gonna say it could help so you
it feels like you know feels like 15
minutes well you know time far too long
time is a immutable concept so you step
in to the juju house and like slip and
slip my lockpicks away I'm sure you saw
me marking there is a quick casing there
are just cases all around with stuff in
them this is the front register area and
then here's the curtain and there's a
carpet on the ground behind the register
so the Heffner just gifted once up to
Ezra Demi not only that that takes his
total gifted subs to 42 same Hefner sent
your address France Waze is headed your
way he's got a couple of months and some
t-shirts heading his way know that yeah
great I greatly appreciate it yes thank
you very much I'm old I watch YouTube
fair okay so yeah you're in there can I
sense any magic like anywhere Nvidia
power rule 45 out of 60 so you like
about 5:30 you let go into a little
trance mm-hmm and you ask the cards
what are you asking the cards oh you can
grab the card throwing the thing is
it's a good way to phrase this you've
learned that you need to ask very
specific questions alarm to detect magic
and other humans and terrain or exiting
this building the card that flips over
what's the highest number of a suit the
county the King funny one is like a
trump the highest the highest normal
number like 9 or 10 no pen yeah it's
done time all right so in a moment the
the 10 of what's the people suit the one
there's like swords and cups and one of
them a person no no no I thought it was
like a knight or a P those those are all
royal Carl okay yeah they're gonna
playing playing cards it's the same
they're like the jack backing in a
normal and so each suit has its own I'm
gonna say the ten of cups mm-hmm
is what you flip over interesting tena
koe I mean like the actual Tarot it
means like a happy family
yes Oh Association it's total bliss
right way so murdered it's it like a
nightmare everything's just it's like I
know the turo good job it's great
don't touch anything besides evidence
let's go with that I'm not gonna tell
them like what action she flips the card
over and you're like and goes it kind of
her eyes get all glowy like all right so
you
with the instructions not the time not
touch evidence yeah you enter a room
that seemingly is all evidence alright
so we are looking for a careful or any
sort of record-keeping thing you said
that he said that there is a carpet
behind the register yeah there's like a
draw a little sort of floor carpet under
behind the counter and right in front of
the curtain
flip the carpet before you step on it I
I was actually going to say that I want
to walk over to the carpet and like poke
it with a toe and Sinton see if anything
goes left there's like a dead trap
there's no give there come no no no no
my turn foot pole no I'm poking it with
my toe to see if there's let me see if
there's like a gentleman
I give like a plank that gets pulled
aside sorry I am starting like crazy so
I pull it up okay I make a rule I did
not make it okay
inspiration inspiration integration yes
first inspiration you pullin a me hey
bull the Navy it's worse critical you
know Jackson's spot hidden was like to
be fair mines only 35 yeah same so I'm
gonna make you an offer
oh boy you can see something but it's
gonna take some time or you cannot see
something I don't want to see something
okay I so you pull the carpet up and
that sort of makes you like lean down
and you start looking and you find what
you're pretty sure is the crack of like
some sort of trap door or something how
well made one because I didn't feel it
so look for any trigger mechanism that
might treat so there's a there's a
there's a trap door under here or
something I'm gonna come have a look
okay I'm not touching anything I pull I
pull out one at one of my knives and
kind of like find it find the edges of
it with a very sharp end of you you find
them and you're pretty sure that you
could you could it's locked so you'd
need to modify got you some lock picking
to get in there dude can I find like a
little mechanism Jeff yeah you can you
can you can do it again it'll take time
yeah exactly get in there get in there
I'm gonna see where anywhere else the
ledger might be well I was gonna
seventeen of ten okay so it'll take you
a little time but not and I like in noir
yes you'll get it open are you so
there's there's the cash register but
that's pretty much all that it's on the
counter you can pull the curtain aside
I'm like to do that these are the only
two that are in here right now as I
recall I wait oh did everybody go and
this is clearly Silas in quantities room
so you're like leading down getting this
thing open I can make him like feel the
draft on my back I'm like are you
should've told me before you pulled that
open view so the back room is a sleeping
mat it's a few bits of clothes and
shouldn't be drafting it's his room it
just feels weird having an open door
behind me and there is a number of sort
of tribal accoutrement for some African
tribe you can make an anthropology role
to try and might help with extra
protection magic if I know anything I
won't make the Anthropology rule
probably the archaeology I could
probably do but not and I only have like
six in it
but we can try it's always worth a try
okay they're clearly African and they're
not these are not art pieces
are sort of pieces that are like sitting
around his room and there is indeed a
ledger book there which anybody with a
counting skill can take a look at and
see if they know I have I have the base
so without a counting skill if you want
to take some time I'll give you some
information with a counting skill if you
make a roll you'll get the information
in a lot less time I like what I like
glanced at my watch as I'm as I'm
picking them you've all right yeah you
can all make an accounting role if you
so again none of you were accountants it
appears we need Ted this is not the this
is not the receipt book for the shop
that much you can get very quickly this
is not like you know Jim Smith bought a
lion for 50 bucks you know can we find
Robson's name or anyone that we know
there are no names there's no names are
there numbers there are some numbers
yeah there any sort of pattern that
looks like a consistent amount mmm yes
yes it looks like a weekly payment of
$500 and what that on Fridays wasn't it
yeah Friday where's my payment
Wow the fact that I remember that so I
just want to quickly jot down how long
okay so I write more than you can hear
about it well no it's been about eight
months let's say okay once so you
there's a click and you get the trap
door open there you are gently pull it
open and like pull it open and lean back
as I'm opening it okay you guys have
you open it and there's just a stairway
down what time is it
it is about 625 15 minutes ladies and
gentlemen we have wheat and wheat and we
have a hidden we have a hidden room down
here at the meadow at the very least sir
flashlight like somewhere a candle in
the room you can find a candle sure
maybe you're you're a criminal make me
an intelligence an intro all right
14 out of 80 yeah you know using the
candle would be evidence that you were
there because he burnt down that's why
it's like he's got a flashlight now you
want to go first so you know what I'll
go first you find the light switch if
you want to turn the lights on ya know
I'm about to but might want to look at
the steps going down before you go down
see if there's any it's the streets
it's a say now used to breaking the law
all right so you begin you get used to
it pretty quickly it's a fun hobby hey
boy there is Oh a room that is pretty
much empty except for a large pit on
this side there are on this side there
are manacles in the wall the pit is
covered there's a like wooden cover and
there is a curtain another curtain right
here everybody make me a listen roll oh
boy
seventeen out of 47 missed oh I mean
exactly anybody that made the listen
roll I can check that now feels like you
hear as you're coming down you hear like
a shuffle kind of like a shuffling sound
and I'm and I'm just good radio
something and I'm and I'm taking the
lead as we go down one one knife in hand
flashlight is not in the lead then no
okay you're gonna have to shine it
okay what you're you are down in the
basement yeah all right so I see a
covered pit
I see manacles on the wall and I see a
curtain covering something where is this
carpet curtain is right there so it's
like walking off that corner oh I see I
see
so that stuff is episodes oh there's a
curtain that looks like it's a door of
some variety hmm all right I'm gonna
like motion McGillicutty over and set
and like whisper pulling Hank gun and
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the hammer to just be ready okay
and I'm and I'm gonna reach out with
with my left hand because I have a knife
in my right and then pull the and pull
the curtain aside carefully all right
when you open the curtain a number of
things are gonna happen here we go holy
water I'm ready for first way to go to
initiative something learn second well
actually first we'll go to sanity rules
but well actually roll them first
because I want to see how you react
understand you're gonna read I want to
see how this will change my description
is the sand roll I totally made it made
it okay
so you pull it aside mm-hmm and standing
in front of you is the reporter Rebecca
Shoshone and Bert oh now looking very
gaunt and really hungry and with her are
two other people that you don't
recognize also very gaunt kind of pale
very hungry let's get them out of
here now
I'm gonna I'm gonna make each of you an
offer you probably don't this doesn't
apply you're gonna decide if you care
that this reporter has been something
Horrible's been happened to her and
she's now some sort of undead least
weight on that beast like a zombie or
something do you care
yeah absolutely can you lose three
sanity yes do you care yes do you lose
to sanity do you care
I'm very interested in the answer to
this question that will not in any way
have implications no okay you lose no
sanity so I run in right away
to free them and help get them out the
kellicotti all right now so we're going
to initiatives
so that's Dex's wait I was in front of
him I can like elbow him and though he
is he goes first you know I'm trying to
get past you fair enough you can block
him certainly okay it is get their
stance let me go
thank you clickable hot links of the PDF
version okay 75 what is what is it what
do you do we don't roll initiative and
call of cthulhu yeah 70 all right so
you're going first and 75 yeah excellent
I just barely beat you I can like I I
don't know McGillicuddy very well but I
imagine that it has a good cop he's
going to want to do something and I feel
like I have seen something like this
before as far as like the deathless
hunger thing because they seem different
than the car series but it was sort of
hunger
it's not that they're not that they're
not car serie right but and I assume
that they are just they've been helped
right here people who've been stuck in a
room and I'd like throw a hand back and
and and put my hand in the middle of
McGillicuddy's chest and say we just saw
Rebecca two days ago she should be fine
and she's not something is very
something is supernaturally wrong here
holy water so my action is mostly keep
him from going in so I I will wait and
see then okay on a 65 all questions are
answered as hmm yeah okay so 65 is
Rebecca she will she will step forward
and just clawed you with her fingernails
and she misses excellent she's
reaching out for help
mm-hmm I like dodge a side right that
was a 65 60s 50s all right no no I'm
weak I'm just very very nimble I'm
one of the other ones everybody that
sees them can make an occult roll you
made it yeah critical success jewelry
out of 50 you Wow okay you notice a very
particular tiny little wound the that is
a part of the ritual of juju
zombification so you're pretty sure
these are Simba which is plating
some sort of is is one of the many forms
of zombies that dude the juju religion
involves with which suddenly makes the
juju house name make way more Sun
alright so it was just D house out of
fifty five I would know that she's dead
already
like no savable this isn't laying like
this isn't like that you're going to
sleep for a long time and your makeup
will do what I say no this is that your
dad and I brought you back to like have
it you are a husk of yourself this one
is not alive so I know maybe thank you I
didn't I made it no I did not I'm gonna
spend a look mmm alright so it makes it
a one-point to me the flashlight would
have started flailing around as you were
freaking out okay you're the flashlight
is staying on the horrors thank you um
they clearly have no problem at the dark
so the second one is going to try to
grab you Wow you cannot fumble with
natural weapons which is very lucky she
slips on a wacky the third one like
that's a small it's a small alcove so
it's tiny the third one is just like
where do I go yes proposition yeah
that's why I allowed very much right
next to each other you are very close to
each other okay so you're behind him
he's he was second with the flash let me
see one of those vials holy oh hey
mister wanna Bob
wanna buy some blood man what you need
ones free after that you pay with your
soul all right here's some holy water
water and I remember any like blessing
or like begun kind of saying and once
again we learned that you are book stuff
she is like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stuff blah yeah totally
but you know no spells you're you're a
trying you are you know like prayer this
is like prayer you can try are you are
you religious is faith important to you
that would that would be the defining
factor of faith I mean praise our
prayers are basically spells anyway it's
true
that's a great way to get people mad at
me ha she curiosity of ancient cultures
is discovering that you know she's kind
of a scientist who's right like you have
any Cthulhu Mythos mmm so Cthulhu Mythos
would really be the driving factor for
actual magic unless you were you know
well I'm hoping that maybe just throwing
it up give it a throw yeah and I mean
it's gonna splash so this is just you
know this is just to see if you connect
it on or if there's the Holy Hand
Grenade under t ethnicity
Oh over here way over here yeah nobody
ever puts bro hold needs mm-hmm
I did not what did you roll and 19:1 all
right just watch they're going that that
looks like a seven for a second yes
pushing is where you give me a reason
why you're gonna roll the roll again you
come up with a story is my roll again
and then if you make it great if you
double or nothing you make it great you
don't roll you failed you follow goo
puddle the eternal puddle that was glass
clear underneath in the name of science
Holy Hand Grenade oh and I remember
three so that was a critical success you
with a critical success I'm gonna let
you sit all three of them so roll me a
d6 okay beautiful - all right so the
holy water hits all three of them and
they definitely like back away a little
interesting hmm
they react I die you've got a 30
something 32 the same thing all right
make me a throwable I don't forget to
nope
all right so again that's just a roll to
see if you hit them directly on so roll
me a d6 one okay you feel like you
splashed one of them a little bit
littles I knew that one react at all a
little yes don't blame Dave and from now
on out every every every vile you use
after - I'm gonna have you make a luck
roll if you don't make the luck roll
you've run out of vials okay that's how
will its fair randomize how many she
gave you all right we're back to the
top we win 75 75 I'm mm-hmm hi can we
just run away we could but we might get
followed and what more evidence than
these I mean :
yeah but I dead reporter zombies dead
reporter that reporter who is it who has
me now look forward to you getting the
body out of here I don't like this idea
I mean
and that's when weekend at bernie's was
invented all right I'm gonna go in
and make a knife attack on one of the
two that I don't know okay today he's an
inspiration on that yeah yes yes yes
we've got a pusher we have the info I'll
spend it was that a me yes but I missed
yeah all right so rank out with a knife
and your knife goes into it mm-hmm and
doesn't like you know you didn't hit it
somewhere you needed to hit it it feels
like you know it feels like it's arms
are not you know particularly important
chair enough Sony I am going to you are
in a position where you could use a
firearm and not be in such a bad way I
am going to reach in to the one closest
to me yeah and grab it and smash its
head against the wall nice perfect all
right make me a brawl role fighting
brawl for inspiration
yes yes it's gonna be like Samus is now
third on the Amy
directly under me Wow
would you roll a three all right so it's
not a fumble boy that inspiration is
one four four
that was 70s on a 65 it's 25% that's not
bad for Cthulhu that's true these things
only have a 30% fight so mmm nope
doesn't make it so Rebecca once again
tries to claw you
what's weird is she's tried to call you
but her fingernails are pretty much
normal
hmm they're I mean they're you know
they're long so she has animalistic
tendencies but you know like claws the
one behind her is gonna try and just
pick you up bodily so this is gonna be
an opposed strength role can I argue for
Dex to get just get out of the way sure
all except well if you're gonna do that
it's dodge okay so all except that okay
so what is very slightly better than
damn I'm gonna do a thing that I don't
like doing no look no I'm not no I'm not
because my dodge is 37 and I rolled a 39
so yeah you'd have to spend a fair
amount and I've spent a fair amount sit
yeah you need a hard success just to
make it a wash mm-hmm okay so all right
it picks you up and we put in spirit
actually it just grabs you by the throat
and lifts you all around my throat again
I got it grab it and it's hands yeah
this round you won't make me a Sandra
okay you've got some you know issues
195 not what you rolls 95 95 and I'm
going to leave that because it's maids
very character
well you can't I mean a fumble you can't
alright so it picks you up by the throat
and like all of the sudden the feelings
around your throat mmm-hmm just bring
everything back yeah Peru and you
just go catatonic immediately mmm you
use you lose eight sanity Jesus Christ
okay and you just slump unconscious okay
this is why you don't know why zombies
just like a limp hanging fiesta and you
were just limp hanging so you all see
this thing
it reaches in it grabs alexandre by the
throat and lifts her up and she just
immediately goes limp oh actually first
there's like a you try to scream mm-hmm
and and you can't and like that feeling
of constricted air is just what yeah
it's you so there's like a right and
probably probably light like a full-body
jerk yeah I like all right
that was there's one more of them it
again can't really get past the others
so it's out doing a whole lot 40s yes
I'm smashing one of those things over
the head of the one that's holding like
if I can come up and just like a vial
yeah okay sure in fighting brawl let's
call it try to fight and roll okay nope
did not make it okay
didn't critically fail make me a luck
roll nope didn't make that easy all
right you have one vial left oh boy like
an inspiration then and now it's you or
not I
I don't want them to be only one vial
left there's only one vial I should be
use it for my 38 special and shoot the
one holding Alexander in the head okay
call me a firearm make me a pistol rule
I think you just have the base 25 or you
do you have X is it the handgun handgun
yeah 30 oh there you go
all rights take a shot Oh 19 nice all
right so I don't die today
[Laughter]
roll it
yes my god damn it 2-1
all right so what is something plus
anything ah no there's no damage bonus
on firearm damn so it's holding her up
like this and you shoot it in the arm
and it doesn't even seem to notice on
mine it says d-10 oh sorry then do a
d-10 sure what you say alright son
okay better real freaking loud make
me a luck roll oh boy roll good real
good
yes please real good roll well over
there thank you I'm 48
yeah I made it okay so you blow the
arm off of this yeah one of the arms and
you fall to the ground
comatose and it's like it kind of
doesn't notice it's like the other hand
sort of stays up there this round and as
it's like right elbow up and it's like
this and there's no argument there
okay next round 75 goes 70 goes first
just pick up Alexandria and let's get
out okay yeah it shouldn't be obvious
that you were here it doesn't matter at
this point ease of holy water
yeah it'll probably dry by the time they
alright are you guys all just gonna
leave dancing
do not chase you up stop wow that was
the whole thing it looks like they can't
operate stairs let's go get a piece of
it I shot up a dog gravity' let's go all
right are you leaving or not I want you
you picked her up what are you doing
yeah well yeah okay so you head back up
the stairs yep alright what are you
doing I'm backing off but is there
anything else important in this room
there's a big pit covered with wood
covers like a would cover don't want to
know what that is yet
let's go then there's nothing hanging in
the walls new situation Oh Martin
there's so the light is gone oh the
light is gone
oh you're going the dark you're on with
the flashlight just to run you aren't
the flashlight is heading up the stairs
so there's a little light from oh no you
didn't turn on the lights in the store
so there's no light there's a little
light from the flashlight all you see is
like the glint of dead people's eyes
that's beautiful cuz we only had 15
minutes and I shot a gun we yeah we need
to get out yeah we need to get out and
there's zombies you can't kill one that
I know we can we just don't have the
firepower let's get out of here so the
stairs I point the flashlight back down
okay look are you gonna grab the arm
yeah I got I grab the arm I love my
teeth so you're okay with mine with with
my jack definitely we were here okay
maybe they've got into a scuffle alright
every all three of you make me an
intelligence role we should burn the
whole place down
alright so with two critical successes
we should burn the whole place down the
whole place down I kind of like if
nobody picked up the ledger
well it wasn't it wasn't downstairs no
it's in the base yeah so we just got you
just got
upstairs yes grab-grab adding around at
this point Graham is unconscious over
your favor I'm like I hate firemen but
this is fine all right make sure that we
put the mat back I don't know why I'm it
let's try you are sure it is not back
the way it was
it's too late now the zombies lost in
our Alexander is the only one that
would've known how to do it right yep
yeah Sherlock pick skill yes in fact
it's better than Irv you could well so
you can try and relock the thing so
lock-picking takes time okay it's the
challenge what time is it you said it
was about 625 15 minutes well is there
hello please call the police all right
you called with something that I mean
you take the litter you know you know
the VAT do you want are you calling like
just a general number or are you calling
like I'm not knowing that you know
nine-one-one Ford's yeah you call it
there's lint so that though that's
actually a police call box but you know
the number because you're a cop okay
there's been a murder at this location
who is this and I say the name of that
guy corner yeah and you give them the
address yeah all right make me make me a
luck roll you figuring that you should
you should leave the trap door open
because they won't find it and should I
leave the ledge right here I made it in
yeah then they don't there's they
they're like all right we've got a we've
got a patrol car on the way you should
that you should leave them trap door
open
leave the trap doors open and let's
light a candle take the ledger by
candlelight
all right grabs ledger like to match
maybe amiable actually just lighting the
match and throwing it down there it'll
draw them down there I mean that's what
I'm trying to do literally lighting
candle yeah putting it down there okay
all right to light the room sure all
right and run it in you guys run run
run all right
are you leaving like driving away are
you staying in the car
do it I want to like leave and help God
what if the corrupt cops come yeah let's
get our corrupt cops in the Harlem
please look like are you we need to go
find mr. Poole lieutenant lieutenant
pool yes we need to go find him right
now yes we do let's and we need to make
sure that she's okay I don't know how to
do that exactly they asked for a moonlit
call box I learned the natural world in
like medicine for yeah yeah you can you
can talk about that yeah I think getting
out of here is a good idea yeah all
right yeah you're driving back to
Westchester well I'm not offering
opinions because I'm unconscious
I'm just doing I think we should go find
lieutenant pool let's go find out right
drive - lieutenant pool good meantime
I'm trying to revise so nope sorry all
right you you so really it's not that
you don't know how to do it it's that
you know I probably ran out of it well
you think you'd need to make some tea
like with various herbs and you just
don't have the stuff here with you sorry
it's about 6:00 something at night it's
about 6:45 oh we got real close yeah I
did is there any shops that might have
the ingredients she needs that we could
sell the house probably has probably
grabbed something there all right so
you're gonna drive off to you know that
pool works out of the uptown station um
so you are you just gonna like what's
your you know you know what's your
playing
send him a telegram no I want to did
like that's a twenties thing like yeah
I'm thinkin telegram as an invitation or
something you bringing a zombie arm into
a police station Susan no everyone
through all the arm twitches can I like
take a pity gir nights sure thank you I
mean he's a cop so no all the time okay
she works when there's work to do you
through well should we find out where he
lives
he's got a front door that should be not
at all creepy
no you could call in a favor and find
out where he lives without causing
suspicion yeah okay all right so yeah
you know so he's got an address in lower
Manhattan okay is everyone awake n-no
nope so I get an address and then we
need I need to wait so you are uncaught
you you are aware mm-hmm of this of the
thing grabbing you by the throat and as
soon as it grabs you by the throat
you are being grabbed by the throat by
like eight different things you are
being grabbed in the throat by de
Mendoza mm-hmm you're being grabbed in
therefore throat by Larkin mm-hmm you're
being grabbed in the throat by that
zombie you're being grabbed in the
throat by all of them and you're being
grabbed in the throat by the dark
Pharaoh all simultaneously and they
all let go at the same time mm-hmm you
you can't speak you your throat is still
they all start they all start chanting
so I can see them like surrounding me
yeah in my head well or sense them see
here's the thing you don't sense
multiple people you sense eight
individual beings in the same place okay
and you so they all start chanting at
once and you don't recognize any of the
chants and slowly the dark Pharaoh
starts to stab each other one in the
heart
starting with de Mendoza and then going
then I imagine I'm mentally trying to
fight my way phrase as he's stabbing
them but I just can't get a grip and and
then he looks at you and he's got a
bloody knife and he starts to carve in
your forehead you don't feel anything
mmm-hmm he starts to carve in your
forehead and as he does so he leans very
close into your ear and the dark Pharaoh
whispers the dark fro whispers to you I
can't wait to meet you and then jams the
knife into your head like all the way
I was warm and fuzzy cuddly and I think
on that note we're gonna take a break
break take a break
yes all righty oh yeah so we will be
back in as quick as five people can use
one restroom and refill drinks I have a
bladder of iron so odds of con games so
we'll be back in a few minutes thanks
everybody
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back I have exciting news we
have we've multiplied after midnight no
no no we're like tribbles okay it's a
it's a sexual reproduction it's always
asexual amy has rushed from the airport
here and here's the fun part she has not
heard any of this I walked in and I was
like where are we
there's like good question wait I can't
wait to hear Emma's response to the
answer to that it's probably gonna have
a W at a teen and everything that's said
it Thomas is now on the Amy board yeah
we have prison Oh six roles is basically
what people all right so you guys squeal
out you have lieutenant pools address
and where you going first off I think we
need to and we need to wait and Paulo
and figure out what we're gonna sing so
we shouldn't just run in there and start
talking about sure so let me know when I
wake up we we can reconvene at my house
yes let's go to your house and let's
chill out for a bit mm-hmm
most of my supplies there and I can help
so you went home realizing that you
hadn't been home in three days and the
last place that I was was basically the
party and I will and and when you went
back to her house cuz you know your mom
you're not there the phone so you went
home and you like dealt with some home
business and then you know you you had
told them your plan was to come back to
her house that evening you come back to
her house you get there about six
o'clock 6:30 and only her husband is
there okay and he offers me a drink
actually it's not the Brandis been drink
if you like bottles sniffing Brander is
[Laughter]
would you like some tea okay
maybe a cookie he's no he's he's
starting to get not as impacted by
people showing up at his house he
doesn't feel like I'm adventurous I
figured I'd lift his spirits
his humdrum surgeries who wrote these
titles masters are the Black Arts Oh
apparently I have to show off my shirt
so Michael here you go it is a very
Cthulhu shirt because I've found a
website I found a website and integers
it was not a website we shouldn't
mention it was the book boy trust porn
sites I mean after that last theme it's
like all those nevermind or so I've
heard
[Laughter]
okay so you have a uncomfortable yes
hour with her husband who turns on the
radio and you know listens to the news
and then Benny Goodman okay there was a
report her missing
sure yeah there's a route there's a
there's a news report that a New York
Times reporter Rebecca Shoshone and
Berger has been missing for two days
okay and it talks about how she was
doing the investigative reporting on the
hill on the story of the occult murder
the Hilton Addams cult
yeah about so after about that our the
Packard comes rolling in nice and they
come in and behind them is the police
officer that was with the guy who turned
into a parrot and he's carrying an
unconscious Alexandra in his arms I'm
shut the door to the library to be like
back to Benny then I take a breath and I
open the door I'm collected I open the
door again
you know what exactly happened here it's
a long summer friend she knows about
this
oh absolutely yeah this is what we are
twitches every once in a while make me a
Sandra 62 it's not bad still not my sway
where's my Sam I don't know oh so close
okay one la nope you lose three sanity
okay that's fine it'll come back
sometime
all right I'm going to step away and let
you all explain to Amy the fun that
we've had this will be a recap for the
kids at home and just tell me at what
point I wake up because until then I'm
not talking I'm just gonna like you
Gemini of newt medical supplies maybe
some la Londe would be good a long story
it started looks we're with what let's
start with a chart of the strip the part
of the story that starts on the other
side of that arm of the juju house and
it's only three zombies in it okay still
back it up back yeah Montaigne leave
from doing desktops we we found him half
frozen in the snow apparently him or the
ballot question trying to find us
because of the paradigm and then I
wanted to use him as bait and then we
went to the juju house we write that
step one two and three because your
logic because of Adams
yes that was the last couple and we
encounters Rebecca Sean and Berg there
she's one of the song she's and turned
killing your tundra ordered them she's
there she tacked us this is this her arm
or the other dogs all of some guys are
this is one of the other captives
there's arm and she was choked and
picked up off the ground and went as you
could see catatonic oh and here's a
letter and we ran away
[Laughter]
ledger because we figured that
lieutenant cool we had proof we could we
could connect them to payoffs yeah to to
the captain and then save Adams so again
let's just cycle back to what was a good
guy yeah lieutenant lieutenant pool oh
yeah yes Rob Ava's not have to Robson
trying to get evidence of him as a
small-time crook doing payoff small-time
and the ledger proves it but we need to
figure out how to decipher unless you
know accounting and we went into I'm
sure someone at your organization does
so we went so we went in to get the
evidence selection and in our
exploration in the locked basement dark
there were a pit down there covered with
wood and three zombies zombies behind a
curtain they don't know how to use
stairs anything we also figured out
that the holy water hurts them and what
we have like one left oh that would make
sense
so don't me what you feel s why do we
need more call the police and say that
we down oh yeah I did we did Sean a
burger yeah he did yeah
Robyn said that there was a murder that
there was a murder anonymous they were
sending a car and you didn't wait to see
if anyone showed up no they had an arm
and I and it seemed dead body with them
just anybody anybody in that precinct is
gonna know me and they're gonna know but
you that I'm off-duty and shouldn't be
doing anything I know and we would have
gotten in trouble too because what's his
name your boss threatened us though yes
he did
yes yes
he was there you just wanted flamed
everything okay I remember something you
just said makes you all want to make
intelligence rolls I mean did did he
come to this house before
no no bail all right so you think
everything is fine
of course it is you know he's in trouble
I mean so when she says like when he
says that you know the problem is he
knows where you are like you remember in
Quon a like knowing exactly who you are
you know and it's fairly easy to find
your address right we should get out of
we just had a vacation no we need to go
again our life's depend on it
this time all right I mean you know you
can you can convince him he's so our is
this like let's leave town that well I
have a quick question do you know did
we have an accountant did what's his
name Jax Elias yeah no yeah Ramsay that
was an attorney like you that's actually
a good idea
you could just like turn the evidence
over to him really and look here you fix
this we have both of them and have them
actually look at this exactly as a team
because I mean you know and you really
should for us I mean I guess you could
help ungodly Tobin well I mean I mean if
that I mean if that's where we're at
right now all right so I'm great sound
ease so you you start to have a feeling
very much like that I'm underwater
feeling that you had and you can like
see mm-hmm everything that's happening
around you but it's kind of so I can
hear what they're talking about you're
starting to hear things mm-hmm and
you're slowly coming out of it and so
you all see it like you hear her like
moan mm-hmm okay and at this point I'm
like oh what did you what did you do
it's Andrea but nothing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happened
when the zombie if they're what bob says
grab her by the throat I mean he she was
can you imagine I'm gonna go fast I'll
call my husband
is there anything we can do to help her
he'll she's got some kind of trauma
obvious take a look oh please touch my
throat
he didn't even fumble he starts to go
for it and like you draw a knife I'm
still unconscious and Ron not yeah yeah
like you see him like he starts to come
forward and it's kind of like this cuz
he's gonna look at it and like she just
was like and there's a knife and you're
gonna make another Samuel
well she's awake now oh here your
husband make a squeaking noise and I'm
just like a rock
what's Alexandra not good enough still
not there he's backing up I'm gonna go
have a bath dear okay worse yet is
Alexandra a zombie I hope not I start
snapping in front of it
hello wake up don't get near her throat
is still there like even when he backs
up drop the knife it sounds like the
dark Pharaoh saying drop the knife I
write on paper please like white
knuckled hanging on to it huh she said
yeah everybody can make a psychology
roll
oh all right so you made it
that's a hard success you you you use
some you know you start to like talk
very calmly and you start to like bring
her out of it you're you're like almost
using some hypnosis therapy stuff to
like try and bring her back and to you
know grant you really ground her it so
there's like 10 minutes where um
professor Aldrich just like just
describing the room to her you know
here's where you are here's who's here
you know just all is very calmly other
stuff and that brings you back you are
in a safe place
okay you're among friends and as I come
as I like pop back up to the into the
service and come awake I'm just like
moving like drop the knife and just
crate up in the corner alright yeah you
are in over in a corner like you were
over by the bar trying to find like
tears past you behind the bar and curls
up in the fetal position yeah like a
moment pause and then there's like two
more under there in their mind okay so
we can you can talk about that if you
guys want to like set up a meeting with
so the these sort of things that were
left this could your current state could
possibly impact your meeting with Erica
Carlisle okay
you know I'm Melissa I'm listening and
I'm getting more grounded because I'm in
a little spot where I can breathe I'm
just gonna like slowly put tea on the
ground and slide your toys round the
back
I think it will impact than the meeting
now okay so you're just put on like a
phonograph some nice soothing if you put
offer on I will reach out and burn up
the sage everywhere grab the teeth slide
it into my quarter so you've got you can
set up a meeting with Carlton Ramsey
elias's attorney who can certainly like
try and ponder through the the the the
ledger you also don't know what effect
your police call will have I mean you're
guessing not a huge one because you know
the Harlem precinct are they're gonna be
the ones who show up there but you never
know and and then Erica Carlisle those
are kind of your your sort of loose ends
right now
since it doesn't see it seems like you
have hit literal and figurative dead
ends with the Hilton Adams case book six
tickets to London
yes sure awesome bouncy bye I also want
to look at the ledger just a little bit
I don't know if I'll know any German but
like does it make sense does it seem
legit do I recognize any names does it
so there are no names okay you see the
same pattern they saw which is what does
it looks like every Friday there was a I
think five hundred buck payment yeah and
there are number like their numbers next
to them they got you need to break them
break the code right okay and it's a it
says payment or whatever it's like the
out yes like yeah and there's no income
okay this is only an outgoing ledger
mmm-hmm and most of the payments in it
are the five hundred however there are
there are payments there are payments
that say next to them London
London Australia II Cairo and Shanghai
so there there are payments the the the
only other payments of them the 500 a
week are payments to those four places
there are fairly large sums okay like
larger than an African curio shop in
Harlem should be huh
like making there in the four digits and
you know I mean 500 bucks a week is also
yeah you know like yeah the house is not
doing that's more than it works that's
more than a mortgage payment it would be
at that time yeah that's more than
probably some of your salaries are
mm-hmm
annual salaries so so yeah those are
sort of your you know you've got the
ledger so you can set up a meeting when
are you planning on sailing out like
next week sure yeah next week after the
new moon right okay so the new moon is
like oh okay you say it you're gonna
sail out on Saturday so it's it's
Wednesday now Wednesday is the day that
you it's Wednesday evening right now you
can you call Carlton Ramsey and because
he gave you a number and he'll meet you
in his office tomorrow can we arrange to
meet Miss lieutenant pool at the same
time to connect the two of them I think
the lawyer would to have a better chance
just anything directly with him yeah
really I mean I need like a persuade
role or something to get pool to show up
there cuz just saying like we've got
really interesting news is not you know
you don't he doesn't you need you need a
hook to get him there more zombies at
the juju house strangely that story does
not make it into the paper the next the
next morning there's a story about the
body of Rebecca Shonen bird being found
it is another cult murder and there's a
there's a letter to there's like a
letter to the editor from captain Robson
talking about the the insidious reach of
Hilton Adams and he he like writes a
letter about how even even like days
away from facing his ultimate justice
he's still you know he's still his reach
come from beyond sing sing I almost feel
like that's a metaphor for Robson right
now Milton Adams is is like alter ego
and he's really just writing about
himself just days away from being caught
I mean okay so you arranged to meet
Carlton Ramsey about two o'clock in the
afternoon at his office and you bring
the ledger is there anything else you
want to bring him or are you bringing
the arm nope nope you would bury them so
what are doing with the arms
I took a finger I am part of my
apothecary kept using a finger yes she
can do something with it be in a cult
role in a forensics role that's gross oh
I didn't make that what did you role
9009 t alright that wasn't a fumble yeah
sure inspiration what what could
possibly go wrong with Ken around some
of these fingers magic or something all
right throw it overboard let me know I'm
going to note to you guys that
Alexandria hasn't said a word since last
night yeah nice but she hasn't Givenchy
but she she looks like she wants to talk
a couple of times but doesn't say
anything I'll just slide another cup of
tea towards you drugging her Carlton
Ramsey
pulls out a bottle of whiskey and pours
officer Dave McGillicuddy officer
Breaking and Entering for a moment huh
well welcome sir as you know the I have
great respect for law enforcement here's
here's the deal
captain Robson is crooked okay that's uh
that's you you're not burying the lede I
pull out a notebook and write in large
letters yes of course I don't know what
that means that's new right she wasn't
doing that before yeah yes it's a thing
today yes
all right so so we're gonna bring down
the NYPD starting all just with the
captain just captain it ends there as
far as I know so he's responsible for
all of the murders you see he killed all
those people
yeah he killed he ordered I think he
ordered them to be killed actually
happened how exactly did he kill all
these people I like her question just
sign like some quani kills them
so he on entire working working with
Robson yes every week $500 goes out of
the juju house to a cop that comes and
picks it up I've seen it with my own
eyes
on several occasions so it's a
racketeering thing and we have a ledger
that proves that that's happening oh
okay do you remember the call that
happened there was an anonymous call at
the juju house and murder of did you
ever come across that did you hear about
that report the juju house no you
started there though yes yeah I called
in the murder because of me were there
we saw it oh no
there's no story in the paper about the
future house there's yeah exactly
there's no story in the newspaper about
the jutsu al Jackson Elias rides again
not saying dude your house so I mean it
sounds like we need to do some
investigating about this and look at
this ledger and I mean so you're an
eyewitness so your testimony would be
very useful so would you be willing to
here's where I suggest you not leave the
city well we've been ordered by Robson
captain Robson to leave the city he
threatened us when we were at her
apartment police asked told you to leave
the city that's correct yeah they're
corrupt do you remember the newspaper
clipping about an apartment with a huge
gaping hole in the side of it yes that's
her apartment okay I'm sorry
there was those repairs will not be
covered under the agreement with mr.
Elias understand no just the loudest I
read so here's the thing his partner
checks us out his partner dad Mathis
right
it wasn't Mathis he's dead and he's now
dead and he's partly responsible for
that hole very poor explanation for
something I don't understand
well if we just spell it all out for you
just think we're completely nuts but we
were there we've seen it okay look I I'm
here to help you so so we instigation
we'll start at the beginning
Hilton Addams is innocent that's great
news how he's framed by captain
Robson well that's terrible news right
so the the murders that have been
happening while he's been behind bars
unable dude do them right have been
blamed on him by the captain and it's
because the captain is actually the one
that's connected to the cult he's
working for them and he's in cahoots
with the guy who runs the juju House
cult yes
that's what that's been the papers
they're saying that Adams is part of
some cult and it's Robson that's
actually the Warner it's connected yes
the what he's running he's he's the
cover-up he's getting paid to cover it
up he's not running the cult and I'm
sure he's not calling the shots but he's
definitely keeping everything oh who
didn't know running the cult you know we
just know somebody who's really heavily
in and that's the Silas Kwan a who runs
the jr. house he's the one that actually
probably committed the murders more
likely well the three bodies were out
found well thank you so you guys know
that when you when you saw people that
quantity wasn't there when Jackson Elias
was killed every other guys they send
flunkies to do as you do so we
believe lieutenant Poole would be the
best person to go over this ledger and
connect those dots to bring down the
captain he's he's the most up-and-up
never a force tonight no he seems
trustworthy
[Laughter]
well so but due to us being civilians
I doubt lieutenant Poole would listen to
our testimony and we think you would be
the best person to reach how do you know
this blue today pool he was there
Jackson Hawaiian
gated ball and he's very keen on trying
to figure out what's going on with a
cold if I remember correctly well then
yeah he sounds like a good person to
contact I'm concerned that if there's a
cult that I mean you're you're you're in
all sorts of danger do they know you
came here no he has the back door just
to given well I'd suggest that if you
couldn't limit any contact you have with
family members or other connections
because I mean you're probably being
watched at this point yeah I mean I I've
told you that that Jackson became very
paranoid towards the end and it sounds
like he was right mm-hmm so so you're
leaving here's what I'm hearing oh yes I
did a few days Saturday well well I can
take depositions from you but those
likely won't hold up in court without
your presence I also feel like they need
to see more evidence to I feel this way
as well is there a way of getting good I
mean what's the term there's a
protection that happens with witnesses
yes there is there's protection of the
20s I don't know they might have during
I mean someone google it
yeah google it and let us know as a
child in please please I mean we could
ask but I mean that would go through the
police and right and we would have to
have a case unless we can somehow
involve the feds yes what I'm talking
about yeah and so we really should
which means that we would have to then
turn around build a case against Robson
for racketeering in order to get the
feds involved you know sounds very long
game well I must admit that if you're
leaving on Saturday it's hard to it's
it's hard you don't make very persuasive
witnesses but if we stay we might die
yeah that is certainly a consideration
so here's my suggestion without judgment
awk - out from behind the you know like
out of court you know you could I know a
judge or to be that I have that I trust
yeah but and I mean this in the nicest
way I don't think this is ready for
here's what I could could you put a
request to the judge that we'd be
protected while this investigation is
going on is that possible I mean do did
you see where I'm going here with this
I'm June you made a figure but again
that order would if we do it through a
judge take a lot anything that isn't
going through the feds he's gonna go
through the NYPD right so here's my
suggestion you get on the boat you go to
London that's probably where you'll be
safest I'm gonna continue to research
and I'm gonna get an accountant to go
through this ledger and I'm gonna try
and do everything I can to get captain
Robson it might be I'm gonna take over
the next couple days before you leave
I'm going to take depositions from those
corruption and
[Music]
I mean this in the nicest possible way I
really think that any of you that have
family in New York should suggest they
go somewhere else because you've you
know if if you feel like anyone in this
cult knows where you are or where you've
been
they're probably in danger you know
you've been attacked several times
mm-hmm and unless you feel very
confident that they can handle
themselves or that the these guys don't
know who they are I suggest you take
some measures to protect the people you
care about what time is that Brenda uh
it's you met at 2:00 so it's probably
well us leaving here in the light of day
might not be good either should we stay
until it gets darker and it's easier to
hide or I mean it sounds like we should
be wearing disguises until we get out of
town if we something she holds up the of
course note again I mean I doubt and
quani knows it was us mmm if he saw okay
my magic with the talismans is really
so you can add him there mmm baloney I
barely understand it so so yeah it's
about four o'clock and like he said
Ramsey is gonna get an accountant a a
forensic accountant one of my favorite
jobs to start going through the ledger
and try and make some sense of it and to
try and be able to connect the
you feel like you know you've maybe
caused a small setback to the to the
cult by you know the the commotion at
the juju house you're not sure but you
you know I mean that's sort of where it
is and and you know you're you've been
warned that your families are in danger
to the extent that you have families
na and I am and I write it I write in my
notebook Emma Jimmy and Jimmy knows
where you are and pass it over and I
mean here's the thing I'm not super
concerned because your brother's a cop
yeah my brother's a cop
he lives with my parents we all live
with my parents that's what you did wife
and his child said nobody ever slaves
[Laughter]
there's a lot of us in that house she
loves the fact that your husband doesn't
want to talk to her I would just tip off
my brother that he just needs to but
again to it it's gonna it'll it'll stir
up a lot because a cop wouldn't do that
to a cop another cop family it's true
you just don't it's true you know unless
you look at your engine it would be hard
to tell you know police policeman to do
that to Apple happens another police yep
and the placements family yes should we
get your brother talking to pool as well
okay
I honestly it's not his pre st. so I
don't know what get him involved yeah
well I was just thinking I mean every
time we've gone up against one of those
parish shark things it's needed numbers
to survive the encounter you know I was
just trying to fit I mean if they're
gonna be poking around trying to
investigate to build the case for Robson
maybe it would it's a I'm gonna say now
I'm just I'm not gonna jeopardize his
career no totally stop and more than his
career yeah and his life essentially
she makes it clear that he's gonna be
very careful like he's going to the the
accountant is not is gonna they're not
gonna be working there will be no field
work being done here this is all going
to be you know filing in conference
rooms and that sort of thing they're not
gonna which will probably hamper you
know their their the efficacy of things
but it will be much safer yep but not
only that - it's easier to build a case
based on actual you know I mean to
evidence as opposed to stakeout tonight
witnesses
and things of that nature you know I
mean the ledger does help yeah what
yours again twenty five feet five okay
so we haven't gotten like we haven't
gotten Capone yet halfway know that was
like two years later okay all right so
are we done in New York the water you
have you have three days it's Thursday
thank you it's Thursday evening now
you're leaving Saturday the boat the
boat sails at 10:00 a.m. so you have a
couple days first of all I think let's
do all our skill checks your skill check
and then gaming Thanks the one time that
you actually want to fail the rolls
right roll Ami's dice so eaten eat
because of détente okay
sorry if you find that you add a détente
oh yeah and I wrote okay to roll attend
that roll I have like one input amount
listen at this point so I got ten more
on the fighting wrong for traveling
to the UK several of you've done it
before so you know these things yeah you
can try and pack weapons and such and
hide them there's a chance that customs
will find it and then it will be
impounded because technically bringing
weapons into the UK is illegal weirdly
the UK does not consider shotguns
weapons
like Oh Cup shotgun so when you're in
the UK you could buy shotguns anywhere
you want
hey Ryan will you punching right that's
right and if you meet some unsavory
characters you can probably try some
illegal time since I make this trip back
and forth all the time can can I say
that I have a bag that is particularly
created to on the on the role to we're
well I have a I I have a flat there as
well because my my apartment or my flat
there is kind of rigged for the so where
you think supernatural type thing were
you routinely armed before you met this
crew I mean with a knife that's a so
then you'll have you have like a knife
at your house okay you have like a
couple of concealed like hunting knives
base yeah nothing like Alexandria's
collection right so is your house like a
fake haunted house so before we go where
I want to pull Alexandria sir mm-hmm
just the two of us yeah just okay so I
this might be we can sort of talk and I
have my notebook in one hand just look
at you expectantly I don't think you
should write this down I'm wondering you
know it's New York it's not unsafe City
hmm if in some dark street or alley
something were to happen to Robson
that'd be a bad thing
it'd be a good thing would it not matter
either way I think about that firm for a
minute and then and I write down maybe
most expedient I like it
cuz if it's what for Tuesday or
Wednesday and Wednesday and yeah you
might a couple days to I could well
here's the money part you think you're
gonna do this you're you're now both
having different conversations are we
are we having different Congress I was
gonna tail him and then shoot him in the
dolly way that too loud yeah if you
speak sign language sign language is
very evocative if you know you are not
alive dynamite solves everything
surfer are around here we need some
dynamite you mean you're around for
women all right so I'm gonna make you
both an offer all right
oh boy you can find an opportunity to
assassinate captain Robson but well for
you that's not that big a deal for you I
mean sure you can make an argument that
this man has ruined your life and killed
you know one of your best friends well I
mean somehow but but you know killing
someone in cold blood
yes step for you and then planting
evidence another step hmm what evidence
you gonna plant yeah that's it that's
the arm
[Laughter]
so shot him yes it doesn't seem like you
honestly doesn't it doesn't seem like
you would help Hilton I don't want help
Adams so you might actually make it
worse
okay are you still gonna do it I'm gonna
write in the notebook still want
question mark I was just talking just
asking are you gonna kill captain Robson
you have no doubt that you can do it you
know and that you can you you know you
you you're not gonna get traced yes I'm
going to okay I'm going to go hunting so
like Wednesday night you follow him
mm-hmm
you find out where he lives and you
follow him and sure enough you are able
not really I mean it's it's a little bit
more vindictive but it's not it's
nothing it's nothing different than what
I've done before
okay just stabbed okay yeah all right um
on Friday there are stories about you
know crusade you know police officer I
do not read the newspapers crusading New
York police officer murdered gang
suspect you know gang suspected question
hmm
so Friday night going into Saturday
morning is that technically the new moon
or is it the following Saturday night so
all you'll be you'll be at sea and new
it's not blood magic are you gonna do it
without grounding you I have water I
have water water washes things away
the seawater has very interesting
effects a lot of magic doesn't like
seawater or Milan in general often water
in general but sometimes water is a
conduit like fresh water sea water
because of the salt and the the the way
it tends to adversely impact you know
organic material often has weird things
with there's also there's some weird
occult stuff about how salt water has
analogies to blood mmm I could pay an
extra fee and move our tickets to Sunday
evening that's fine I just decided to
book it as soon as I could
sure you can do you think it well so the
ships leave mornings okay okay so Sunday
that's back tonight all right okay so
you're gonna spend one more night so
yeah I have I have committed a murder
and and look somewhat pleased with
myself have an inclination that you did
it but we just don't speak of it do you
read the newspapers yeah you clearly see
that he's dead there's a story about you
know crusading police there's a hint of
smile in here just like quietly couldn't
quietly you've sharpening a dagger
slides so yeah we it sounds like London
is your next move so we will pick up
there next time and we'll we'll deal
with your you know you're gonna do some
protective magic stuff and we will head
on to London did everybody do all their
skill checks once again let me know if
you ever get a skill over 90 okay
because then you have a long ministry
mastery and you'll gain some sanity in
fact
why does it gain a little sanity but I
told you it's really not a lot let's be
all right so let's see here sanity
rewards three didn't really break up the
cult didn't really neutralize that guy
Wow kill the random cop cross that
sanity loss you're gonna gain this is
gonna be like an algebra problem so
you're gonna gain a d6 for solving
solving Jackson Alliance's murder we did
obviously Terry on that yep maybe don't
circle anything yet okay you're going to
lose okay
addy eight for a swath of innocent
how much is that going to bother me ah
the innocent people bother you really do
I care about that fair enough
actually you said you didn't care about
the reporters yeah I didn't only lose
addy CERN's oh okay alright so I'm at
neutral okay so I didn't gain anything
there you go okay still lucky you the
other you boy helping out Hilton Adams
would have really helped your sanity
breaking up the cult wouldn't really
help your sanity
how come we've done this dynamite the
downside was the the kids that lived in
the building Jason would have negatively
impacted Jimmy's quality what if we
through the dynamite downstairs only not
upstairs I mean it is a bit yeah all
right so what was in the pit dragon or
never know or we never really got that
reference the drop house is no more the
juju house has closed interest it's
gonna be hard to move that come on weak
this time our I don't use front doors
anymore I was just suggesting that so
you didn't die alone and it's gonna be
hard to move that pit next week we will
not have any adventures on the boat
because we've had that yeah and we will
be in London or I'm sure nothing going
wrong jolly good I'm making your your
protection the voyage the sea voyage in
January will take a week then you'll the
boat will arrive in Southampton and then
you'll take a train to London mm-hmm
which will take about it it's a it's
about a day the train ride so it's about
eight days until you're in London all
right which will put it at January 31st
February first Wow next time I'll bring
the calendar excellent and Alexandra may
actually be talking again by then we'll
see yes the London Fog agrees with you
so thanks so much that's gonna do it for
quests and cthulhu for another week keep
liking keep subscribing again Hefner
thank you so much for all the
subscription thank you so much thanks to
everybody that supported us and keep
commenting I answer questions on YouTube
when people ask stuff I'm sure players
shouldn't read that stuff I spend a lot
actually I'm on YouTube going like I'm
sure that won't go poorly for them yeah
[Laughter]
and we really appreciate how engaged you
are our community is awesome he loved
talking with you about the fun stuff
we're doing so let me see I can get this
right for once
Monday it's not one Tuesday it's the
Kaos agent yes Wednesday some schlub
runs some games for the drinks it won't
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
