um but when we left them last they were fleeing the scene of whatever they
done they were leaving New York I think
you had stayed the night of the new moon
and you were leaving the next day yes so
you're on a ship not the Royal Mail line
this time
you're on the Cunard Line which is one
of the faster trips there it's probably
gonna if the weather holds is going to
be about five days across the Atlantic
and then you'll land in Portsmouth and
then you'll take a train which takes
most of the day to London and arriving
what the first 31st 31st yarders so you
are following the trail the Carlisle
expedition this is like our Indiana
Jones heaven I really wanted to try and
animate that but we don't have that kind
of budget
so sailing from the u.s. to the UK this
is a map that does show you the path of
the Carlisle expedition so you can have
one in those three sea mines that we
know about so on the boat on the second
day
bells mm-hmm tells you that she is gonna
try and contact Jackson Elias okay and
she has it's gonna she's gonna hold a
seance and she she says you guys are all
welcome since you had connections to
Jackson Elias it would you know that
just strengthens the the bond and so
she's gonna do it at midnight in the US
so you're now a couple of time zones
away so it's about 2:00 in the morning
on your ship and that'll be on the 27th
yes
yo we have a calendar now and I'm trying
to keep track or you can convince hacker
right are you gonna write checks Elias
announce and down like it's an event
yeah it's an event and so is anybody not
going I wouldn't miss this for the world
I got to ask
tons of dumb questions really home and I
was gonna be here cuz I feel Akane had
some quick nice would show up
I am honestly shocked that McGillicuddy
has questions for psy and a forum for a
bell and not for Alexandria his world
kind of upside down at the moment yeah
so yeah alright so you come in and
her her her stateroom she's pushed
everything to the side and there's a
circular table and you don't know where
but she got candles somehow which on a
sure very dangerous I talked about that
all right
not those candles yeah milk but she has
a candle set up everywhere and she's
sitting down at Sheep she has you all
sit down and she's already it looks like
she's already laid out tarot cards she's
been doing a reading and she looks um
she looks really excited and she as soon
as you come in she brings all the cards
back and shuffles them and she brings
one card out and it's the fool card yep
sounds about right
mm-hmm and then she does another one and
it is the the knave of cups and that
that one has one solitary figure holding
a large chalice there back is to the
card and they're holding the chalice up
in like a praiseworthy gesture and as
she puts that card down everybody make
me a spot hidden role not yep hard
success I made it alright everybody that
made it one who didn't
all right everyone that made it sees
a let's see here him and I stack sees a
to some of you a familiar face it maybe
it's a shadow with the candles or
something but for a brief second she is
the spitting image of Silas in quantity
the proprietor of the juju house
oh that's no good she goes to pull
out another card hmm and that card is
the dark Pharaoh which anybody with a
cult over ten will know that's not a
churro cart right and as soon as she
flips that card down her face turns Evan
like stone
I like backup as far as I possibly can
you don't gotta stop hitting the wall
and and she starts to speak she he
starts to beat her voice is dual
modulated you recognize that is this is
the face that you saw mm-hmm in that
other plane somewhere and and and she
starts she'd her whole body changes and
there's a new toy on the board the game
gets even more interesting Bell jezebel
has stepped away I am astonished at your
ability to leave massive clues as to
where you're going at any given time
it's not even hard to find you in Kwan a
found you like that oh we were just
waiting for you to use her gift oh and
you forgot this he holds up one of your
knives you left this at the juju house
so I have its twin in my hand I'm here
to thank you I thought I was the one
trying to bring about the end of the
world but you are doing a fabulous job
for me not even I could have ensured
that Hilton Addams would die as well as
you did
oh and he's dead he snaps his fingers
and you are all in the electric chair
Chamber of Sing Sing prison and strapped
to the chair is who you can only assume
is Hilton Adams because it says so at
the very top but he is strapped to the
chair and for a very uncomfortable five
minutes you are all witness to the
execution of Hilton Adams as you're in
the room the sound is horrible this is
awful the smell is incredibly bad you
know each of you have some detail for
you the detail is the smell mm-hmm the
burnt hair smell just sticks with you
for you the detail is that his teeth
don't stop chattering and the sound of
like tooth on tooth like getting harder
and harder and harder and for you
it's the way that he totally silently
like his entire face tenses like he's
trying to say something but he can't and
it's just as and and for you it is it's
like he's looking right at you and
pleading like his eyes are pleading to
you and there is the worst five minutes
of your life as they keep checking to
see if he's dead and he's not dead and
the the dark Pharaoh is just casually
lounging in a chair and it says
just for you I let him suffer so what
does he look like cuz I've never seen
him before
don't Adams know I know dark the dark
Pharaoh is a it's like a basalt statue
of a pharaoh came to life okay the
clothes are all rich gold Ramon's it's
it's he's got a crook and a wand in his
hand he's got the square beard okay is
it anything that would be skin is black
stone okay or appears to be black stone
but it's supple like you can see muscles
moving underneath but enough this on
your back you're actually in his throne
room so you're now in a somehow you're
both indoors and outdoors simultaneously
you are in a stone room with no roof and
just stars as far as the eye can see
above you he is sitting on a stone
thrown around statues of himself and
every once in a while you feel like the
statues almost move I have no
recollection of no you guys don't
remember for you you've been here before
for everybody else said when I glanced
up and know like yep same stars is there
looking for any details any point about
where this is right so you make me a
sanity roll ooh
I did earlier family all right so what
so you look up and the stars are not
stars you know there's no recognizable
anything to these stars and you lose one
sanity for that anybody else that wants
to try and get a location point I mean
everything feels Egyptian I started
looking if I can recognize anything
because I Egyptian is right so you want
to do or are you looking for language
you're looking for archaeology what
anything I can recognize anything that
would just step out and grab my okay I'm
gonna call that a spot hidden roll
I'm looking for recognition made it so
this is this is entirely what a a burial
chamber in a pyramid would look like
except they always built a throne room
in them and Kate went so when they came
back there but there's no roof you know
this is open air and the Egyptians
didn't build a lot of open-air buildings
they they tended to attack from the Sun
yeah so yes the the Adams matter well
done and the cover that you gave the
bloody tongue in New York the the the
having the police come to the juju house
could not have served us better we
gained so many useful slaves and he
snaps his finger again and more of those
but as much fun as much fun as it is to
toy with you my firearm army you do oh
wait that is that that brings a good
point it's it's hard to smuggle fire
alarms into the United Kingdom if you
were rich you know you can sort of the
chances of your luggage getting searched
are a little less so the way that we're
if you're gonna try and sneak one in its
first gonna be a credit rating role and
then it's gonna be so bells has like an
arsenal that you bought and then it's
going to be a stealth role or a conceal
role and you're playing McGillicuddy
yeah and there's no room that you might
be able to use a cop you might be able I
mean it would be it would not be
strictly legal because you're not really
a cop anymore but you could probably if
you've made a credit rating role I'd let
you pull some strings and you have a
buddy get you a permit but you're you're
welcome to you know you're well like I
said you can try frequent you too
frequently travel this way you might
know you can decide if you know this or
not but you might know that it's not
like a felony
or anything like that they usually just
confiscate the weapon and you get fined
and and with and with my particular
trade I was thinking that I had a a
carpet buy that was specifically built
to smuggle my my knives to and fro I'll
give you an advantage die thank you so
you can you know you come here soon if
we didn't have it on the boat well
actually if you really want it you have
it so then I reached back and I I feel
it okay yeah you've done that is almost
more concerning because one more point
of saying because it wouldn't be there
right you know they didn't do anything
right as well well that's probably true
but as much fun as we are having it's
still important that I remind you that
you are nothing to me and that's why he
snaps his fingers again and you are in a
very familiar backyard running in the
bushes yes you're in her backyard so I
have a question for you mhm
and I have the same question for you but
I'm going to start here and first
question for everybody did you tell
anyone that you were leaving no I had to
I did not make his luck rule for your
husband my husband came with us yeah I
know but make a luck roll all right well
especially his work I just barely made
it okay so good so somehow he got he got
the time off but didn't tell them why
did you tell anybody
now there yes okay your family yeah I
had to tell my mom I was going yeah
London on business okay
and she packed my bags for me there's a
okay so when you're away like this hmm
who watches your house do you have like
a housekeeper or yeah I probably have
a housekeeper they've had perm okay
yours sure so in the backyard you are in
the backyard and you quickly realize you
are not alone and all around you
creeping towards the house are a
half-dozen people in black robes with
very familiar clubs we're in the garden
I'm sure there's a back entrance that I
can get to sure for my house sure let's
do that it's okay Klee you get to the
door and the door passes right through
your hand this is not real
I do it again this is not real you
misunderstand this is real you are not
real and as he's saying that the the
cultists start to break they break a
window and they are going into your
house can I walk into the house even
though you walk right through the wall
oh great
you walked through the wall and there
are cult so the two cultists have just
gotten in and three more are they open
the door so there are a total of five
guys and they start to split up and they
start to ransack the place there's no
more alcohol per second I think you're
talked about in the building please I
rolled a 13 okay your housekeeper is not
in the building which is to her which
saves her life
do I see her like through the window no
you touch you like go looking for that
you can't find her okay as you're
doing that they have got done ransacking
the place there is no they have not
found anything that they were looking
for and they are now starting a large
fire like anything flammable they're
putting in your
our theme really doesn't do any good
pass right through I scream at him
nothing delicious and I'm standing back
arms crossed surely you must understand
that in every game there are
repercussions what have I done to you to
deserve this I've not ransacked your
house he snaps his fingers and you are
inside that puddle of goo and with you
is a huge version of Francois just a
massive and this thing you can't use
Francois cuz we all like him so much the
father of maggots is like the anti
friends no casting is gross and horrible
and it is this thing is just continually
for millennia bashing against some
barrier that is holding it and it
doesn't understand it's scared
it's bestial and it's like it can't get
out and it's just it has that sort of
animalistic like keep hammering against
this thing and he says no but you have
done this to one of my vest ages am i in
this puddle of goo as well yeah yeah
every your a lot liking this this I'm
just like Constantine he says you've
never been to Peru why would I go to
Peru it's lovely
do I recognise any of the writing it
looks mean this isyou are on the other
side of that pyramid you are looking at
the gold seal that you repaired and like
you see so the writing went around and
the piece that you put in didn't have
the writing on it so you see like you're
looking right where the piece you put in
was and that's what this thing is just
hammering against and hammering against
this poor creature merely wanted to be
free to share its gifts with your world
know what's going on you're afraid of us
why would you take an entry
do this whatever this magic nonsense is
if you weren't afraid of us why are you
bothering with us if we're so beneath
you the game must be played what game
are you playing I'm playing the only
game that matters nothing to mess with
the humans I am playing the game that
will bring my Master's down upon this
sad rock and bring about the end of your
plague yeah that's what the humans
that's what it sounds like
see you're just a pawn I'm sorry I'm a
messenger I am merely here to ensure
that when the stars are aligned the
portal is open as they should and my
masters are able to celebrate so while
some of this is going on I'm just gonna
pull my rosary out of my pocket and just
start praying just a lot of our fathers
and Hail Marys in that in that row then
blink it our Father then go back in the
Hail Mary row and what stars he snaps
his fingers and there are now five
figures there there's him there is it
looks like a bat but a huge monstrous
bipedal bat there is the father of
maggots is there there is a a woman but
she weighs like 600 pounds and she add
it's not like it's not like healthy this
is a bloated like quart of corporal
essent woman she seems it has a vaguely
Asian tent to her if you make an
anthropology role you might be able to
figure something out there and the last
one is the most terrifying because it
looks like it looks like the tattoo that
Larkin had it is it's it's essentially
like a it's it's the legs of a man but
it it's then all mouth and a huge bloody
tongue like slappers out of it
and he the dark Pharaoh when you ask how
many portals the dark Pharaoh just sort
of those look like the worst designed
beings you could imagine it's just
signed not very efficient huh yeah I
mean not attractive none I mean maybe
functional no Horton that's definitely
not George and follows form just it's
just it's almost standard attractiveness
have no basis in the rest of the galaxy
I could open your mind to vistas that
you could not even comprehend but
they're all the other figures are gone
the game must be played and even I
terrible as I am must follow the rules
of the game so I give you this when you
find me I will make you all an offer
I suggest you accept it and I will tell
you that your friend and he points at
himself and all of a sudden its bells
again is well on the way to accepting my
offer
I'm just walk up and slap her don't you
slap bills yeah all right and just wake
up all right you you slap her and all of
a sudden like Sheila shakes her head and
you're all back in the boat you're back
in the in the stateroom okay what is
wrong with you people I'm writing that
one down
good we need to get some sage and some
salt right now did you keep him away I
go and grab some salt hey Dakota church
yeah I agree
didn't we need it does does does the
church know about this the booth has a
chapel do you look religious I mean I
know that's that's yeah don't play her
character please one job she has a
rosary and she's doing of Hail Marys all
that stuff so I'm sure you assume she's
religious of some right
bells bells starts writing something
like she's like she's doing that like
nodding yeah sort of you know and she's
writing something on a paper I'm gonna
go over and look carefully and look over
her shoulder she's writing the name
Mickey Mahoney over and over again
she writes at once okay and then she
writes the name Edward Gavigan speaking
of names
the Baroness Hay has just donated fit my
entrance it's for an amazing scene with
dark fairy my my favorite streamer the
fan so I already threw it out there we
have three right yes Thank You Baroness
so much nice she's the manager we
learned last time she's the good
moderator and our favorite bill and our
favorite JoEllen the well so we learned
last time that Thomas is trying to
challenge Amy uh
O'Leary near you at he's got to a mean
yes sounds a great name for a alright
I'm gonna steal that further watches on
YouTube as well one of these excellent
comments thank you so much apollyon I
can't get the small ones out so yeah but
our GI Joe moment this time is not one
of GI Joe's prouder moments that's
excellent I have gone on and on about
how stupid GI Joe the organization was
and nothing proves that more than their
the guy they hired a guy who in his
spare time was a barbecue chef and his
his code name for some reason was ice
cream soldier what and so you know
you're like I wonder what his like could
they all their names were sort of like
sticks nothing to do with it all he had
a terrible weapon combination he was a
flame thrower slash rocket launcher guy
yeah the 90s were a bad and he's like
look look for a picture of him he his
outfit was like the 90s all over it's
like this bright yellow and red and like
it was not good oh man yeah the 90s
we're a dark time for toys but that's
our GI Joe moment for today with that
down ice cream soda ice cream yeah
terrible name
however they did have a articulating
arms yeah well whit excused our war gun
swivel arms yes Star Wars cannot hold a
camera that's right Star Wars didn't
even bend at the knee in the beginnings
Wow
and I love the way they did lightsabers
at first was the lightsaber was like a
plastic rod in the arm of the thing and
there was a little tab that you'd push
out and so the like Darth Vader's hand
was like this and you'd push the tab and
his lightsaber would come out it wasn't
even like a separate toy or anything
which I mean on the plus side you never
lost focus Toulouse never stepped on it
although the thing you did lose was the
Cape now they had like Darth Vader had
this I think it was actually just a
piece of plastic folded like this with
arm holes it was terrible like a Lego
Cape a little bit yeah
a little bit Harlan says this Jojo a
moment was brought to you by yeah we get
that graphic know and knowing is half
the battle more you know no it's no it's
we don't want NBC please don't sue us
NBC yeah for Hasbro for that matter
being good alright so so you are back
in this thing
what Mickey Mahoney in what Mickey
Mahoney and Edward Gavigan so those are
both names you know Mickey Mahoney is
the publisher of that what's his name
Jonah Kensington told you about he
publishes a newspaper in England Oh
yellow paper yeah yeah he he publishes a
tabloid really in England the scoop and
Edward Gavigan is a name you know
because it was on the back of that pen
and bells bells looks like she like you
know when you see that person that has
the flu and they're like shuddering and
sweating and they've got huge bags under
her eyes she looks like that and she's
just like shivering it's fine a blanket
and alright yeah yeah yeah yeah you put
her in her you can get her in her bed
like rocket blanket around her and when
we talked to her is she her she is but
she's incredibly weak okay and when you
get to London she's gonna go to her flat
and recuperate okay and that's how you
write somebody out of an episode okay so
you had to do that twice now I'm
impressed
so you and well hedonistic 900 our
favorite yeah just donated an
inspiration no Ezra yeah I always do
let's roll let's roll some business oh
no sir nice let's do this no I don't get
a nice
yet to see yet to find out he doesn't
tell us he doesn't you use an
inspiration that means that you get to
read he gets to roll yes I get to roll
be more fun if I can make you read roll
it is because if we start doing that
then and then we need to be able to
spend down to make the DMA look wrong oh
my my rules don't apply to your silly
alright so unless you guys want to do
something the rest of the boat travel
will be will be not well nothing will
happen mom you can over the course of
those five days everybody can take one
can make one skill check for something
you do on the boat so for instance
there's this is an actual thing of the
20s there's skeet shooting off the back
of the boat if you wanted to like learn
some shotgun you could take a skill
checking shotgun if you wanted to read
some books you could do a skill check in
a language that the library does not
include mythos tones so you're not gonna
be learning anything in there but
everybody on this trip gets one skill
check and I did what I did want to do
the checks forgetting weapons into the
UK okay anybody else bringing guns or
not so you also you know because you're
a law officer that in the UK firearms
are illegal but because of some bizarre
rule shotguns are not considered
firearms so you can buy shotguns at any
sporting goods store because hunting is
hunting's not violence just ripping
apart an animal with dogs totally fine
so I'm going to take a cue from our good
friend Brent what what is this skill for
hitting with a weighted cane that would
be rep you on the head Colleen said
fighting staff so oh it's a new way it
would be a new fighting skill yeah so
you'll start with the base of fighting
whatever that is okay and which is 25
okay so you'll start with that base oh
that wasn't was he wasn't he a sword
cane I can't
yeah I think it was but he never was
working so it would be like a really
thin yeah yeah but you play you either
want to wait oh yeah just chirps sure so
you can take it you can take a skill
check in that yep I try shot I want to
try skeet shooting
so today so then I need to fail all
right you're gonna roll and fail it you
want to fail it
yeah inspiration to fail the role I
found
alright so you get a d-10 added to
whatever that skill is alright shotgun
is the base of firearms yeah which is 25
so you can take that oh yeah definitely
you add at each end to it what skill do
you want to might as well decide all
right so base is 25 oh I'm Way didn't
make that awesome could you shoot the
boat no alright so you had a highly
possible professor what do you feel like
um it can be what a skill you have the
content skill you don't have less spot
hidden was know what what is it nobody
has that you were all looking for was it
listen or spot hidden or it was wrong
we're always good psychology is good
okay get this Leon has a sword case and
it's heavy eighteen over forty five so
if you had to put light like a nest at
number on it put your strength back but
a scale of three to eighteen London
Billy corner there you go let's do
anthropology okay so you get a skill
check in that yeah nice the professor is
in the library
ninety-three well there you go you get a
d-10 to that all right seven and do you
want me to make the credit and the stove
yes
so everybody reading a weapon into the
UK illegally first make a credit rating
roll if you make the credit rating roll
you're getting an advantage die to your
stomach okay and I get an advantage you
don't have to advantage dice because
you've got to if you make the credit
rating if I go to UK and launch I have a
hidden compartment in my suitcase
sure you
and I as well I did not get I did not
make it okay so you one advantage die on
your stealth roll okay and again
advantage dice are an extra ten and you
take the better of the two eighteen out
of that of thirty-five
you have successfully brought weapons
into the UK penis seventy-five I did
okay then you to you've got you have to
advantage Dyson on this you can just
roll your tents so just yeah and this is
this is a stealth will roll 47 and it
just counts as making a stealth roll so
we can check it you'll go I don't think
credit rating you check no eight so it
definitely means the stealth all right
you're good you have successfully
unbraided that gun yeah we'll see what
Perelman's think that later I just
haven't found a little hidden sorry you
two are not bringing anything in no sir
alright not hitting a sporting goods
store on the island and I think the only
other thing I would do while I was on
the boat is try and figure out how to
craft a letter to my to the you know to
the to the powers-that-be
who understand that where I'm at just
explaining that this is powers be at
your job yeah I'm gonna write it to
what's-his-name
I was like priest McGillicuddy that's
ridiculous yeah so it would be like yeah
father Martino yeah his superiors just
saying that the situation is Seymour
dire and the fact that there is you
know that they're looking for basically
like the end of the world and there are
five portals and blah blah blah and any
research that they can do because he
mentioned where's my notes here he
mentioned something about when the stars
align so is there something to do with
like astrological yeah astrological and
then give him like the bipedal bat the
father of maggots the obese woman the
serpent and then I think that they have
locations particularly
assigned to them like obviously we know
the father of Magus is Peru and that I'm
suspecting the obese woman is a Shanghai
or someplace in China and if there's a
correlation between those two and if you
could do any research in the archives
okay sure
that one letter yeah yeah everybody love
you know everybody making intelligence
what love vagueness as you as you like
that you're a terrific ordinance well I
make it sound not so crazy well okay I
might have you make a sanity roll that
was a very hard success all right
anybody who makes the success remembers
or yet remembers that the New York cult
and the Africa cult that you've heard
about were both the cult of the bloody
time mmm-hmm so like the New York must
have been an offshoot or something hmm
Larkin had told you that he ran into the
bloody tongue in Kenya mmm-hmm what was
the fifth one his father of maggots the
obese woman bloody tongue the bipedal
Babel yeah that's one the the massive
corpulent woman yes I got that one
there's only four point there's a
serpent and a dark fairy that are for
himself so then don't know where he
could be located so I bring this up at
like one of our dinners or whatever I'm
like cuz you know we were table back
yeah waiters don't like gang by very tip
them really well to stay away where do
we think the bipedal bat is located I
don't know if we talked about like if we
tried to connect and again I'm just
crazy here but if we tried to connect
totally having a moment I'm like Cargill
it's not Cargill Carlisle that's at
Carlisle the Carlisle expedition and the
locations that we know that Jackson
Elias was looking and that the Carlisle
expedition had gone like we've got again
here the Carla expedition went from the
u.s. to London yeah briefly who maybe
the bats the men went to Egypt yep which
is our Pharaoh and then went to Kenya
and that's where as far as you know they
ended yeah but didn't you
you had something from Jackson Elias
which tension
in in Shanghai he said he'd seen a
member of the Karl Islands but he'd seen
brass Brady yep
recently yep like a couple months ago
yeah in Shanghai you know where there's
not a mark that goes to Shanghai but how
could that be cuz he's not alive he's
dead he's a zombie
uh hi-c he's a songster yeah he's my new
theory
um chat really wants to know if they're
Dutch is this unborn Rachel really on
which do we run this boat out of
cheesecake or now no there they have
they have plenty of cheese you know
there everybody stocked up for some what
a normal amount of cheesecake is eaten
they have plenty okay
may jackson elias amount of cheesecake
is eaten that's when they start to run
into and as far as you know there are no
invisible people on this boat okay and
nobody dies yep candle bells feels like
she's dying just keep throwing blood
everywhere it was milk milk yeah Oh
directional bleeding it's a skill you
never knew you
so what were the other two sides of
bipedal bat the other maggots the obese
woman you have what else and then the
bloody enjoyment and the dark fairy yeah
so it was the bloody tongue the body of
a man it kind of looks like that mm
maybe not quite as HR Giger ish it looks
more you know the the the hindquarters
are more human mm-hmm
but then the top is like sort of 90%
mouth and the mouth has this tongue
coming out of it and and I put my
notebook and and I write in a
interesting point dark pharaoh said he
was a messenger
but is he also one of the portals and
slide that into the middle of the table
okay that could be writing traffic
ticket I put my notebook back and say
this is much more interesting yeah I
mean you could always go home if you
want the three of you you make I'm
trying the psychology on this boat
around okay the three of you make
psychology where I can tell you he's not
true oh so close to not being great oh
yeah okay everyone except me I need to
only crap well first off I need to roll
the corrector I'll start there no no all
right all right does anyone want to have
one of us inspiration that I mean we all
my psychology is not anything I'm not
good at it Wow a police officer with at
in psychology that kind of question I
I'm gonna second that in SPO for okay
I made it this time tomorrow she's
sliding notes into the table in that
other world she spoke yep I'm so glad
you picked up on that why aren't you
speaking with your own always I pick up
the piece of hammer and go I thought she
hated us more than one thing can be true
you were just speaking at a few moments
ago no days ago I'm assuming it we were
just at a different day different did I
mean yeah time is immutable constant
yeah yeah be said I probably don't
understand that yeah and so I signed win
like before we de Ferro you you were
just speaking just a few minutes ago
before bells collapsed I thought we got
back here I think for a moment and then
pull my my notebook back and sort of
twirl pencil between my fingers for as
I'm imagining that's a nice so is she
that's why I control the pencil I can't
do it when it's just a pencil but if I
think it's a knife I control it just
fine
fun fact and and I don't after thinking
for a moment while while twirl and it's
like I write I've tried out here and I
can't and then pause and percent and
continue don't know why well considering
art you just went through I'm not
surprised
if there's anything we can do to hope
perhaps some lemon water yeah yeah I get
them like looking for our waiter they're
all like yeah it's probably what nooners
it's yeah yeah it's lunch mm-hmm belief
value with alcohol all right
so barring anything else happening on
the 31st you land in Southampton and
then you take the train
is this your first time out of the u.s.
you have been to Boston No
so outside yes because the US as we all
know is New York's yes you've outlined a
train to what is currently the capital
of the world
London home sweet home in 1920 London is
still the largest city in the world
oculus city in the world it is the Sun
still does not set on the British Empire
I'm imagining sigh rolling her eyes at
that it is it is waning the the Empire
is that wasn't yours your speech
impediment for reigning know
something that is very clear to you too
is that there's just a generation of
young Englishmen that does not exist
anymore after the Great War the town is
he's grave the people are either bolder
or very young there's just a whole
middle generation of men that has been
erased anybody you know 90% 90% some
significant percent of people between
the ages of 18 and 25 I bet you we could
math this how many people are in London
at this point in time it's some of the
boys who are out there was young as 16
but but yeah you both noticed because
you've been here before you both notice
oh yeah that you know you see the impact
that the war had on on London in
particular but England in general when
it when it the Great War end I'm sorry
my eight grasp of history that was 19 I
think it's 19 all right tell me
fairness is Goodell yeah as we speak yes
she's my ciri Baroness Krispy Kreme so
so yeah the Great War is still fairly
fresh 11 11 1918 there we go well yeah
or mr. style yeah November but I didn't
I thought it was 19 for some reason
alright so 1918 it ended and so it's
been about 686 here and I mean so the
seven 500 and there are you know unlike
world unlike World War two and that was
November
there aren't any scarves really on I
mean yeah it wasn't a blitz yeah yeah
now if we were in France we have what
happens to be happening but in England
so the city is still totally intact and
totally
a beautiful magical place but it just
feels it feels quieter it feels emptier
to you mm-hmm and is it polluted and
smoking yes oh yeah oh yeah yeah
New York has not prepared you for the
assault on your lungs that comes here
England is in 1925 has more auto more
cars than any other city in the world
more buses more everything and not only
that it's unlike say you know New York
or something like that it has fat
there's just a factory district mm-hmm
in town that it's just pouring out
doubts of horrible smoke and the thames
is just so yeah yeah the tim's is an
ugly orange color and yes the like for
the first like a couple days you're here
your lungs you know it's like right it's
like visiting LA back in the day or
Regina or yeah or China now finally la
I've been to China I haven't so you
are in London you you are people of
means you can stay you know I mean you
have a flat I do bells as soon as she
gets off the boat and goes to her flat
she gives him the address
but closes unlocked the door yeah but
she wants to be alone and recuperate she
when she left she looked just as bad as
she did hmm when she was on the boat she
was still in a flute you know it looked
like it looks like she has the flu and
she feels really weak you've heard my
phone number for the home here okay is
your home in London or because your
parents live in Derbyshire that's right
which is you know a ways out of London
that's about it 45 minutes it's it's a
it's a train ride at least yeah okay so
well I and I also give her I think about
it for a moment and decide and then and
then give her the address of my flat
well that's it so you she gives you her
address in London you see you send like
the mail is delivered three times a day
in 1925 and so use you know you'll send
a letter and you might get a reply back
that day
telegrams never really took off in
London because the British post was so
good interesting in in inside London
sure you know in New York I'd send you a
telegram in New York because I know I'd
get a response in like an hour but in
London the post is that good in 1925 was
excellent there are also you know just
more news there's there's ten daily
newspapers that are major newspapers in
London it is a cottage industry in 1925
the scoop is not one of those major
newspapers but you can find a copy of if
you want you can find a copy of the
scoop it's it's all sorts of lurid like
you know it's on on the on the inside
back page just like a picture of a lady
in bloomers and you know oh my god did
my ex character what did Emma the sixth
work penny penny pages or penny yeah
yeah yeah you can find yes yes so you
know people it means often woods you
know there's like the Ritz there's you
know the Waldorf there's a bunch of very
nice high-end hotels there are any
number of different places that you can
stay properly places that have gone
there before and then oh sure yep from
yeah you've so I mean you have only stay
gum okay I'd be surprised if I didn't
have a permanent place we go here every
year so you normally stay at the Mayfair
so we just say yeah you stayed a hotel
because someone else takes care of
everything your husband is already like
making he at the train station he's
calling the Mayfair okay and do you
think it's reasonable for us to stay
there I mean I'm not with them yes there
is something for like should we me
but I'm thinking of getting multiple
hotel nope I'm having my husband go
there because that's what he usually
goes that's some hotels yes my husband
Tony over time I'm going to offer Emma a
spot on my sofa basically be and be like
okay if you'd be right right out if you
don't want to deal with it I have a sofa
okay cuz yeah I don't know if I can
afford the hotel the maze is quite
expensive yeah but not only that if it's
worth it to expense it back hmm
what are your other utilise well that's
the other thing is you can you know you
you can you've got the set up with
Nathan with the lawyer with Lawton I
don't remember his name
I was just looking for it I was like
what what do you mean huh
what do you mean what an expense account
yeah they filled you in on the boat are
we working yes are we getting paid no
Carlton Rammstein yeah Carlton Ramsey
you're not really getting paid but your
expenses are being covered which is the
same difference really what right I'm
just I mean
we're private investigators we have an
duty to I'm sold on this we have to find
out who killed Jackson Elias
and we obviously have to stop do I know
the track some alliances yes one of the
murders okay he was over following his
one of the Hilton Adams users and he was
following the Carlisle expedition so
we're on his trail escaped New York no
this was the thing are we the train
station later good luck to you sir just
gave New York congratulations
accomplishment you've escaped where's
the broom ever Kurt Russell okay
wow that sounds like a commitment to the
group
[Laughter]
are you new yeah so are you so you would
you guys are actual like private eyes or
a group of that's currently we prefer
problem solvers I'm sorry I'm trying to
pencil between my fingers yes we were
tasked with a mission we accepted the
challenge
and the money that comes with it the
mission
Jackson Elias stead man yeah it's not
crazy
this is dying wish him for a moment and
then and then pull up my notebook and
say we you you know full well Hilton
Adams didn't kill him don't you want to
help us find out who did yeah that's
what's important
okay and our rings are covered so the
May Fair is in Westminster which is over
here it is a lovely five-star
Intercontinental Hotel it is probably
the nicest place you've ever been in its
white glove treatment all the way you
can easily find you know if you go to
like Soho or something you can find
cheaper more downscale if you really
want downscale you could go to like
Berwick Street which is you know where
the jazz clubs are and that sort of
thing where we're about would my flat
babe well I mean you're an opera singer
mm-hmm and would have gotten it while I
your flat isn't Notting Hill okay so
you're it's a it's it's an up-and-coming
neighborhood you bought you know you got
you got it when it was still a little
Soho is still is still mainly immigrant
and is you know definitely
seed your part of town mm-hmm so are you
gonna book more than one hotel or tough
girl and-and-and-and like I've said yeah
you what you have a spot on my cell
phone and I'll take her up on that it
seems to be more comfortable than they
fare yeah well I mean from your own room
at a funny our hotel more one must be
one heck of a couch more come it's one
heck of a couch and be firm for people
like us
the high star treatment is still is
uncomfortable for Alexandria you
traveled in some fancy circles yes it's
still uncomfortable for her in some ways
okay but to live in Soho for me and my
couches I'm gonna steal a robe in the
minibar people with your cane anybody
who wishes to you says can buy a shotgun
horse literally yeah the only check you
go through is a I don't please anybody
who wants to buy a shotgun that is not
Dave make a luck roll boy many stores
will not say I keep that sure many
stores will not sell to women yes I made
it okay yeah yeah yeah
you found the progressive hunting I mean
if I really needed to I would disguise
myself as my boy and just go I mean they
can buy you when they made it so so
yeah you can all buy a shotgun no
problem fantastic shotguns do 2d6
yeah whoo with English hunting shotguns
the base is 25 25 percent yep cuz I
practiced it right 26 you've got a
higher one is that long ago there's a
shotgun that shot good well yeah it's a
rifle a shotgun and then communites of
range what's the range I don't care
rules yep and not as good as a rifle and
Danny wish hunting shotguns are fire yep
plug off so it's
two shots be exactly I'm gonna
double-barrel shotgun and then it was
all our hunting weapon all right in a
box of ammo yeah normally hunters will
have more than one shotgun and they'll
fire there too and then they'll get
another one and then fire em you know
they have they have a servant to hand
them their second - how many rounds none
box if you buy 50 shells okay but the
next time we track ammo will be the
first time that's not what's fun about
these he runs rules light and we
appreciate it and I just need to go out
and find it Cain you can easily find a
waited came do you want a cool like
thunder on it what is a cool head of
course if it's not a skull be very
disappointed to know there's one that
has a Pharaoh's head no no no you have
that anywhere around me it's going in
the Thames
oh nice the holy symbol on it positive
Shh
what does that immediately the guy is or
when you come in you tell him hey
looking like a he's like role playing
Yeti Yeti doing guerrilla a gorilla yes
sir
yes a gorilla would be fine okay uh
it'll be ready in a few days okay um
Sasquatch you say because that is that a
short-haired gorilla or a long-haired
gorilla it's like a gorilla
I mean slightly longer hair is it's like
best sort of this little gem sort of a
little mm-hmm more men like than a
gorilla so we're gonna go with the
gorilla didn't sir okay okay right uh
and and like happy way like oh I get so
cool so if you kill us I understand I
understand if I hang nicely weights down
you don't you worry okay yeah so that
would be ready in a couple days
excellent they're gonna pick something
up until then
a little medical cane give you the sword
cane until your so it is Sunday evening
before we jump ahead I did want to be
clear so we have two hotels or do we
just have the one right no time I really
wanted to have two separate hotels and
here's why just wait until we know
exactly why every time we don't okay
they know we're going to be at this
hotel right who's they rivets somehow or
rather we're leaving bread crumbs I mean
do you remember he said crumbs - a
second hotel not if we check it in an
other name we don't have to use the
names I'm just saying I don't really
need to be a little more care who's they
they Farrell I can say that he was using
magic bells and I write that in hold
about bells did her Santa's magic yeah
yeah her magic heard Dark Arts or
whatever it is she does called to say in
seance but her powers that's what he
could track mm-hmm but he said that
others found us rather easily - and I
mean they were just waiting well I mean
you can come back you know you gave your
name - Pete yeah you gave one case you
gave your address - yeah well you know
I'm just saying you know we need it's
easier to find somebody who has an
address in the phone book than it is to
find like the hotel stuff is a little
trickier mm-hmm yeah so I'm going to be
easier to track which is why I've
hesitated before I gave bells my my
address yeah if you've got if you have a
an actual fixed address in the phone
book then you know if they know your
name they can find you that said in the
phone book it's not under Alexandria
Hartford okay so you can be unlisted
that's true so for now it's just the
Mayfair or you want to book another
hotel
all right I also wanted not do you I
mean this address the way we've been
dressing I mean we got a really step it
up a notch we're being watched
we need to figure out a way to be a
little more on the deal I think I mean I
think that if we have fine shotguns
exactly the best first step great well I
mean perhaps I mean we shouldn't be
doing our shopping out in the open I
mean there's this is London I ensure
that there is a criminal in their world
here that we could that you could join I
don't know how this works
are you I don't know we're not criminals
second of all I didn't know the
underworld was a club that you're just
like you were - that would be amazing
their fee for that I just gave him it's
gonna get sort of a dirty look out of
the corner of my eye it's passionate I
don't know how this works and I my right
not like that you you know of you know
you can find sort of you know you can
find a for starting you know four-star
hotels these that are not quite as nice
as them as the Mayfair or you can find a
slightly CT ur place if you want to get
you know really unnoticed right and so
and so I look at Octavian I and I right
how much are you willing to slum yeah I
grabbed that actually put her husband
put the word husband
yes he's staying at the husband here
look at her
and then right you can talk you know
[Laughter]
right you can talk you know sometimes
silence is golden your husband has made
it clear that he's going to a this is a
loaded term these days but it was not in
the 20s he's headed to a gentlemen's
club
the inn nearby in London there were a
number of supper clubs that were men
only I remember what the one in Sherlock
Holmes was I can't remember at the
moment the one he's going to is called
the Diamond Head Club you called I hope
shoot going in a different direction
album right there's a change order
fee mm-hm
so you can you know you can find the
Essex is a perfectly good you know
standard hotel it's uh
so the Mayfair is in Westminster this is
more kind of in London proper over here
alright so sometimes I write the Essex
is a reasonable hotel not quite slumming
that's fine and you check in under
different names I go to a thrift shop or
a secondhand store right I by charity
shop they're called charity shops in the
UK outfits sure I sailfin I wouldn't
yeah I would like to go with you and cop
clothes
yep we have a montage of all shopping
who's being bought or kind of look the
same for me and you know then and you'll
get reimbursed so we're not gonna bother
with the money and that pretty much
burns the rest of the thirty-first the
first sorry
are you still we have a calendar now
yeah I love you to keep track of this
are you stay assist nice and the Mayfair
or at the Essex at the Essex I'm not
going to start there until we burn
through until we burn some bridges stain
at the be fair while you can know I
missed a Alexandra's house okay
I'll stay on stay at the good place
alright the Essex alright the Essex is
not quite glove so like there's no like
wandering around robes I mean it's still
very nice it's still very much I'm just
four stars Pete's let's you know it's
like shared bathrooms which is a little
gauche but you know
what are you gonna do okay it is Monday
the second the morning Dawn's as most
London mornings do gray and rainy and
when you look out your window you just
see a sea of black umbrellas and grey
coats sort of flowing towards downtown
are we gonna get together this morning
and yeah I probably you'll have
breakfast at the Essex may now you guys
come to the SS because I'm gonna
recommend some letter-writing campaigns
as I do
to whom well we should look and we
should send a post to try and make an
appointment with Mickey obviously Mickey
and then Edwards Gavin mm-hmm
and then also we should find out if your
house really burnt down and then I would
also like to write a letter to the New
York State and you could probably and do
this to find out if Jackson lies
actually was executed sorry Jackson so a
couple you'll get the times will will
show up in about a week okay shows up
you know like about it would it be news
though what happy news where they
socialites house burning down is always
news okay and and a man being executed
for you know running a gang / cult
yeah the times will come over on boats
and sort of get spread around okay there
will it might not be news so you might
not see it in like the London papers
because it would come over the wire and
they would decide to run it or not and
you know the house burned down probably
not but but but the leader of a cult
well cuted might be like a teeny tiny I
mean the only thing they might run the
only reason they might run it is because
they love you know they love they love
those barbaric American stories exactly
what would could I could we go to a
newspaper and I know Nicky Mahoney runs
a newspaper so you know he'd probably
when things come over the wire he is
why're you know the wire
so we could go there hopefully he's not
season 5 yep cuz I'm assuming here
proper form is too bright and request
ten years do not requested I haven't
seen any here ahead of Ming you know
right and request an appointment yeah I
mean it's the proper thing to do for a
tabloid you're not sure you need to do
that okay people are like I don't know
what that is for the pen you Foundation
yeah I think that's entirely appropriate
to like ask right and ask for and you
figure like the professor could be cover
there because you know yeah you you know
of the peon who foundation and their
work and I'm sad we weren't able to meet
up with Erica Carlisle before leaving
but you could send her a telegram or
something you know if you wanted to
invite her to London or you could just
you know if you wanted to telegram her a
question or two I'd give you it would be
would be a luck roll you see to make
sure that you phrased it in a way that
was innocuous enough that she wouldn't
think it was like but since you know you
made that crazy role you could I'll let
you do that you can ask her two
questions so make a luck role okay that
was a crazy role yes okay what's the
I'm gonna put it to the group yeah sure
don't source this I'm outsourcing my my
brain on this one don't ask me I don't
know anything that's happening you
wanted to know something about she she
is connected to our lows connected to
that to the penny hue foundation in some
way I was wondering if they have one of
the things we want to do is see if we
can get her to telegram to Edward
Gallagher Gavigan and help us get in and
get into the the insiders track as
opposed to just whatever what would be a
good reason because you made the luck
rule don't worry about it I don't need
to well when and every because of
my house pretty well egyptologists -
yeah what are we not saying to people
mm-hmm what's the Carlisle expedition
Robert Carlisle who's Roger Roger
yeah we do that all the time Roger
Carlisle he's the gentleman that died
allegedly he was in Cairo we don't say
the word allegedly he's really
supposedly dead allegedly mm-hmm and you
know I thought he died you know there
were five maybe six now from what you
heard members but the five you know over
Roger Carlisle Erica Carlisle's brother
sir Audrey Penney Hugh who ran the pet
who the pen you foundation is net is is
of his name dr. Robert Houston
Hypatia masters who was the photographer
along ah
and Jack brass Brady who was Carlisle's
sort of cowboy yeah so I I would like to
him to get us into the pen he foundation
into the insider trap and the mystery
woman
and then the mystery woman and I'm not
sure how to phrase that without being
like hey who's the dude you ready attack
that boy the girl Wow
a different story altogether perhaps
dudes
so phrases you that one thing you feel
me I think that a lot of people don't
based on your conversation with her like
the easiest questions to ask her about
her brother because she has a very low
opinion of him fat the harder like she
doesn't know as much about the other
members of the expedition who might ask
about it but we don't slum it so loaded
ain't yours to date your brother
maybe not phrase it like that
don't start with it don't start with
that hook it on family man she yeah
right she really didn't like her but
he's not a fan oh he was waste and
they're like underline really three
times he was wasting the family money so
do you want with the first question
something about the mystery woman I
think yes
okay do we know how she is and is she
like maybe currently in the u.s. or in a
broader like pay me call him an
assistant you heard a rumor that there
was an assistant helping mm-hmm I didn't
is it weird yes okay getting weirder
progressively yeah is what weird asking
questions as if you're not an
investigator investigating the Carlisle
Group but as a expedition or gossip
or what I don't I mean how do you phrase
it how do you ask her without it being
we need to know about the Carlisle girl
path you know so I abstracted that
little she made a luck role so she's
gonna word it well Don jet will fair
enough I don't have to be I I don't have
to be smart Alexandria is lucky on that
one I like this so Penn Hugh found a
ssin letter of introduction and who is
the mystery woman and where did she come
from
okay I don't know is that 3/4 that's two
okay yeah okay cuz I think we know where
she came from
we would just like to know who she is I
mean I think who who she is and how did
they meet sounds like one question
that's what yeah oh yeah
so any introduction to the pen you
Foundation mystery woman those are the
two okay so we'll go ahead and we'll
handle the answers right now for the pen
you foundation she knows nothing about
the pen you foundation she says I think
she says that she doesn't know why Penn
Hugh accompanied
Roger maybe he just needed money
everyone else around Roger certainly did
oh that's a good tip that's a good tip
and they okay so then she was hanging
out with a bum
a bunch of leeches and then in the
telegram she says you must be referring
to that African woman Boone a BU in a
whi bu and a mm-hmm who who
she blames for putting fool ideas about
you know and and she sort of intimates
or suggests that she spent a lot of
money keeping the fact that Roger was
shacking up with an African woman out of
the papers and she doesn't know how he
met her but as soon as he met her it was
like obsessive love at first sight and I
like look at that intimated phrase and
sort of sit back and stared at for a
moment and then write magic question
no God no that's how growth is back
right away magic so yeah she's no help
in connecting with the pen you
foundation but you could easily like
send a letter of introduction you know
you can you can make an archeology role
to sort of scholar it up
is there archaeology your yeah yeah
that's that would be the thing that
connects with them so totally me yeah
all right so yeah you can you you drop
some you drop some key phrases in a
letter and I mean should we go to the
Pena foundation saying that we're
willing to look at picking up where the
Carla expedition left off Oh interesting
we're launching an expedition
what's a truce and Kickstarter no we've
already done that we're launching a
Kickstarter to go to Egypt coming soon
recording on-site Carlisle expedition in
life
IRL that that would be a LARP room for
the yes be fantastic I'd rather do that
for horror on the Orient Express I want
right your explodes it blows up a lot
the very first I get the Christie book I
ever read with Murder on the Orient okay
so I have I have a thing so there's a
there's a massive another massive
Cthulhu campaign called horror on the
Orient Express it's a good one
horrible that's where I made a deal with
Baba Yaga he blew up a train twice you
gave a vampire like at emit power yeah
yeah things happened alright times and I
really wish your guys's sessions were
videotapes I can go watch this clap you
know who knows maybe in three years when
we're done with this we'll pour on the
Orient Express
yeah edition 27th edition right okay so
the letter music the letter you you have
dropped terms in there and you will get
a response that says that they would
love to have you come by and they would
they they're happy to help in your
research however they can okay so I
think we haven't in mmm-hmm cool when
are we gonna go see him so you know the
the tablet you figure you can just drop
in the pin you foundation you know now
that you've sent the intro you can make
an appointment and go and see them we
should make an appointment yep sure you
make an appointment for Wednesday that's
more hmm
so let's pop in at the tabloid yeah sure
I also have other terrible ideas like
should we go look for African masks
somewhere and exports the British Museum
yes a font of everything well the 20s
was like high time of you know
of we don't have to give anything back
to any culture what artifacts flowing in
yep but what about shops yeah that's
what I was thinking too potentially so
there's definitely a you know there's a
healthy afro-caribbean population in
London you don't have the firt and you
know none of ya anything and that you
know so you'd sort of just be you know
you could spend a day like walking
through shops and seeing if you got any
juju house vibe off any place you know
yeah
I'm right I think we want bells for that
yeah oh that also brings up a good
question now that she's at home another
seance no maybe not do another seance
like I don't know exactly how all of
this works but what that's his
catchphrase is it safe to have her with
us all the time is she just like an open
vessel I think about that first or is it
closed does it open and close at her
we'll all right I don't think she has
the proper training I keep it closed I
put her in agreement but then it but
then also right he said that he could
track her through her gifts seemed to
imply it was when she was using them
okay if I know anything about the
ability to see and read it comes and
goes
which means if he decides to hop in he
could take her over at any point
it's especially if her mind is weakening
he he said that she was nearly accepting
his gift anyways which means that her
will to fight him is waning what do we
do if she becomes a zombie hmm that is
right let's cross that bridge when we
get there don't know back up hotel I
smile a button right after blowing up
the first one exactly laying waste to
half of London
as we do please don't blow up the city
it's my home and kind of fond of it and
better people and you have tried to blow
this city up and better people than us
we'll try yeah but must not have they
been Messier nice I would say that she
could probably protect herself okay but
there's some things she's gonna need to
do yes but if if her will is weakening
and he is able to possess her
he might be yeah do I mean she's
literally like a Google phone just any
time they can find out where you're at
mm-hmm long she's not like a fire woman
yeah so then we should maybe write to
her and find out if she needs things
mm-hmm okay
so you're going to the office of the
scoop then yep all right it's easy to
find and you get there late afternoon
and it is a shockingly low five
production the hair is not shocking at
all the whole ground floor is a massive
printing press and then the upper floor
is the bullpen basically there's one
office and that is the office of one
Mickey Mahoney yeesh what's up this face
he's never without a cigar I I want to
punch him and I've just met him yeah
well thanks for not I didn't say a word
yeah and he's his poor put upon
secretary as she's as she is like
bringing you into to see him he's like
yelling Jay Jonah s Jay jonah Jameson
ask that's someone about a story they
wrote music it needs more sex not more
sex that's not gonna sell that mengão Oh
top of the morning to you ladies how are
you how can how can Mickey Mahoney help
how you doing oh my god with that what's
that accent very important how you doing
that's how you doing yeah
are you subscribers we will be funny
that's wonderful news please come on in
Hulk
how could Mickey Mahoney help yeah I've
got a game I went blank I don't know why
I know why do we know Mickey Mahoney
Jackson lines you do this telling you
don't tell me this I don't remember
anything
this is on you they roll my eyes he's
just freaked out no I just um
you're usually smart Jackson Jackson is
what he worked for me what his daddy
that's a story that would be in the
scoop we haven't been able to talk to
him since he was dead
well funny how that works
[Laughter]
he'd love to run a seance story okay so
I'm sure you would so I'm gonna go in
and just yeah and explain to him be like
our good friend Jackson Elias referred
us to you oh it's a shame I heard about
more Jackson yeah it was a lovely future
you're friends of his then yeah he was a
good man huh we've known Jackson for
maybe I don't know what about four or
five six years now well yeah he was here
a few months ago and he wanted to look
at some back Epis back issues abuses
newspapers yep Becky she's at least I
didn't refer to the guy at least I
he was and what he's like as he's
looking at he's going over like the
slate of the paper mm-hmm and he's like
editing Astoria
and he's like crossing out words and um
you know he's he like underlines he's
underlining like anything
is salacious and like during boobs on
push it out push it out I said I bought
a word that's misspelled and point at it
oh thanks thanks for that yeah so do you
know why I'm gonna have to fire that
editor do you know which which editions
like do you have those editions pulled
out huh I can I can find that for you
sure yeah I thought you know when he
pulled him out it was strange to me but
yeah I don't mind how so strange well he
pulled out these stories that I couldn't
find any connection for but he was he
was all hot and bothered about him and
he said that there he thought there was
a connection he did and and he was he
was worried that he was being followed
did you so he seems somewhat paranoid at
that point we did okay he was he was
not a well man when he came here okay he
seemed he seemed very frightened of
something mm-hmm spoiler alert he was
right well yeah apparently yeah yeah how
so
he was killed by her there was like a
gang mm you can call him a gang yeah
that's yeah okay it's a word this
could be a fascinating story for the
paper well yeah I don't want to put
anything on record but I think if
you're able to help us we might be able
to work out an exclusive if you an
unnamed source inside the New York
Police Department wait what well that's
interesting all right well here's what
I'll tell you Jackson when he came to me
he said that he was looking he was gonna
give me a story about a cult operating
and in the heart of London really and he
he said that it was well connected
mm-hmm and that it it was operating with
impunity throughout the city mm-hmm and
I mean I I would buy that story
yesterday did he say anything about
besides it being well connected do you
mean well funded with aristocrats or do
you mean I think that we
yes that was the implication was that
there were people of means yeah in this
bill that you know protecting you names
that would probably surprise us
okay protecting it like the police
protection for total he didn't I mean
there was nothing about the police and
there no but but I mean he seemed to
suggest mean again he was he spoken in
very roundabout terms how cousin saying
anything directly he didn't give me any
names and he didn't give any like origin
when he said the cult he didn't say the
type of cult you know was it Egyptians
types of cults African border
i'm viviane or well you've read his
books right oh oh I thought you I
thought you meant they were like
different like this is a cult of I don't
know cannibals or something
no yeah yeah he'd that it was in it was
here in London mmm-hmm
so I don't know what he didn't suggest
any sort of you know whether it was an
ethnic group or something like that no I
don't know about that okay but you know
we do have a lot of different you know
this is London's the world's greatest
melting pot and so we've got you know if
you can if you can think of a country
there's somebody from here living there
there's somebody from there living here
it's hard to see do you know where he
was staying while he was here he always
stayed at the grows vinner hmm hi spell
that gross G ro s okay dinner ven o R is
that is that like a local low class
hotel it's yeah it's a hotel that is in
a traditionally African neighborhood mmm
which given that Jackson was African
American
you know maybe felt more comfortable
there I keep forgetting that sentence
you know Thomas Plato and did he say he
had an appointment did he did he have
any appointments with anyone in
particular do you know if he was meeting
with anyone before he left he he he
was he told me he wanted to go to the
pen hew Foundation it's a local and he
starts telling like he tells you that
it's a local
Egyptology and archaeology foundation
run by Edward Gavigan blah blah blah and
has like bored about it well he's oh so
obviously Edward Gavigan hasn't done
anything salacious or interesting to
make your paper oh no ok I don't think
he's ever done anything interesting that
man I've never met him
I'm sure he's he's you know won't have a
word said against him but good so what's
in today's paper is there anything
interesting this happened lately that
piques your interest well we've got a
great story about a woman who left her
baby on the on the number 7 bus mm-hmm I
didn't get her back until two days later
I lived on the bus for two days oh my
did just pass her by speed the kid no he
stole ok but he's in prison now never
sad story
yeah the mother was cute though mm-hmm
yeah did you interview her no but I got
a picture ok yeah so most of the stories
are kind of on the salacious end okay um
nothing you bring nothing that would be
interesting to us though nothing well so
he brings you the stuff that Jackson no
packing it and there's nothing lately
like murders or but and we could ask if
anything interesting came over from
America yeah oh yeah that's right those
we came to ask what the wire mm-hmm well
yeah they done well we we just found out
that they they executed the man who
killed Jackson Elias okay
don't bury the lead or anything sorry he
was innocent well that's not what the
chair says we believe otherwise oh no we
believe that it was a conspiracy much
like your cult in London we believe that
Artie oh wait wait I'm sorry let me let
me take a look at your papers first our
new you writers because I'd print that
story the cop well I'm unemployed now
if you can write the story about the
innocent man killed and you've got some
meat to the story I'd pay you $75 for
that or sorry I'd pay you
much or such a spectacular storm huh oh
well I beg your pardon your majesty
excuse me
all right so do you watch what I call me
stringers do you mind if we take a look
in these in the other oh no don't get on
your head no not a bit so there's one
let's see here there's one dated
February 1924 about a a the subhead
which is awesome is local artist
monstrous scenes mock Surrealists what
more a lot of words shocking canvases
craze read that for us read it out loud
local what what did what okay yeah
exactly all shocking canvases crazed
local artists monstrous scenes mock
Surrealists feeling now collectors can
buy savage scenes which rival or
surpassed the worst nightmares of the
Great War but which are far more exotic
than that grim business London artist
mr. miles
mr. vile Shipley's work is being sought
out by collectors who have paid up to
three hundred pounds for individual
paintings this correspondent has seen a
number of the works of artists miles
Shipley and finds them repulsive beyond
belief
Maiden's ravaged monsters ripping out a
man's innards shadowy grotesque
landscapes and faces grimacing and
horror represent only a fraction of
Shipley's nightmarish work despite their
repellent content these works are
conceived and executed with uncanny
verily similar very similar to I hate
that word very similar to mr. ship was
imagination is sublime and it's and it
is almost as though the artist had
worked from photographs of alien places
surely never of this earth the artist is
reportedly in contact with quote other
dimensions in which powerful beings
exist and says he merely renders visible
his visions mr. Shipley is a
working-class man without formal
artistic training who has
nonetheless made good where thousands
have failed art critics say that Shipley
provides an English answer to the
continental artistic movement of
surrealism whose controversial
practitioners have still have still to
convince John Boel that the way in which
a thing is painted is more important
than what is painted a tip of the cap to
mr. Shipley for exposing those frauds
and I look at this article and and point
at the sentence alien places surely
never of this earth and just go does it
give an address nope okay gallery or
something
well Shipley of London artist yeah it
just says like mm-hmm but you know the
guy who well you could probably you know
he wrote the article so because there's
no author again for most of these so
it's either wire or you know that sort
of know the second story police baffled
by monstrous murders killer beast shot
but still alive and professor I'm gonna
have you read this one because it
actually takes place near where your
parents live mmm very Hound of the
Baskervilles what what's the date this
is may they may thirteen thirteen twenty
four police baffled by monstrous
murderers Killer Bees shot but still
alive Durand Valley residents a shot
last month by two murderers and a
serious assault and a third victim are
still without a satisfactory explanation
or a perpetrator of the dreadful attacks
at that time lesser Edale farmer George
Osgood and resident Lydia Perkins were
torn to shreds and apparently unrelated
murders on consecutive nights on the
third night wheelwright Harold short was
narrowly killed but managed to drive off
his attacker which he described as a
grisly creature according to the lesser
Edale constable Larry a rabid dog was
shot and killed on the night of mr.
Schwartz attack the police believe the
matter to be closed nevertheless local
residents have subsequently claimed to
have seen and heard a strange beast
lurking around the area
oddly the good folk of lesser Edale
still in doors sleepless nights due to
the bizarre Wheeling's of the beast on
nights of the full moon readers of the
scoop a reminded of the estimated
journals long-standing danger protocols
and are advised that the picturesque
clothes clothes of the Derbyshire peak
district have been cleared to be a zone
of high danger residents of Midlands are
advised to remain indoors at night and
to report all mysterious happenings to
the police and to the scoop and again
just to give it up to the HP Lovecraft
Historical Society not only are these on
actual newsprint but the back of the
paper is all printed out as well which
is awesome but also is hard because
you're like there are eight stories on
me like that could be a scenario leads
the boxing flapper
I am personally partial to this ad hp9
sauce is nice with cheese slaughter
continues and that is so that's the
story that Jackson Elias was looking at
slaughter continues reward offered an
unidentified foreigner was found
floating in the Thames last Tuesday the
24th this is July 3rd 1924 another
victim in the so-called Egyptian murders
Inspector James Barrington of the yard
refused to comment when asked by the
scoop sources exclusive to this journal
state that the victim had been beaten
severely and then stabbed through the
heart in a manner curiously similar to
other murders that have taken place over
the last three years the connection
seems obvious but New Scotland Yard has
yet to confirm that the deaths are
connected
inspector Barrington and his colleagues
appear baffled and no closer to catching
the heinous perpetrator of these crimes
Londoners cry out when will our streets
be safe readers of the scoop are
reminded that this esteemed journal has
a reward now standing at pound 24 for
information leading to the apprehension
and conviction of the murderer be
vigilant stay frosty my friends
part of that one is that you now have
the name of an inspector at Scotland
Yard New Scotland Yard even New Scotland
Yard bareness me because I know what
Sherlock Holmes this time it's just
Scotland Yard when did it become New
Scotland Yard they're just gonna take
you back to Scotland Yard classic in
like a year when it doesn't work no I
don't think anybody I remember where I
was my had new coke new coke was not
good no as a co-worker you know as a
cuckoo yeah so he shows you those three
stories he's like yeah I don't know what
about them Jackson thought was connected
I don't see any connection to them yeah
I don't know if they're connected but
some of the elements potentially have
markers to the cult that he was looking
at in New York as well so professor you
know that that story that you read so
lesser Edale is a town very close to
where your parents live in Derbyshire
that Valley the let's see what was it
wasn't that artists mildly sure was a
valley mentioned in there yeah not
seeing it my story so the Derbyshire
Peak District is like that that's where
your parents live okay so technically
they're in the area that they say you
should be careful but then I went Valley
arrests the dead we got Derwent Valley
Derwent Valley is that where they live
yeah your parents live in the Derwent
Valley okay well the Derwent Valley is
Derbyshire is the county now to you okay
1890 when they moved to a new building
there we go
and then just the New Scotland Yard cuz
it's a new building yeah how it works
you know new question chaos requesting
chaos class yeah no this place is much
nicer so it is about eight twenty we're
gonna take a break in a few minutes is
there anything you guys want to do
anything else you want from Mickey
Mahoney you can ask him about these
stories are there any stories that are
similar to these
well can you anything it tell us about
the Egyptian murders is not a thing how
many people have been murdered and what
yeah what ties them all together
are they murdering Egyptians are gypsies
murdering people are they dressed like
mummies are what I mean and I and I'll
write in my notebook are any symbol
showing up
I like your version much better they
trust like mummies chasing each other
Cass agents mommies are fast to you
mummy
they're zombies but oh no sir fastest oh
they're fast yes they have 40 movement I
have 35 that's not fair it's not what
pays to be on dad they are 28 days later
they move faster don't feel much there
like the World War Z terrible movie
zombies mmm
brutal so he'll tell you that there have
been a total of 19 murders the last
three years and each each has been very
similar there so called the Egyptian
murders because 17 of the dead were
Egyptian nationals what were the other
two the other two were British okay
British nationals and it was again they
were stabbed and beaten they were well
they were beaten then stabbed Oh
similar yes and I think the story
actually they were beaten severely then
okay and the last the last two were not
Egyptian the last two were the English
do they have names on those
oh sorry they lie no I want to correct
that the last one was English the one
before that was Egyptian and they that
he doesn't have names that will lead you
to a Mahoney will go on a long profane
rant about English libel laws and how
much he wishes he worked in the u.s.
mm-hmm good job man sorry buddy okay
talking about
um shall we go to break I'm not sure I'm
interested in the break yeah there we go
all right so we're gonna take a brief
break we will be back good when as soon
as five people can get into one bathroom
there it is
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I lost two numbers that NMC it gets
shorter every time welcome back we were
back from break we are in the offices of
Mickey Mahoney the editor the publisher
of the scoop a lurid English tabloid and
he just gave you three seemingly
unrelated mm-hmm articles about weird
things going on in in or in and around
you asked him you you know you got a
little information from him he can you
know he'll tell you that he can give you
an address for the the art stuff yeah
please he will he will tell you that
that use that is and here we go Chelsea
and so he'll give you a an address there
what kind of a neighborhood is child
saying at the Stathis Chelsea is very
suburban okay interesting
it's like row houses and things okay and
one thing for those of you who are a
good at library use you know you also
have available the British Museum and
several libraries that will you know
have you can you can always go and
research things okay the old joke is
Cthulhu is very much a game of you know
now we're gonna go to the library spend
time there there's a reason why why the
base library uses 20 that's right that's
right
so that that research he'll tell you
that much
Derbyshire you've sort of got all the
information that you're gonna get there
you know it's the town of lesser Edale
and
for the for the Egyptian murders he
suggests you just talk to inspector
Barrington right yeah okay he does warn
you that Barrington is you guys have
been helpful at Barrington he's got a
stick up his arse you got to watch out
for those cops that are by the book mmm
never trust a policeman that isn't
willing to break the law
that's what I say exactly that's how you
get Hilton Adams murdered cops they
break the law I didn't understand
several of the words in that sentence
whose Hilton Adams the Wayman who bleep
was named for Jackson elias's oh yeah
our story we didn't have a name in the
story oh that's right see the cops
they're corrupt they pinned it on him
anyway see well but you can trust a cop
that you know breaks the law because
then you'd understand you got a frame of
reference but a policeman that doesn't
break the law you got no there's no
where do you start that discussion
you're talking about minor laws right oh
yeah like you know a cop that doesn't
take a little on the side or you know
the Barrington Barrington doesn't litter
it doesn't jaywalk doesn't walk on the
grass when it says don't walk on the
grass monster all right so are we
leaving then yep well if I can help you
with anything you know if this if the
scoop can be of use to you and if you've
got a good story yeah like I said I'll
I've got I've got 15 pounds for any
story you give me yep and while I'm
looking at the scoop is there is
there like some ones
missed connections station I said
messages or any readers or psychics or
any like Google ads with like oh yeah
there are toys for likes you know
mystics and you know that sort of thing
there's there's a whole story about
that rake Aleister Crowley and his crazy
parties I mean he's an equal-opportunity
perv yeah sure and yeah like I said
Mahoney will you know he if he can be a
navy of any assistance he's happy to
okay excellent Michael thank you very
much sir have a good connection mm-hmm
what is this what is this feeling
finally haven't burned a place down
angered somebody wait he's not mad at us
are you okay we're not being chased by
oh he's interested in that chicken
piranha well that sounds like mmm it
wasn't exactly tasty I can promise have
a parrot shark but whatever parrot
that's even better you write me that
story you've gotten you've got 15 pounds
have you have you seen a parrot shark
shark shark pen okay okay I would say
shark Parrish so does that mean it looks
more like a shark no no it was a very
bird-like it was a parrot shark so the
white was a parent
sharp teeth a picture I drop would you
get mr. Shipley to draw on
I'm good with chalk actually well I mean
you know we I'm very interested in
stories about parrot sharks if you have
any information on these sorts of things
if you see one in London for instance
what time is it I think it's time yeah
and again London has no prohibition so
go to town wait or go to the Essex yeah
speaking going to town my hevener just
donated 1,500 truly a patron of the Arts
in the wait where any of those for me
I don't know did kind of ignore the ones
pursue weird math that was going on we
have to spend six we've don't challenge
accepted it's a goal all right so as
soon as it as soon as we're out of the
office I might try look at them and end
and hold up my notebook where I've
written Shipley we have to see yeah I
agree
so the only thing on your books is you
have an appointment we have you have an
appointment with the pinyon right on and
win tomorrow
and you have a calendar there yes out by
your parents neighborhood in the full
moon is a terrible idea
it's an amazing idea getting them out of
there knowing they probably need more
chocolate
and we like patty I blink at you for a
moment than right well you had coming in
fast
thank you sir I think that's a that's a
slug you know looking at this code that
gives me an idea
hmm I wonder when the next lunar eclipse
or solar eclipse is oh I can tell you
that's an excellent question
yeah mm-hmm can I tell you that let me
see here I remember there being
discussion that the date a new year were
very important because when eclipse
so I finally catch on to what Jackson's
juniors talking about here about the
accordingly so the full lunar eclipse
according to the Almanac is gonna be
January 1926 there are gonna be a couple
of partial oh yeah
no no no there's no January then make
make nothing of that 1925 I make many
things of that the there will be some
minor lunar you know partial lunar
eclipses but the only full lunar eclipse
is January January 19th ISA I know I
just said January 1926 almanacs you know
they're not as precise yeah well we
could calculate from the last day of
December that gets going I mean I could
Oh Oh interesting
Oh December for the lunar eclipse so
that means it'll probably be about 28
days afterwards 26 26
mm-hm
you feel pretty good about that math
meanwhile I'm like what what's January
yeah yeah the only time I know is
whiskey time
in England they say Pimm's o'clock
Pimm's o'clock cocktail called yeah I
love it a little minibar o'clock
somewhere he's getting it engraved with
it just it's a DM is it the one or the
tuna whatever was inside any fridge that
ice free just it's like they want you to
take it yeah they do charge for that but
don't worry so you could get to
Chelsea's a cab ride mm-hmm you know a
fairly easy cab ride it's you were you
you went there late afternoon so it's
like you know I don't know it's 4:00
it's tea time as you said yeah should we
should go unless you think there's
anything else more important but I think
we go let's go see come on simply yeah
okay so you get they give you an address
that you go to it's a a nondescript row
house it is the address doesn't matter
it's six address Street any in
Chelsea it it is a nondescript row house
and it is there's a doorbell ring yep so
this isn't in a gallery no no this is
just a house selling out of his house or
this is just his house and we found in
the phone book this is the address that
Mahoney gate now we got the inside track
okay what name at least or myrin maile
veterans all right so I'm gonna ring the
nope
shut the door hairy shark we are not
home shark beastie things
Andy Graham is a very nice old woman
answers okay okay I hope she doesn't buy
oh my can I help you oh good afternoon
ma'am
nice jr. hand hello we'd like to see we
were told that we could see mile
Shipley's artwork
oh you'll hear about the painting yes
we'd love to see them one second miles
like having flashbacks to my house so I
hear about your paintings love I feel
very calm coming coming - yes please
no all right she she taught us off to
the kitchen
and you here like upstairs you here like
some clomping and she's in the kitchen
you hear like you know that you hear the
kettle being put on and she comes back
and she starts like showing you baby
pictures of miles yes every three
minutes scripto miles that's nice to
hear do we hear anything upstairs she's
oh my he's my boy is touched
he's a little slow but he'll be down
does he does he paint here does he
paint upstairs in his room he paints
in the basement okay hmm
so yeah she'll like she'll let her grow
of cthulhu don't go in the basement
she will D know good things happen in
basements she will you know like I said
she's showing you baby pictures she
shows you like he won art awards in
school and he got a whole kind of
scholarship to the Royal Academy he did
okay really did he go
oh yes yes he did and you know it was it
was just a few years ago that he he
started to pink the well the I write the
weird things yeah yeah I don't know what
brought it on but he he's still my sweet
boy
don't mind me asking when did he receive
the scholarship exactly was it last year
here before oh no this is when he was he
was oh gosh
15 years ago when he was much younger
he's a big boy now when she says he's a
big boy now
miles Shipley steps into the room mm-hmm
and ears for days he he like sort of
uncomfortable mother you're embarrassing
me hello - why are those our mr. Shipman
is it's very we've heard so much of your
work I'm just wondering why there are so
many of you well it's a long story a
great lover of various different forms
of art and we heard that yours was
particularly unique I would love to see
hey hey that's it 18 that might five all
right with a critical success you
noticed that he looks like he gives a
little side eye to his mother when he
says this mhm but I don't think that's a
so you don't show it publicly your art
cuz I heard there was did I hear there
was a sale of art because it said that
now collectors can buy this out she'd
actually stood the kettle had gone off
and she stepped out of the room so he
looked back at the kitchen mm-hmm when
cuz I understand you were selling your
art at least that's what the paper said
her I don't really love to see it
especially if it was unusual or hardness
are you okay sir do you need help no no
no he needs to spot hidden me doing this
[Laughter]
bananas banana
no-no-no I can sell you what painting do
you want I can paint you anything what
do you want me to paint you I sort of
look at him it was really intently for a
moment
he's very unlike he he like will meet
your eyes and look away and then meet
your eyes and look away it I'm sorry I
don't mean it's okay oh you just know
not okay we're going to make it okay I
it's just about making paint does and I
and then I pull it back and say believe
me I understand and hold it up and touch
who wants tea she comes doddering back
in oh please all right yes she pours you
all anything piping on and then she has
and then she has little biscuits Oh
dance they aren't out of a pack
you know the pack is still on there it's
a it's nothing fancy here okay but it's
this dildo phone yes yes I take a cup
and fake drink yeah okay I'm gonna eat a
that's your Emma I'm going to enjoy a
very familiar sort of tea yeah
yes this is this is a home brewed come
cuppa mm-hmm in a while Oregon Montana
welcome ascension stories and thank you
for sentient stories nice well yeah
welcome us and we descend yes so um
where is having an afternoon tea in
London with a crazy painter with an
artist who has seen something that he
doesn't want to talk about yeah yeah um
he says you you want to see my
paintings or do you want me to paint see
yeah we want to see what you've painted
so far or you have a currently available
I don't love you something you're
working on that's not quite done yet
oh I know how artists can get so if you
don't want to show that that's fine yeah
I'm
mother should I show them the paintings
how we could use the money miles it
would help us a great deal but you know
what is best for you boy okay it's
Jesus
we we we go downstairs okay I write
down do we have to are you not speaking
either he doesn't see hmm so you grab my
notebook and write like is it
possible for you to just bring up a
sample I mean right now lighting
lighting is not right I think we could
go downstairs you can stay here and uh
okay help Mom with some mix more tea if
you feel uncomfortable I would love to
show you my Oasys baby book I'm sure you
would enjoy I have to see it okay we'll
deal with you in a second we're
splitting the party you three are going
down yes yes okay the party are you like
taking the safety off of your gun um
very quietly do you want me to roll for
it no no but everybody can make a spot
hidden roll let me know if you get a
critical success oh boy no I almost got
a criticals I missed it by one I could
spend luck do it spend it fine I'm gonna
spend luck on this 30 did you get I got
just a regular success all right so I'm
gonna spend the 1 lakh to get used to
the which takes you like 8 lockers ya
know 41 oh that's not bad
okay you spend what you get a critical
success uh-huh so you hear the click
yeah of there Robert it's super subtle
yeah and you notice like the mom like
sort of like just slightly looks okay
interesting
well if you go then you go and you're
gonna stay with mm-hm I just grab them
by the elbow so I just grabbed you by
the arm and I'm like we stay here and I
kind of eyeball let's go alright so he
takes you down and on my way downstairs
like I am cognizant of the fact that
like does the short and where does the
lock on the basement door okay is that
on the inside of the out gates on yeah
it's it's in the kitchen okay he so as
he's going down as he takes you down he
like pulls the string on the light and
this is a dimly lit like dirt very dark
dirt it's there you know the goal shoot
is a source of less sunlight in this
place and this is where I keep the
painting I paint in the Attic mm-hmm but
I keep the paintings here so that
they're not near where I sleep mother
mother says you want to buy paintings
mm-hmm is there any kind of painting you
want to buy how many do you have
currently I have too many well
can we send some what they are like
interesting creatures hmm you don't have
to look at them creature didn't enix
just look through them and you can stay
here III write one word in my notebook
Egyptian he goes and without looking he
just pulls he there's a flat there of
about eight canvases on wooden racks and
he pulls one out and it is it is a
processional of
an ancient Egyptian scene there is a
crowd of people sort of on either side
there's a tremendous sense of motion to
this piece there's a centre road
essentially and in that road is a
chariot and in the chariot is a very
familiar figure there is with his back
to the painting mhm and all around him
are people falling to their knees in is
that facial expression adulation is it
terror doesn't of the other and as in
the foreground of the painting as if
he's travelling away from them two men
have been impaled on stakes and
eviscerated and I see the dark Pharaoh
and yets
Brienne recoil a little bit he doesn't
seem to notice he just goes Egypt how
did these ideas come to you when I sleep
okay and I when I write when did this
um he he puts that painting he puts him
on a on a easel like facing away so that
the canvas is the pictures facing away
from him he pulls out heat without
looking again he just pulls one out and
he turns around he doesn't look at it he
turns it to face you and and without
looking at it
he just said drawn in in blood and it is
it's a man being cut open with a silver
dagger in the hand the daggers being
held by a black-robed figure and it is
some sort of sacrifice that's going on
and on the person's chest a some sort of
signal has been carved and it seems to
twist and move kind of like does it
look at the same sigil that was on
Jackson Eliza's forehead get it doesn't
it does that up what about the serpent
tongue okay bring out the bloody tongue
thank you no no this is not I mean a
it's hard to pin it down okay you swear
like every time you look at it it's
slightly different it's kind of got a
madala Espiral ii kind of thing I went
on does it look like anything anything
vaguely related to what the dark Pharaoh
carved on my on my forehead in the
previous episode during that trance
vision thing no I mean I was trying to
decide if that would be cool or not I
I need a montage of all my segues thanks
Eli that's awesome yeah
much appreciated very much appreciated
thank you maybe because of that Myles
Shipley is wearing blue lipstick he so
he puts that one again facing away he
reaches in he's not so he hasn't tried
to sell you any of these and there's
like no there's not a price tag or
anything like that he's just a goat
would and he turns it to you and it's a
it's woods it's nighttime there's a
yellow moon that is like putting really
kind of sickly yellow light on
everything and there's a group of naked
men and women dancing around a bonfire
and out of the flames sort of rising up
in a column of smoke is a goat-headed
man who like is almost like a conductor
sort of like egging on the people who
are dancing and I sort of frown and lean
in little closer to look at it and okay
make me a con roll Oh am I getting
bludgeoned with a frying pan
yeah 28 nice hi con you feel that's
like a half success right yeah so you
get a little buzz like you know almost
like you've had that one drink that gets
you to your happy place it's gone pretty
quickly but you get a little buzz I was
only I was fake drinking yeah oh the tea
you were drinking yeah but were you real
drink drinking yeah oh it's real tea but
you're slamming whiskey
and then real I know I was checking for
the whiskey okay okay oh I see you're
you're a little buzzed
we love us okay I mean it better than to
drink the tea yeah okay I am since
since we're on me for a moment I'm just
scanning around finding frying-pan big
night is she has a sewing bag with
needles in it no knitting needles yeah
that's the only like as you look around
you're like what could hurt me in this
room right okay you think everything
with someone determined enough you think
you know the the flask in your pocket
will hurt your liver but other than that
those needles are the only thing you see
to worry about education yeah she
finishes her cup of tea and she she says
I'm just gonna pop over put the kettle
back on do you need anything
love oh I touched your tea fabulous
thank you I haven't do I do we hear her
footsteps coming back like Toyota yeah
you hear like there's a plant the plant
dies oh sure he's gonna show you a
couple more paintings the the the last
one that he shows you he calls Black
Mountain mm-hmm and it's very similar to
a vision you yeah I was waiting for that
that's it's a towering mountain it it
feels like because of the coloration and
some things you get a very African feel
to it and over the mountain is this is
that bloody tongue that you saw this
thing like looming over the mountain and
it is slaughtering supplicants like on a
mass level there are just people below
it that look to be celebrating it and
and and worshipping it and it's just you
know slaughtering them left right and
center
okay so I'm done with that one yeah make
a sand roll okay hmm and while I'm
walking away or whatever where's Octavia
in relationship to me what's 30
where's the hose Mustang oh that's fine
yeah yeah you lose one one sanity never
getting this back
so where's Octavia compared to me I'm
guessing you guys are kind of in a
semi-circle around the painting okay
because the basement is not is is a
pretty much is just a wide a wide open
room okay it's maybe you know 15 by 15
so it's not a huge room okay the
stairway is to your back and you're
facing this way and literally all it's
in here is easels and that crate of
paintings okay I don't know these are
interesting interesting I would be
willing to purchase at least these two
and I point to the fair one and the
Black Mountain LAN house a hundred
pounds sound to you he liked his eyes
bug out a little that at that amount of
money and he he says well so too much I
I - not enough I are they precious to
you I'd meet - mother yeah just these
two the other two I don't know are they
not good no they're very well done I'm
just these two really fascinating do I
when she says they're very well done
that's what I'm trying to figure out
from her zone when she says that is she
being forthright like is that really in
her like you you think the answer yeah
they're okay there's any definite
because I'm assuming you have more
experience with heart work than I do
both of you would if I if you said this
was a really good art I'd be like okay
um you three drank the tea right I
didn't come on okay let me know you
drive tea so make a make a con role this
is not good for me this is very not good
for me inspire inspire you sure yes
thank you yeah thank you we're gonna
have to fight you all I'm in a minute
yeah no same number in fact I didn't
know it got that it wasn't worse the
Avery lie I wrecked your inspiration
Amyas has to be worse yeah that's
everything's fine
everything's great do you guys feel
like woozy at all no all right no and
all of a sudden you're in a different
place you are in the middle you're in
the middle of a fire there is you're on
a city street mm-hmm it seems old-timey
uh or what you think is old-timey it
looks like an opera set okay everything
is burning around you does it feel holy
screaming oh yeah yeah you are you are
in the street in a fire and people are
running by you and screaming mm-hmm and
do I feel the people with pushing past
me so I'm oh yeah yeah oh you yeah you
are oh boy like look around and try to
get my bearings if it looks like
anything that I've ever seen before get
an idea of where to run if I need to run
Shh oh she drops to the ground okay okay
so I run over and I mean we don't have
to run very far but I don't know she's
seeing paintings what do you mean she's
seeing paintings that's how I see what
I'm gonna paint
oh so you're awake it's not in your
sleep it's awake that you see these
connections to sleep okay actually start
like is she like out cold yeah chuckles
yeah she's
you have to be honest with us when you
say five years
what what what happened that made you
start seeing these paintings mother
mother
no no no starts calling for another no
no no no she's upstairs right now she's
fine she's gonna be okay she's gonna be
fine
did she make you did you make you put
something on my mother mm-hmm pardon me
love got to see what Myles needs mm-hmm
okay she goes doddering over the attic
[Laughter]
do make you an offer free fare shut
obviously we have plenty of time to
escape from the base we're gonna have a
diversion and about there just stab her
or stabbed yourself your choice
roll it do you want to you want to claim
to fight that's yeah no I will have
stamped myself tries just trying to like
you grab this needle and you're like 95
so you two can I know you can't it's
fine you do hear a piercing screw
everybody
[Laughter]
it sounds remarkably like someone
stabbing themselves with a foot long
needle in the thigh you do tomorrow are
there is blood like coming out all over
this poor woman's sofa that's gonna be
fun to put up the expense report don't
ask
look at Emily I'm holding Alexandra can
you yeah so I think miles and I'm like
let's go upstairs and a scream happens
he like curled up in a ball and he's
like old scared he's like shaking okay
then you're done son I'm gonna run
upstairs all right
the the mother is at the stairway and
she's like looking back at you and she's
just like step down I fell into this bag
and it stabbed me do I do it is Bluff a
skill you can use and others persuade
there's fast on a stalk here I have
nothing in it I'm a cop I'm a
straight-up good cop doesn't break the
law all right just like I fell into that
basket a towel
yes down so she like goes into the
kitchen and she's like wetting a towel
you upstairs she's wetting a towel it's
like a femoral artery's yeah he's
bleeding
first on yourself oh stop the bleeding I
think you're pretty good at that first
day yeah we gonna cut his anyway nope
all right so you you have me
on his thigh a rounded needle that is
protruding from his leg and the couch
that was a lovely off-white a very
tasteful not any more nuts it is now
like a horrible lurid pink and there's
like a stain sort of like spreading
across it and he is he's like trying to
clamp the wound down and like looks kind
of pale like yes some blood all right so
I'm gonna call for a medic who dumbest
do they have a phone in this like ma'am
ma'am come from put the put the hanky
down we need a medic we need we need to
get him to a hospital call an ambulance
yes all right she goes and she like
picks up old school and she's like she's
like spitting the phones hello operator
oh I know it's Bertha miles is fine but
some nice young man has been stabbed
here seems to fallen into a bad my
knitting bad send an ambulance ambulance
please give me the phone
I just snatch it I'm sorry what's your
name Alma Elbe oh well that's it we
didn't ambulance you know where to go
they must be American very very rude
well thank you Alma yes yes my love to
Bertrand gotta get out of this country
soon that's need to hear I do so love
your lemon bars I can't don't know you
you tell the vicar that I still bring
the potato salad to the next and she's
like nattering on alright somebody help
me
make me a powerful Oh as opposed to a
Oh mister by three this is how I work
[Applause]
no don't MA in the box come on Yuma oh I
finally made it I didn't oh man sorry
um she's breaking did you make any sort
of success just regular success yeah
alright oh thanks fine you wake up
you're you're back in the basement
you feel you feel sick mm-hmm sort of
like a net bite nauseous mmm nauseous
I'd scramble away from from I can feel
someone holding me I don't know I don't
quite register who it is so I just like
push and scramble away just like okay
find a corner not gonna throw up good
throw up not gonna throw up that's when
you learn the sign for thrilling now I
turn to the let's be very good sign
language but I do know that one
so you've scrambled into a corner he's
just this right corner yeah you do that
corner the tough technology low on you
both down there still there make me a
yeah
fifteen yeah well as far yours alright
when she scrambles away like the light
bulb which is just naked there's no hood
on it or anything the light bulb like
goes like this a little and lights parts
of the room that weren't showing up in
the dark and over by where she scrambled
you see a table and on the table are
mason jars and next to the table is a
stone
tub of some sort like a coal hangar or
something interesting
are you exam saw stuff hmm okay your
back okay
apparently so
mmm
I look at the man what is is he still
desirable he's freaking out like between
the noise upstairs and like mmm he's
just like category he's like in the
fetal position okay I don't know we
might have a moment and I point out the
that stone thing hey that's near you
what is this okay I have a look at it
and sure yeah it kind of grab the table
and pull myself up so again the light is
not very good here and the only one of
you of the flashlight is currently
bleeding okay but it is it is like a a
stone tub it almost looks like a well
that has a bottom to it or something
okay but it's not a well but that's like
sort of the shape of it and it has a
metal lid on top a heavy metal lid and
it appears the lid is locked well that's
sort of a lock is it like a very simple
padlock I look at it and then that and
then I look over at miles try it still
trying to catch my breath from what I
saw he's not paying you any attention do
we need to see inside here I think it
might be useful if we knew what was
inside or it might be a reason why it's
painting all these things
no there's a lot of reasons I'm sure
that was and I like look at my skin to
sit assay to see if I picked up any like
char marks or anything right Wow
mm-hmm I'm gonna do actually chart no no
okay I do it do it do a lots of picking
okay you can assist her because you know
somewhere you're looking better than
mine if you want to take it on I think
tip dynamite whoever's got the better
one you can't smuggle guns in the UK but
dynamite all right so make your role if
you assist her she could say I am
assisting you okay that well you make
the role okay so if she does this you
get advantage I got thirty five out of
ten okay so wasn't a fumble nope
okay so you're gonna get it open it's
just gonna take a little while okay um
yeah I didn't critically fail it yes
alright so well you're doing that we
come back up here so you just phone are
you going back to him yeah actually
whispers into my ear do you have time I
mean no I don't you have a disadvantage
die because all you really are looking
so a split second too late you see the
yeah cuz you already stand that so yep
not quite a hard stare a hard success
but yeah it's alright I definitely make
it you take five points of damage
your vision those weird swimmy things
yeah but you do not go unconscious okay
you so your your back is turned
yeah get hit you see lovely the happy
little Bertha I'm still not convinced
she's a bad person well I'm not you
like as she hit her with the frying
pan she opens her mouth and her teeth
are crocodile sharp and a tongue like
flicks out like and that's where we're
gonna end it for this we will start with
some initiatives next session I think
it's gonna go well be nice thanks so
much everybody again for our incredible
community how many are we putting in the
voi there the boy II so we have four I
have too much respect for Jerry Lewis to
the artist we're putting foreign nice
that's great
we have some made-up threshold that will
get you something I don't know what it
is Thomas takes care of all that stuff
the threshold is 25 to attempt for a
book drawing and where we are I don't
I've no idea let's see what there's a
lot I don't know there's a lot in there
I'm totally various sorry that camera
that math checks out yeah yeah again
thank you for your likes your subscribes
everything thank you for the chat and
our awesome moderators deaf nor the
barrenness me the both articles I like
it both grammatically correct he's not
it's not a Hamner it's D it has to be
happy and we will see you next week
thanks everybody
thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
