Kind: captions
Language: en
you
hello internet friends and welcome to
quests and Cthulhu
we're playing massive nayeth otep and
it's a full table welcome back sigh yeah
[Applause]
when we left our I think increasingly
the word heroes needs to be in quotation
marks just like protagonist I guess
maybe we'll say when we left things you
saw he has what I call this catalyst
versus bone hunters and adventures when
we left them last time we we were just
about to roll initiative but first I
want to do a couple of announcements
very exciting we're going to be giving
away this session either a Cthulhu star
a colleague through starter kitten a
book from Nord games or so he promises
not to judge you on their choice judging
is pretty much all I do that's why I'm
aji enough lair
so right before the break we're gonna
have somebody put in a word we're gonna
give you a code word to say that Thomas
will make up probably is there a
standard word they do or no it's all
different it's different every time but
what's different every time it's
different every time I just cut to the
camera with all of us it's like it's
like we have a director so we will do
that giveaway at the break
Kubla Khan Memorial Day you know the
drill come play games with us come watch
people play don't know it's live it's
gonna be awesome
heckle away so like I said at the end of
last session you guys had for
inspirations just get all daming yep I
like what he put in the middle of the
table Tom you have to get that awkward
like reached in front of the camera
there's a reason I stand up to get these
I want to start with a little bit of
like we've done some times in the past
with the X card or something like that
but I like to sort of build layers into
the game and sort of after we've
introduced some concepts and introduced
something else and also it's just a good
idea as a GM to do kind of a how are we
doing are is is everything you want to
see happening in the game and so when I
run a con game at the break I asked my
players is there anything that hasn't
happened yet that really needs to happen
in the second half of this game and then
whatever they tell me I'm going to make
sure that happens we are nowhere near
the second the halfway mark of this
monster but I want to start - in - to
work those ideas into here so I gave our
players some homework and I asked them
each to think of three things that their
character they really wanted their
character to do in this in this campaign
and then it's my job to figure out how
the how we can make those things happen
I'm really really hoping someone picks
surgery
that's my no but I didn't know I could
manifest this car chases somebody say
car chases carriage chases carriage
chase yeah we need terracotta warriors
that's what it's a callback to a
previous game all right so let's start
over here
professor Rebecca what do you got uh
let's see here so I'd like to utilize my
intelligence my knowledge so anything to
do with the occult or history ancient
history and ancient cultures I also
would like to get my mechanical skills
in so if that means it's a mechanical
repair or operating a heavy machinery
fixing things that kind of stuff and
also explore my power cuz it's it's up
there with the intelligence as well all
right which also means that your sanity
is quite high that is correct
all right lucky you yeah well I've
gotten used to the idea of some weird
stuff out there throughout human and
cultural history or at least in Peru
it's definitely improved and New York
and now well London not yet London where
we are yes
all right Tiana what were your three my
three is alexandria has a very
particular set of skills and only a few
of them have gotten used I am enjoying
doing the least a be savvy but I also
would like to use more of the other
subterfuge because I have I have pretty
good disguise okay so disguise and
stealth disguise and stealth and then
something for something that's not at
all on the sheet but I would love to
think think Elliott from leverage will
will absolutely stab us have your heart
out but if but if you interrupt her in
the middle of cutting that vegetable she
that gets you're not expecting cooking
to be will start having a weekly recipe
well that sounds good don't tempt me I
will so my putting putting me to shame
there are GM's I see this on Facebook
there are GM's who when they and when
they each week or month when they do
monthly when they have a session they
like cook a dish from that place and so
like dinners part of the game and so
like this is a Peruvian fish stew that
they eat and that's right so if so so
Alexandre so here comes the segue I just
can just be if they're no there's
nothing
alright but but well judging where would
that's only going to go and find a on
DRA stays mama on DRA stays cook but I'm
wearing a books to my travel wanted to
know fair enough
I guess it's cannon man oh man and well
let's let's get through this all right
where we get to lead to the most alright
sigh what are your three things does not
caring about people's lives count oh
that might come up very shortly
cool I want to do more spell work to
help with everything cuz like I know
most surely yes yeah and it might be
that first one I also wrote down like
wanting people for money but then you
mentioned first aids and then I looked
at my first base else I was like you
have more first band I was the first
dates really bad or I enjoy that like my
first dates terrible but I want to do it
that could be you know you're just like
first aid raise dead oh sorry
oh yeah but you're working again yeah
you're so alive or zombie now but
whatever let's forget the mindless Amy
what are you were three okay so I
would like to not kill anyone
oh that was the only one it's fine do
you mean other players that's generally
not really one that's a goal so you
don't want to kill anyone or even what
the party really want disappoint layers
but but like and when I say anyone let's
just start with human I don't know how
its extended
well cuz not even cuz what happens if we
make chicken legs our pet yeah up to you
two to figure that out because our
chicken here comes our dish whether or
not chicken 1s soul yeah we can make
them packs I also have a goal of
actually solving a case like finding out
you know like we were obviously epically
a failure in New York when we didn't
cook when we didn't get what's-his-name
off death row I can't remember his name
he'll take that yeah so that obviously
tells you how much I cared about his
cause but it would be nice to do
it'd be so nice you just saw the crime
like a normal human like a normal person
you know like normal people don't solve
crimes though well come on yeah Amy
lives in Murder She Wrote yeah exactly
was that your free no that was just to
my third would just being used my
good point mmm-hmm if it's more holy
water to likely killed us all this stuff
will either make you believe hood thank
you and now Thomas is in a weird place
because he's dr. McGillicuddy no
promises he is sort of a filling
character but then like he keep you know
he keeps family fans love them so you
know we can't we can't say no they can't
get enough but I don't think they've
ever said that I talk about my three
though we should go and do the favorite
proportion of the show is Baroness
tonight
fifteen hundred
uriens great our moderators and we can
cut to the we saw through some really
incredibly stupid ideas in the GI Joe
character they this one might be the top
so GI Joe had a sailor named shipwreck
who looked like one of the Village
People he had a pet parrot not on the
internet does not have this on the list
name was Polly of course and Polly could
annoy in the cartoon would annoy
everyone so much that they would leave
Polly behind and so one time when they
left Polly behind in what in an idea
that I cannot even imagine how many
drugs were involved Polly had a dream in
the cartoon and in Polly's dream Polly
formed an elite task force of GI Joe
pets o P ETS pets
it was the primal emergency tactical
squad oh my god it was a collection of
the various pets of GI Joe members that
then win and solved crimes and fought
Cobra I need that to be its own
spin-offs there really is a party
network Chow sure it was he should it
was a laser Polly was that the pets was
a terrible idea
and that is whoever made it back
although Polly did have its it's there
it I don't know what the pronoun of a
parody I Pauline with a name like Polly
maybe she but you know never assumed
gender people safety they Polly had
their own now you know segment that like
they did totally as a parrot like this
poor kid was like getting bullied at
yeah that's that's a great moment pets
google it pride what was it primal
emergency tactical dance
I love this that is the best worst idea
was croc master and his alligator in
there I believe rock master was that was
it yeah Kronk pastor was Cobra oh okay
yeah he was looking at GI Joe might
enjoy pets okay Teresa there was a like
a falcon or a honker yeah the the the
Indy Native American guy had a an eagle
I think a spirit that was that sounds
milling admittedly he was like he was
like sub Apache chief level of offensive
cartoon and I apologize everyone I'm
gonna go turn the air conditioner thank
you
it's very hot in the indeterminate
location where we take it is
unseasonable warm in this area yeah uh
so Thomas what are your three things my
favorite thing to do is irritate
everybody checks out dollar it is our
goal achieved so first off with an
unusually high art and craft skill right
up your he needed the one we didn't
pearl this no there we go no never
explain your joke the best jokes towards
the actor explain oh yeah there's so
much funnier that way don't you know you
do realize you have no arts in craps
I'm starting off is your art what what
is your your art your it's mostly
dioramas you know there's handy and
police work I mean well it could have
come in handy when were in Egypt and we
need a model of some ancient city if
we're gonna raid a building you can do a
all right height distance and buildable
Aramis you know this seems like such a
good idea when I came up with yeah and
then honestly it's just to do I want to
be a lawful good character and not kill
anyone but you know what somebody to
kill someone already so that you know
Jade you know trying to thread the
needle all right between you know so to
speak I mean as long as you don't kill
them it's fine yeah are you gonna kill
to kill people that call we're all out
of their skin those are not people
anymore okay Wow Wow
that's just ugly it's a magical shudders
where's Polly take your magical creature
I don't know maybe souls we don't know
yes this is a sort of ideological
argument Amy wants to have for our new
goal we've got to get a shark parrot on
our side my goal is to push my glasses
up less there's nothing better for your
self-esteem then watching weekly how
many times you do this - I have a
counter yeah you're just gonna get the
strap you know yeah I need to look dorky
it's actually absurd because I couldn't
if I watch these back and I realize just
how often I blink I blink a lot more
than anyone hopes on savoring it ha
you're no good yeah I'm not gonna say
that word cuz somebody in chat
have a like icon of something awful this
is paradise get on that stop those
people come on you're the you're the
good moderator good villain stable
moderator
all right well those are terrible this
and I'm gonna start ignoring them
immediately here here let's kill some
people that's indeed let's no actually
thank you for doing that and those
things will show up in the in some cases
in the long term so before we set the
scene in the room I want in the end the
lovely house
the Shipley house I want to spend a
little time with Lady Jezebel so you you
the last thing you remember
is on the ship to London you were going
to conduct a séance to contact Jackson
Elias and the last thing you remember is
flipping over the fool card and you wake
up and you are in your house in your
flat in London mm-hmm and next next to
your sort of bedside table is a goblet a
wine glass that is not one you own okay
and a little note a little table tent
sort of thing by it says drink me
cool boy really love Alice in Wonderland
this is too good the motto of Call of
Cthulhu I'll get up and I'll take the
Goblet and I just want to examine like
does it look like poison is it wine
make an intelligence roll let's call it
that hmm have made it all right it
seems actually it's not wine it's Mead
of some preferred meat over wine
significantly that smell good it smells
great
okay this this honey smell and and some
sort of spice smell cinnamon II nutmeggy
something call car as soon as you touch
it to your lips you are you're on a vast
field of blackness and in front of you
is a Titanic it's the Sphinx in front of
you is what is essentially the Sphinx
but instead of a face it just has a
field of stars so it's the statue of the
Finks and it looks like a statue but
where the face is it's like looking up
into the night sky and there are no
stars anywhere else but in this thing's
face I'm gonna try walking close to it
um you you feel rather than hear a deep
sort of almost grating voice and it and
you have returned you are the linchpin
in the game who are you I am everything
I am eternity so why are you as Thanks
this image is all that your primitive
brain can understand of my true village
the human brain seeks to imprint images
it can comprehend over what it cannot
truly hmm I am here to offer you
assistance with what and what game the
grand game do you be a little bit more
specific the Pharos game Alexander
didn't mention something about a dark
Pharaoh wait are you a the dark Pharaoh
thing I am eternity I am everything I'm
gonna take that as a yes okay what are
you here to help me with you will face
do you require knowledge and power I
meaning what
do I give you in return for the power
and knowledge you will continue down
your path of antipathy towards your
fellow man this power will cost a sliver
okay hmm power and knowledge to help
with this game that we're apparently
playing and the cost would be by
humanity a sliver I mean judging by I
don't really have much anyway cuz i you
know convene with the dead and that's
one of the reasons i contact you know
your clumsy attempts at power are the
reason that you are in this trouble hmm
the sorcerer in-kwon a can easily find
you when you perform your rituals blood
magic is primitive it is noisy to put it
in a term you would understand my power
alright I'll I agree deal before you
the true nature of the game alright and
all of a sudden the starfield from the
head just starts expanding out and you
are it's almost like you become linear
as you are sort of pulled into the star
field and you are you are at the
creation of the world mm-hmm
there is a cloud of dust coming together
mm-hmm slowly in front of you and there
are massive incalculable beings that are
essentially being captured in this mist
in this this dirt in this cloud and
being covered up one of them is the
father of magic and he gets put in
something another one is a massive
creature with tentacles all over it like
an octopus head it gets pulled into
something creatures that are just
amorphous clouds all being pulled in to
these various things and the earth is
locked around them the earth you come to
one is not in the earth and that is
every time you look at it it looks a
little different but it's the Pharaoh
it's a massive corpse of a bloated woman
it's a I'd say it's this thing it's this
bloody tongue thing every time you look
at it it's a little different but it is
not trapped in the earth and as time
begins to speed forward as all of these
things happen you you find that in
various periods in history usually
around an eclipse this pharaoh / other
group preacher rises up and tries to
free all those horrible things that are
trapped there mm-hmm-hmm and it it's I
mean it's hard to get a scale of time
but as you watch civilizations rise and
fall
starting with non-human civilisations
millennia ago there's a there's a group
of lizard people that show up on earth
and they the the dark Pharaoh tries to
get them to break this this prison and
it never is successful it's always the
warden but it always tries again and and
it seems bear it seems like clockwork it
seems like it's always happening and you
come up - you know you see ancient Egypt
and this time the fit the the dark
Pharaoh actually takes command of the of
the country of Egypt and tries to use a
nation to achieve this but it's a he's
undone by humanity by the scheming of
humanity the people who want the true
power they they they're killed black
Pharaoh but you come to understand this
thing can't be killed it just comes back
and in your head
eternity tells you this is the messenger
of the older of the Elder Gods
this messenger seeks only the return of
the Elder Gods the return of the Elder
Gods would doom your planet what would
happen to me if your planet is doomed
well I mean you would need me to help
you do that for the knowledge and the
power and I do like the sound of really
good knowledge and power
I'm eternity I have no role in the game
hmm so I would get knowledge and power
up until they destroy my planet that
doesn't sound like the best bargain your
knowledge and power would potentially
forestall the release of the Elder Gods
hmm that is the game that you and your
companions are currently pieces in us
against other gods a game that it is
becoming clear to me you poorly
understand
hmm yeah your decision must be hastened
because this is happening and all of a
sudden in your head you are in a small
living room a lovely house in the middle
of England
and this nice old woman don't believe it
is looking at McGillicuddy who is
bleeding profusely from a a wound in his
leg bleeding all over her poor couch and
she looks very upset and then Emma comes
up and starts to do something and you
see the old woman like sniff the air and
her eyes kind of roll up in her head and
all of a sudden her teeth are like
crocodile teeth they're sharp and and
like you see a tongue flick out like a
lizard a flick of a tongue and she just
takes a frying pan and just brains Emma
and eternity says your friends require
your help with or without my gift
I accept now take me to my friends very
well you once again are elongated and
you feel that and you are standing
outside of that house you're on the
doorstep of that house you make me a
Santa you're old I made it okay you lose
three sanity you gain you gain a spell
so you now know the spell well you are
given a choice you can take protective
magic or you can take aggressive magic
aggressive magic this is my surprised
face get the spell you learn a spell
contact eternity and this will you can
use this spell to contact that surely
not at all unhelpful being and then
you learn to spell I should have written
this down when I got it Rach rawwr
ACK okay and you know that anytime you
use these spells it will have impacts on
you know things like sanity mm-hmm not
only yours but the people around you
because you are using in human literally
abilities and powers mm-hmm
okay and now we're gonna go to
initiatives but before then but before
that because squirrel on the run is so
awesome
and donated 500 bits slam she said that
if you're gonna go around drinking
mystery liquids on your table you're
thank you we appreciate you not come out
of the joint account she's got a bad
habit it's nothing and I mean it's a
everybody else so it's initiatives with
you are at the door mmm you can see in
sort of the front picture box window
Amy sort of flying forward
bloods burning yeah Thomas like laughing
they're a little gray and you two are
downstairs you have backed into a corner
and you were comforting miles who
remains catatonic we are trying to open
though the box right you know so miles
ship and company the artist is down
there with you
Bertha is up here
miles fell over what miles okay let's
all right on an 80 hole Bertha will
smile biting yeah I know she's that
dexterous Bertha will begin to speak in
a horrible yeah both of you make me
listen rules by the way in a horrible
hissing voice saying words that are not
English shaded nope if you made it you
clearly hear a of like a metal hit cast
iron hitting something hard I missed a
match
alright then you don't wince when you
hear like
uh did you hear that yeah what something
banging sound websiteís Hertha's
chanting 80s 70s 75 all right mm-hmm
you guys were funny okay you guys are
trying to open the cupboard well
essentially yes so you don't need to
make a roll together if both of you do
it together you get it off okay you
will need to make sanity rolls because
the smell that comes out of this thing
is awful and what's in it is even more
awful there are bodies in various states
of being chewed upon you made it so you
each lose whoo-whoo three Santa's good
lord he's there and okay so three sanity
that was the max you could lose there so
you like pull the top off and there is a
way to live looking ahead decapitated
head with like bite marks all around the
neck that is just staring up at you
I don't shriek but it's close and and
nice this well has like you know a lot
of a lot of body parts in it ha both you
make me con roles too but that's odd hmm
that's right we get my ass kicked
no holy crap I made it you're a little
green around the gills yeah yeah this is
not your eye I got a hard success on
that one okay that was 770 on 70 you
I know I can wave I can't discuss 1,500
bit Wow well that is what
bow to Christian Ray Williams excellent
excellent
don't careless beads on top you guys
have a lot of that more to you using
them for now - you so did you do what
happened to Emma so you saw her raised
with 9 pan and then you heard the noise
and Emma like who falls forward onto the
couch she's not unconscious because she
made the convoy but she like is lying
like sort of head down on the couch like
shaking her head I am going to try and
tourniquet my leg come on
you Jam like lid for the man it's way
way not all right so you're gonna do it
well let me rephrase that I'm gonna make
you an offer
oh boy don't make it can I inspire that
instead did you pull a name it's
critical foam balls I used a razor wire
you know he's doing it in less time his
advanced metrics are off the charts you
should try another Saturday something
like so between us today all right so
you you go to tourniquet it yeah you
wrong and you recognize and as you're
tying it it slips down and hits the
needle make me a con roll okay 120
damage okay mm-hmm I missed the cutoff
all right there is another snow you know
what I'm gonna spend for luck
Oh
Wow guys you could also inspired it's
character not an NPC I'm just gonna all
right so yeah you tourniquet and before
you can like get it fully tight in it
just slides down and jams up against the
needle and there is another like cowl of
paint you outside
you hear the feeling I need to go oh we
do we hear this downstairs okay no
control requirement how many points 100
that's nothing you see I know good sex
life I'm so glad you did
alright that was 70 60s 50s oh dear 40s
yes
40 I close the chairs click alright yeah
you brought your gun make sure you get
up you like throw the door open cuz it
have been closed
ooh make me a luck roll oh oh that's why
you don't spend like made it
alright the door is not locked think
I've gone I was hard actually you throw
the door hard successes and then you the
doors open like my heart says so you
come running up and you see a nice old
mrs. Shipley with a frying pan and chaos
in front of her and you see he has a
knitting needle embedded in his legs and
and is bleeding profusely I said drop
the frying pan alright oh and make a
listen roll okay made it okay critical
main critical okay then make me an
critical success on our top skills and
yang
so nice old mrs. Shipley is speaking
a language that is not human and is
chanting in a way that seems to you to
speak to ritual magic
oh that's it I just started holding on
her head
yeah you made it you got a heart success
in the look role so yeah you can take a
[Music]
poopy I missed em how much did you miss
it by oh jeez like 40 all right so
you just got brained with a frog and now
how much damage by Max damn oh eight
yeah I'm down to one hit point all right
we've all been like in our own rooms
killer
so you gunshot and there's like a
spattering of blood on that done that
window that window your where'd I get
hit well so I'm gonna that's okay did
you get hit in the arm or the leg I have
no idea cuz you're like so I just you
know it's your choice
either way something great gonna happen
we understand you've been there I don't
know I'm gonna need extras love you
let's go alright so much of your left
arm yeah and so you see against the
window things are happening in looks
damaged my gosh yeah we've got to do it
we'll do it we'll do a lot opening on
air it'll be excitement mm all right so
it's I think it's you now so those
points have changed a lot of your issues
I wasn't your lady in the face but not
anymore I would say I don't have first
date but I'm gonna try it
all right so like sort of like like yeah
I mean I know to tourniquet my
understand you have a base it's 25 I
believe or is it 30 Oh 30 sure yeah 90
100 trying to okay he's dying today
your wait a minute real quick if I
decided to inspire it or not what
happens it's not like that other game
where if you keep missing your con roles
or whatever you die or how does that
work so you're at one hit point there a
hit points you're gonna go unconscious
and then yeah it's gonna be con roles
okay but I'll get there something
actually has to happen that's right like
do I just bleed out no no you're gonna
and and
you don't if you just get to zero or and
then something happens then it's just
normal conrol but if you go down from
that again then it becomes a hard conrol
okay it's it's kind of hard to die okay
just wait dance anything you know kids
at home and know the rules know that I'm
mixing in some pulp cthulhu witness and
humans are shockingly hard to kill him
sometimes they're doing my job for me
I'm here like yeah I'm just gonna hold
for inspiration cuz things always go
much so you're not gonna use the
inspiration no because it would be hard
to roll worse than that yeah but it
could also highly possible I mean given
that you're apparently your idea of a
first date and your team is putting a
we're gonna give these away next day
it's no fun they are snow blind edition
cents limited edition you collectors out
there 30 to life out of 1,000 Wow only a
thousand of those were made and how many
of those thousand have been touched by a
me but hey on the plus side for the
other game these guys'll be crazy right
yeah here's how it's gonna work yet
somebody starts with those dice as soon
as they were all either a fumble or a
critical success they move on alright so
everybody at the table is gonna get
prize a you great idea oh man all right
uh so you're just gonna you try it first
I feel like I'm all in inspiration and a
half I know I mean you could inspire
that first night roll em is if I don't
do it I'm gonna end up cutting off my
own arm I feel like that's like you know
ability I'm in favor of inspiring it's
an arm if it's the one Zirin
I say Glenn ergo arms are important man
is it my left arm yes sure
ethic
versatility me on these all right it's
not still prices back so you like you're
essentially now like you're her folded
into part of the couch just like holding
your arm how much are they going
she has a gun yeah how much of the couch
is now full of blood boys this couch is
ruined exactly how a normal person would
react to getting shot in the arm that
was 40 so it's you two 30 30 not me
yeah I have the lowest I'm gonna run
into the house and pull my 30 hey
alright so you wanted the house and
there's just chaos you see so you're in
a hallway and in there are two rooms you
can see from the hallway the living room
where you see a nice old lady with a
frying pan seems to be hissing somehow
and you also see professor Aldrich with
a smoking gun like pointing into the
into the living room from the kitchen
huh and she is standing at a stairway
down down girl I point it at the old
nice old lady and I named her head oh
and I pull the trigger right so if you
want to take an aimed shot I will say
that if you make a hard success you will
do extra damage okay but if you miss
there's a chance something bad will
happen this is essentially a push roll
if you want to do a name shot okay I
will alright I got three of the limbs
nope would you roll it 79 speaking of
bad things to inspire gave us
inspiration hey for the DM oh I think
you did and I went into the boy it was
you not trigger the stuff but yeah so
expert I have one thank you
I agree same Saturday night well it's
not a Navy fire with it Spellman thanks
yeah Rick sir creature creature preacher
creaks earth creature only to not
krieger creature X no when I see an X
instead of the season Oh Holly's right
that's that that sounds like something
that the old nice old lady saying
everything C is replaced with an ax so
so there's a swimming pool of blood
there's a lot of light and so much class
welcome YouTube so yeah that was all
right my Mary we're fine on an 80
you're still downstairs right okay Donna
on a bunt in the 30s like miles sort of
goes mother they turn and look at the
boy here's like the screams and the
gunshots and everything has this
happened before
is my mother okay I'm sure she's fine
I didn't hear her scream I'm sure she's
fine this she is she's perfectly fine
she hasn't been touched all right I'll
explain when we reconvene I'll survive
all right I won an 80 she how is she
like ninety and dexterous she's a lizard
person yeah you're like this might be a
borrowed skin on a 90 she barks out the
last awful syllables of whatever she was
and we still have those protection
amulets it I mean do you actually it's a
good question they'd be a lot better now
well maybe not I don't know you I
mean do you because she didn't make them
for us for you but I also know that in
quantity can find that magic so do you
wipe if you want to have them on all you
have to do is tell me you have them on
what was it I can't remember bells made
protection amulets during the New Moon
that she used infused with her power but
her power it appears is easily traceable
my the bad guys okay so maybe you just
threw them in the water does it go with
my outfit me a lot role okay mine
ventually slipped off of my so into the
ocean we heard that in quantity could
Tracy with them gotcha yes I probably
was I made the luck roll it was hidden
in a knot back up hotel more primer just
random hotel all right so I do have
it in my coat pocket but I'm not wearing
it officially okay's on my prisoner both
of you make me luck rolls thanks the two
people who seem to have actually tried
to hurt her come early so you both
made it yes oh man so you made it by two
what do you make it by 29 out of 40
okay ish 130 so if she finishes the
sentence these these syllables and she
looks at you and she like recognizes
something in you oh boy and you
and make me a power rule Oh critical
success I made a heart success and I was
all excited okay I'm not gonna use I'm
not critical
so there is a you clearly see this but
there's almost like a ripple that runs
through Belle's like you know if I'm
doing the worm and you you feel like
your ears pop like this pressure change
all of a sudden but then it passes and
like the old lady like gives you a look
my that was 80 70s we'll go home 75 we
started yea seven are strong cuz you're
70 right yes okay making sure I'm not
skipping someone's turn I'm gonna give
it give the boy a really hard look and
screaming my mother getting shot no fair
enough and I'm gonna go upstairs I'm
like peek over the edge just there just
to try and get a look at what's going on
she's still standing in the doorway hmm
poke her in the ankle her done her gun
octavia what happened mother is a
creature she's casting spells oh bloody
hell
all right maybe in a cult role by the
way yep
all right in critical success so about a
five you oh man you rolled a five okay
um she was you you feel like you
recognize some of those syllables from a
book you read once and it seems like she
was casting a spell called withering oh
that yeah I mean yeah pretty much all
there the name says she's casting a
withering spell all right that was so
are you doing anything you tears I'm
gonna come out I'm gonna have as far up
as yeah she'll let you by
cool then I would like to make an entire
let's make a knife attack on the scary
old lady okay so you know people are
shooting at her yep okay if I can flick
her throat and keep her from talking no
more spells get cast all right
are you trying like a cold shot or
something well let's see what your role
here I rolled a 36 out of 60 okay so
that's not quite a hardened 6 no it's
not I'm just I'm so McGee attack you hit
stab do your damage alright
and we have a look I really shouldn't
have to look anymore you know so it's a
long time it is a three total alright so
when you stabbed her um
you hear like she's wearing armor or
something you stabbed her you hero like
tink
yeah like tip my head and listen to that
for a second and can I can it can I get
away can I disengage in and I pull back
a Stamper to make me a dex roll
you're an assassin this is your oh yes
critical success yeah all right yeah you
just like skirt income okay and then you
like you dodged back so yeah there's no
chance anybody unless they were really
bad if they were really badly I'm just
hitting the dirt right 70 before I go
and 17 no vocals has no vocals 15
hundred bits to us or to the deal all to
us maybe some volcán I'll just one right
now bloody needle holy arm what you
gonna do lizard lady you're now not sure
what's blood on you with yours and what
if Emma's oh gosh okay so hopefully she
didn't have hepatitis so well here's
like war yeah here's the thing I am
pulling the kneading it a lot
oh yeah and I am going to stab the
matter with it
all right maybe a con roll dice 91 oh
that is not a fumble there we go hard
success oh nice alright so so yeah
the tourniquet really helps
somehow because you've lost most of the
feeling in your life
yeah so you're just like make a knife
role which is unarmed yeah let's fight
yeah fight brawl sure okay III right
especially right in fighting knife which
I should check know what role anyone
right so you Renee yeah so she is sort
of you know
the living room is is about the size of
kind of it's a little bigger than this
table so you're sitting here and you
just you start to you you start to get
up to like reach to stab her and
your leg says don't get up right mm and
so you can stay seated you didn't fumble
so you don't fall flat on your face but
you're like no yeah I'll just stamp like
I always do doesn't work and like you're
starting it a little like little
swimming pins and needles pinches 30 60s
50s 40s yes oh yeah so we'll go this way
yeah so for me I'm just gonna get up and
leave the house I'm trail of blood trail
it's all right so ever
just like I'm waiting for the ambulance
out I'm like holding her arm starts to
like I've been like starts to like duck
and like run out of the house I'm going
to meet the ambulance I'm the only one
hurt notice the trail of blood like
leading out of the house now well I
found your old blood magic days are
really good gonna use it now what are
you guys so if she's still in range I'm
gonna attempt to position myself so that
I can at least get her down you know
like maybe yeah I'll just trying to
think should I just go to shoot her or
cold shot damage is good I think you
should tackle her
that's my drug look at her I love your
terrible ideas suppose I could grab her
house her grapples go come on she's like
80 she's yeah yeah my brawling is okay I
guess we could do a brawl all right so
what do you what are you trying to do
just trying to grapple her around
perfect makeup make a brawl role
critical success go to five nice all
right so they are kind to join us
the otherwise bad dad
he sayshe me - a man I will put you on
them shame so she had been paying
attention to Jezebel and like had
reached out to like do something with
spell you come up behind her and like
put her and like some sort of wrestling
hold that like has her arms up and she
drops the front you got a critical she
drops the frying-pan
you are surprised at how strong she is
but you you have a lot you have
surprised and so you got leverage and so
you ever like your hands behind her head
and you've like pinned her arms for now
so she is pinned
no vocals 500 bits to the dl been
upgraded backup vocals I bring the dad
jokes
okay that was 40s you're calling out
you're going up 30 thirties oh boy I
forgot to ask what does the rack spell
do you think you forgot to ask yeah oh
great whatever it does right now oh
I made it okay so there's a box in your
character she called magic points up
here oh yeah and you're gonna lose five
magic points
okay you're also gonna lose oh this is
awesome
I don't like that sound you're gonna
lose six sanity as you speak you speak
phrases that the human tongue was not
meant to stay okay of everybody that is
in there so everyone except Emma make a
listen roll 69 actually a shake hard six
oh man alright so not only do you hear
you understand a little bit like the
thrumming of your blood as it slowly
going out there's like some rushing in
your ears you hear you're like you've
got her in a hold and you start hearing
very similar awful phrases and you're
like is she doing it again and then you
look up and you see that it's Jezebel
that is uttering those phrases making
her mouth is making shapes that a human
mouth shouldn't make to utter these
these symbols make a sand roll okay I
have a question of reasons made it but
for are you okay with her doing that
with what you know about a cult and that
sort of thing not exactly okay I'm
asking that for my own information I
would think that you're doing it for a
specific reason but considering
everything is going going on I probably
don't even know what the spell is so
right okay so you made the power rule
unless you shut out of nowhere all right
so so you made that sand rule so you're
not gonna lose anything for that but now
it's gonna get worse so you like point
at though the old woman whose name you
don't even know
um and you like you say the last
syllable and I'll just immediately
pustules start to form on her skin and
she starts screaming in this inhuman
hissing awful scream and she's just in
in pain just think constant pain and
this is she keeps she it's not getting
any better she's just like one long
protracted scream I'm just gonna hold
her and nothing her it's really gross
because she has esters and pustules and
all right make a sandwich
Oh gonna be a tough chick right now and
I made it alright you lose to sanity so
you lost six sanity normally that would
be a temporary insanity so normally that
would be fight flight or fight flight or
freeze and but I saw your reaction and
so that's your insanity this you like
this yeah like this the great part about
this spell is it's hurting her yeah you
don't care what else is doing like she's
sure I incapacitated her but I hurt her
I inflicted pain mm-hm and I liked it
mm-hmm
do I see this on her oh yeah you can see
the smile there is a not so vigorous
it's not subtle so the old lady you are
holding on to her it's it's super gross
and the old lady starts screaming and
that she'll keep saying that for miles
like crawls up the steps I don't know
and he looks out he's like mother get
him downstairs and Joseph Oh what are
you doing so there's gonna be an
so you're just like outside yeah I'm
just like you see a neighbor like the
the mother is now just screaming okay so
you have the ability you know that you
have the ability to turn this off you
don't want to I'm not going to so like
Jezebel is doing this oh and just like
looking at her and the woman is just
like scrunched scrunched up and she's
screaming you to make me sanity rolls
for watching this you've already made
your nine out of thirty eight one one I
want it
can I inspire you can't inspire soon
yeah all right you each lose one
point God's this is not a pleasant fight
for me for me she gains as much nobody's
gaining sanity from this so but it is
clear to all of you that she is not only
doing this but she keeps doing it okay
and the old woman is incomparably okay
she's but she's still screaming oh yes
and like her skin is like breaking out
and pushed the pustules and then like
they'll go away and more will come out
it's just waves of agony she there are
way I can pinch off her her her veins on
either side to knock her out cuz I
like in this old can I just like so I'll
ask you a question miss she human I
don't think so well this is one way to
find out I guess maybe that's what ya
offer me I mean I'd accept first aid I'd
accept fighting
what do you think the role should be I
think Brawl because it's a strengths and
kind of like mm dexterous thing she is
not resisting at all and that's a hard
success all right live Wow okay so so
yeah you put her in some sort of sleeper
hold or so yeah and you got a heart
success she just collapses okay and that
seemed that breaks the spell okay when
she goes unconscious and you're just
but you were in your happy place and
you're a you're totally aware of it okay
all right so you and you all hear the
ringing Bell of an ambulance approaching
Wow gods and miles is like my house is
like crawling I'm turning her around
looking at her and and like look [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
trying to do the whole like doctor check
her out she appears in every way human
to you this is so odd maybe a little
heavy right when does she have any weird
marks on her other than that she's got
I'm just probably I'm like I don't know
what it is never mind I did I did stab
it and I hit some sort of resistance
under her clothing check for that I'm
going to get a boy out of here okay I
know where are you taking mom just back
down goodness back down to the base of
income I said do you have a knife would
you say did you have a nice bottle I
just give her a look miles has a
reaction compat wait why are you just
stab my mom no what did what do you need
a knife for because there's other things
in this house
now go I pull it I give her a look and
pull out a pocketknife and hand it to
are you gonna body miles down yeah okay
so like this and just like wrap my arms
everything fighting through oh this is
not gonna be confirmational eight it's
what you say I can't use my in Smith huh
so you are currently in a date taunt of
a slap fight but it is sad and emaciated
put over your shoulder like a sack of
potatoes and walk downstairs and might
as I close that close the door behind me
okay
luckily the ambulance is gonna be
delayed a little bit because people that
take care of not you doing are you just
standing in the door what do you I'm
gonna put my gun away and I'm just gonna
chill all right yeah you find out
there's a cup of tea there you just sit
down you like sitting in the kitchen
just like you're having a cup of tea I
wouldn't sit on the couch I don't know
okay what are you gonna do like Jezebel
just watching you brandish a knife at
her and she's like I'm trying to leave
you're trying to leave crawl out it and
make a power roll Jezebel to you for
recommending all right recommending
vivisection technique critical is
exactly all right yeah you well you can
choose either you resist the urge to
like tell her where she should stab the
thing for the best effect or you tell
her where she should because she is now
standing over this woman with a knife
I'll tell her where to stab it for best
effect all right so she starts
suggesting to you the best cuts of meat
[Music]
do you know what she is I do I you don't
care I mean this is quite unusual that
not your average spell-casting yeah and
she was attacking you guys so you know
look I might want to just kill the Beast
that was hurting you don't lay the
problem with us right now though it
starts mumbling something about in the
powers of light may they forgive me for
what I'm about to do release your soul
and I'm wherever like her neck or
whatever Eve where do you say to stammer
where's the best place to kill her to
kill her quickly
I mean well for a for a person it would
be either the throat or the heart it
would be the two so she surrendered
right in all this pain and she's
incapacitated so you're having some
moral well I don't know are you having
some moral qualms about this I am
because she's a creature but I don't
know if she's like one of the bird
parrot things or she's like some other
version of it I don't know if she's
curable that's the problem but I do know
that if we don't stop her she'll just
keep doing what she's been doing exactly
so just kill the thing so she doesn't
this is not how they talk in the 20s I
yeah well I don't feel like we can have
20 flying yeah you're the bee's knees
doll oh yes you're good yeah ha ha the
casual misogyny it comes back every now
and again an OD indie games we will
occasionally dip into the characters
Richard wonderful all things considered
I looked down the hallway I hear the
sirens I look at her I just go with my
gut instinct
and okay oh I'm a little proud right now
um sure yeah you can end her life no
problem I kind of look in her mouth to
see if there's any signing sign of it
you know there's the scarring on her no
there's no sort of car serie or anything
like I look at her wrists or look it
no harmonica no well I mean now there's
oh I mean now throat is open and she
seems to be bleeding red I'm gonna
make you an offer and that offer is do
you think this costs you a SAN role yes
well then make me a Sandra I mean it all
right
sixty-five you lose to sanity and and
the enormity of you know what is to you
apparently despite you know you have the
weird dichotomy in your head of this was
some sort of beast but it was also it
looks like a person did I just kill a
person I don't yeah and an ambulance
pulls up okay and two orderlies get out
and have you been shot yes I've been
shot take me to the hospital I get in
slam the door I've been shot like they
both like duck down I've already like
I'm on the back in the bed like wrapping
myself up like Drott like hitting
anything Drive what orderlies is blowing
on a whistle okay shoot and the other
one is like ducking down and like okay
and I'm just yelling what are you two
doing get in here we're going to the
hospital now is this is the gunman still
here
is there anywhere else that requires
medical attention
no you're just like everybody but what's
a trail of blood yeah that's me and me
did this to you old lady in there oh
shoot you who cares why didn't she shoot
don't get them to the hospital up the
bed slam the back of the ambulance door
I love that you guys just admitted
yourselves all right so yeah the
ambulance will take off and orderly
is like staring in the door and you're
just sitting there like drinking a tea
and you have a dead woman in your lap
yeah oh my god one of these the orderly
doesn't like it just looks in he should
have gotten in the ambulance let's go so
it was like told you so there's like an
you have so you three are I'm downstairs
with went with my life both with the
basement door glass is like miles just
keeps asking you where I need to see my
mother
so you remember all of the things that
you saw when when when you go into the
paintings
this isn't storytime I need to see my
mother your mother was one of those
things she's my mother
things from those worlds can take over
people I've seen it happen several times
before so she you're saying she stopped
being my mother yes well person I just
met thank you for that information
person that you let me see my mother's
and that you just met who has seen this
before and lost a great deal to it as
well let me see my mother why did you
I'm picking up the body okay and I'm
going out towards the orderly and I'm
saying the orderly packing up like I
said you you need to do something with
her because there's a young man in there
that is going to be shocked when he sees
his mother what happened to her she went
ballistic crazy and she attacked an
officer and the other private
investigator and myself make me a luck
role see if that gun is still around I
mean it all right you managed to put
your gun away
thank goodness so you're like this this
snaps the orderly sort of back into and
he like he like takes the woman and he
starts like checking her and and her
throat was slit that's correct
but like well make a first April oh wow
she didn't struggle oh my god no he
um I think nobody should leave this
place please don't hurt me like I hurt
you that's that's why I chose another
leg I'm part of it a private
investigation team that is here
following up on a case this particular
woman was infected with something look
at the boils on her skin she has lost
control
she's infectious and so in order to
prevent her from possibly hurting
anybody else more we need to get her
body quarantined and out of here I'm
gonna give you a choice mmm you can make
a persuade you can make a medicine
because you're like trying to sort of
blather him or you can make a fast talk
okay
mmm and persuade okay no but I didn't
critically fail it okay do you want to
do an excel it thank you leave in
another country yes right so you have
you have diffused you know talking about
that stuff has managed to defuse it
yeah he got too good a role on his first
aid so the whole she didn't fight back
thing has him really worried so he and
when you said she's infectious he won't
touch the woman now but he he won't like
he's just like no we should just not
leave the police will be here soon
hmm Kent Kent don't you have something
to cover her up and get her out of here
I mean like a bag or something sir I
mean somebody okay alright
Jezebel might be the main villain of
this module becoming more and more
apparent alright yeah so you you lay
a sheet over her and when you come
forward the orderly is like backing away
a little further because like you're
just like you've got this smile on your
face the whole time of just like you
there's nowhere I'd rather be than in
this blood-soaked house right now it's
beautiful the color red he hasn't
seen it no he doesn't he doesn't see it
yet okay so you hear the whistles of
the that are sort of the unfortunately
suburban London does not have police
call boxes so the police blow whistles
is there to like say come near and he a
I love this mental image and he comes
off and the orderly says stay here and
he goes up over to talk to the policeman
let's get out of here all right dear I
am still downstairs so it's you - yeah
let's get out of here
Alexandra is downstairs let's go grab
her and let's go
is there a back door to this place yeah
great let's go back to this is these
are row houses so like there's a small
backyard that would essentially butt up
to the backyard of the next house
there's kind of just rows of backyard
it's all connected together do you know
how to hop the fence with like little
hedge there hedges so it's easy yes of
course I do but I say in Spanish because
I know you know a little Spanish from
Peru time to go on de l'école she
want to give myself a quote for I could
probably say it in Italian
mmm yes sure yeah if close enough in
Spanish you know she's like she says
it's time to go
I like glanced up I just want to see my
mother
all right if you like alright so but I'm
gonna like pause and look him and say
you're not insane or at least not more
so than the average human you're just
seeing more than what the average human
we're we're an investigation team that
specializes in this sort of thing is my
mom okay I don't know he's gonna like go
upstairs yeah and I'm and I'm gonna
follow him upstairs and just like when
he sees you two he gets a little
panicked and and then he sees the sheet
yeah and he lets out just a tortured
wail which the Bobby hears so if you're
gonna leave so if you stick around
you're gonna need to deal with the
police I'm walking downstairs already to
the back door I'm out all right yeah
just about just turns around and heads
but yeah I I'm kind of nodding to you
going I'm gonna glance around and make
sure I haven't left any of my knives
behind this time I am I'm not making
that mistake again
nope you've got everything you need
excellently through anything
fantastic you remembered to put your gun
away so so yeah you guys can I'm so it's
a it's a little bit of a tense sort of
cat-and-mouse game as there are whistles
going off mm-hmm but none of you mm-hmm
make me a luck roll see how covered in
blood you are critical success I rolled
an eight I don't know how you slit
somebody's through had clothes on
yeah usually yeah you just got rid of
the glitz somehow you slit somebody's
throat and like there's a few dots that
it would be almost impossible for
anybody to see and as a reward I called
out my hand for my pocket knife thank
you
all right so this is gonna get
uncomfortable for you so you're taken to
a local hospital and you immediately
each get three hit points back okay yeah
first aid that is done on the spot by
professionals by the National Health
Service and wait three months for it
let's not start this yeah you have NHS
back then because it was post World War
two I know they did exactly well they
had NHS but it wasn't national still
we're also in London yeah well you're in
a suburb but yeah so you you know at the
hospital they want to keep you for days
okay I want a new hat oh and hook no
there's no like they they're pretty sure
that if they can just patch it up it's
just gonna take time okay and you know
but they're they're like you've lost a
great deal of blood and you appear to
have been really badly stabbed and
really badly shot and you have a
concussion we believe indeed so yeah
yeah it was crazy lady attacked me with
a frying pan stabbed him in the leg shot
me in the arm all right so where are you
so are we closer to my flat or hers
whichever you prefer
alright I'm going to suggest that we
beat a tactical retreat back to my flat
and be out of the way for a little while
because they're going to be looking and
the kid got a really good look at all of
us
I don't remember did we give it did we
give them mine he's a painter yeah got a
really good look at us and you didn't
where did you come from I'll tell you
later
it's a long story because last I knew
anything you were you were unconscious
in your bed yeah it's a long story
fair enough fair about it probably
you did in a short time I did I let some
I'm sure she'll explain it at some
points so let's but the boys a painter
and a very detailed one and he saw all
of us well I don't see anything wrong
with going to a local hospital to check
on our friends which local hospital he
do you think you can find which one um
hmm you two have been in scrapes before
make me intelligence rolls yeah
69 again the show hard success it's
just a success for me it's going to the
hospital like if you're gonna go to the
hospital you need to go fast because
that's where the cops are gonna go right
I'm going to suggest that we stay away
from the hospital actually but if we're
a private investigator team that make
our stories home together if we if we
show up at the hospital asking for
people who have been burnt or been
stabbed and shot the cops the bobbies
are going to be coming a great deal
no more than the base anybody that has
you can roll it roll I know it all right
lucky dice come on here right yeah no
uh-huh okay yeah so we know that the
nurse is gonna call the cops yeah no I
strongly suggest that we stay away
they're also gonna be some questions
about the firearms yeah yeah yeah
exactly I strongly suggest that abetting
that we stay away and I'm blame it on
the old lady she's got evidence was one
involved emma has my number
are me Emmett rather and I may have it
has my address she knows how to find it
yeah you could send a telegram okay
ordered the the mail services bullet the
cinemas arm is mine and as long as
you're gonna lose I thought it was a
through-and-through what a bullets
probably in the house yeah the bullet is
in the house my gun isn't anywhere near
it so I'm gonna you don't even need to
make a Laurel ballistic science was not
in the 20 yeah not to the point where
they could trace hands - hmm I think it
is a bad idea to give them more targets
to look at in my opinion all right hmm
I suggest go into your apartment then
all right I how are you gonna deal with
a painter I don't know who can paint all
of our faces but it doesn't have any of
our names and there's a wanted there's a
lot of you standing on a bridge with
water lilies rhythm I mean is he a good
trainer he's an excellent Pater oh great
mm-hmm
he only paints creepy stuff though well
we're already pretty creepy at this
point and he paints things that he
sees that are not of this world or at
least not at this time
that's fine later hmm curiouser and
curiouser exclaimed Alice alright so um
you to stay overnight in the hospital
yeah
the next day there is are we is there
any place close that I can talk to him
and get our story straight for the
purposes of dramatic effect you're put
in the same room okay
[Laughter]
oh the romantic tension is wrong
attention to jump out the window and
Freddy's o52 so I'm making it's just a
regular one nice all right well about
you've been in the hospital like you've
just gotten your first date done yeah
they put you in a room and when they put
you in a room you notice that there's
always someone standing at the door
mm-hmm
okay and they're played the close
individual yeah are they what do they
look like to me do they look like
somebody in the hospital or they look
like security for they look like
somebody from the hospital okay but but
also security okay and just like a
hospital the doors typically open unless
you shut it that's right okay
he doesn't the person he doesn't appear
to be listening or anything like that
he's just like you know somebody said
don't let anybody leave and not letting
anybody okay which is fine I really you
know so I roll up to you and slide
over the back wheel chair oh you can't
really walk you can walk so so far
I've been telling everybody that the old
lady did it sounds good to me so and so
I cannot dream well I kind of forgot did
she stab you or did you say ooh I don't
even remember anymore
what
does anyone needs to know she stabbed me
okay paintings and she went crazy
stabbed you hit me with a frying pan
tried to drug you with tea I don't know
about that but sure my dream okay I'm
strong you stick with that story I'm
making I don't know can they do trace
elements or whatever they can drink the
teen get drunk them sounds like a party
she she drugged the tea and then trying
to kill us
okay I would pay money to watch that I'm
not you can stick with the tea thing I
don't know anything about the tea all I
know is then I got it then I heard
gunshot like it hurt and I just crawled
outside and I was done why did we call
the ambulance I don't remember what
happened there I'm having survivor
amnesia let's try this again I love this
she called the ambulance though because
the lady who I was yelling call an
ambulance and serum you scream in the
background call an ambulance knows it
was a me who called the ambulance
whatever that ladies would name was that
made perfect sense we're totally on
morphine Jimmy stamped myself
[Laughter]
she stabbed me felt remorseful call the
ambulance
herself
[Laughter]
I forgot what did you just say what
happened there's something about Unruh
more sick I was stabbed let's just say I
was stabbed
Wow
I demand an ambulance we called the
ambulance she wasn't really oh here's
here's the thing she wasn't really
calling the hospital area yeah she was
like talking some gibberish with the
lady on the phone I just grabbed it and
said Jim Anderson ambulance I think that
bone back pretended to call the
ambulance I called the ambulance then
yes yet and then I hung up the phone
they don't have call recording here do
they no but that leaving on the other
end of the phone could hear me screaming
call an ambulance call an ambulance
well she was chit-chatting about how's
the weather and whatnot right okay we
got my voice we got er no choice no
choice you've got choices a semi witness
okay so all right so nobody's gonna come
see you for a day which is fine yeah
you've more Singh I'm thinking there's a
chocolate chicken of game Baltimore so
[Laughter]
you three are at her house and they all
forty-one okay would you roll 92 can I
can I inspire like if I missed it by
like three I mean does matter how much
you miss but she made it you're good
yeah okay
holy moly what do you mean Megan no prob
okay you don't need to waste your yeah I
got a pretty one on so here you have
I mean you don't have a lot a lot of
contacts here but you've got
I mean maybe Mahoney could help you some
with at least figuring out what hospital
they're at or you know getting you
access to them maybe he couldn't get
your press badges who knows but and then
the other one is you in that in that
story about the
the Egyptian murders there was an
inspector at Scotland Yard inspector
Barrington Harrington and so you know
that that's the other thought you have
this looked like to people that maybe
you could talk to you about this so what
do you think um
the Mahoney and Inspector Brereton
pardon me one other thing you made the
intelligence rule tomorrow Wednesday you
have an appointment with the Penghu
foundation yes she somehow didn't get
blood I don't know who the assassin is
here she slipped somebody's throat
little impressed with it I'm just like
you did he do that with a pocket knife
yeah not bad I've used sparkling light
more than any other knife but then a
pocket knife was the right choice to
how did you know no I'm just very good
at my job so it's about by the time you
get to her house hmm
it's five o'clock in the evening so what
do you think we have Mahoney and
Lieutenant Barrington who I'm sure would
be happy to help I'm not confident that
going to the police and what would we
say to the police at this point just
didn't use the word unremorseful
for some reason I'm thinking we should
use the word unremarked
is that a word it is now yes English
does allow for such adaptations but
anyways English it's my language looked
about Mahoney may be the better option
because this has all of the earmarks of
a penny dreadful he would love us it
does
um well shall we get a message out to
him see if we can definitely reach out
to him uh-huh you know where his office
is so you could also just go to his
office I am not fond of the idea of
giving people my address unless I
absolutely must
hmm understood yeah it's always a better
idea to go to them they're learning I'm
slow but I learned eventually we can be
taught the we also have the appointment
tomorrow with the Pitt Youth Foundation
yes I would thought I would like to have
them with us when that happens but it
seems unlikely that that will be the
case ready to go to Egypt sir oh we
don't need glitz this so I think that we
should go and talk to Mahoney what do
you think I'll go along with that hmm
what do you think Octavia I'm not sure
we should be casting spells of that
magnitude you cast a spell I'm gonna do
it and we're good to learn a few new
tricks
yeah before we go anywhere I'd like to
know how you got to where you were in
such a short period of time I mean did
you really know my skills before I had a
pretty good idea are you sure mm-hmm
I do have tricks up my sleeve and I have
you know revealed all of my magic to you
or anyone really
and that's fair everyone has their
secrets yeah you are seeming a little
darker
I'm very perceptive remember I mean I am
Indian so I teach oh my god I teach holy
brilliant did you get a 10 it seems even
for you a little darker than normal I
mean you guys were in a very dire
situation so I had to pull out you know
one of the darker spells to get you out
but it was along the same lines as what
she was doing but you're alive aren't
you would you rather have me not do it
and have all of you dead honored to be
on your list of short few that you deem
worthy enough to keep alive just see you
didn't want to learn about magic due to
true but there's something a little
unusual about seeing someone skin boil
and another taking pleasure and it
happening I miss all the interesting
things I'm just a little worried who you
know like yes don't know
now just don't go too far deep on the
dark okay if you can help it okay I
think the reason that we're concerned I
like you is because when when you were
doing a seance on the boat do you
remember anything from that you remember
trying to contact Jackson Elias and then
later I woke up in my flat
you were completely possessed by the
dark Pharaoh and he said that you were
very close to being basically under his
control or on his side of things and he
was thanking you for all the things that
you've been doing like every time you do
magic every time you do channeling he
and you do the dark Pharaoh have to do
with my magic Silas Silas and Quan Quan
now you can track you hashtag boy
hashtag boy everyone type yeah not like
that how do they do it twitch these are
not people that don't know how to
tighten spare so he give them a
misspelling a boy no no the dark wire
was indicating that you were within
inches of taking his gift and he was the
one who was gifting maggots and things
like that
so it gives from him or a little suspect
he talked about the five through you his
voice through you took us to an
interesting Vision Quest your visions a
word no we were there I know he it's
like he transported us yeah
he literally removed us all from the
Bell no memory of any evidence mmm we
saw a lot of things he took us around to
a lot of different
and I explained with with Hilton Adams
and with the the mansion and just
everything everything cut yeah this
pyramid with the open sky way and I'm
just like these are all of the things
that we saw that he showed us and we
have no reason to believe that he was
lying and he was thanking us for
continuing his apocalyptic ventures
hastening them even say and that you
were the key to keeping track of us
knowing I was going on that's a little
creepy which is why it's just that's an
interesting word to choose I mean again
I have no memory of that I remember the
boat ride with and trying to contact
Jackson Elias and then I was in my flat
that's it and then I got up and then I
what happened there was a chalice on my
bedside table when I woke up mm-hmm it
said drink me so I did because that's
always the wise place I mean it smelled
good it was really good Mead
oh it was need okay did it have a really
rich aroma to it it had some honey in it
and it was just delicious I need to find
a bottle of that it's soon needed that
can be arranged and I did see the dark
Pharaoh but he didn't come as you
described him before the black obsidian
type thing he was an Egyptian sphinx
with no face did he say he was the dark
was that the dark fairy I believe he was
the dark
I don't know the dark Pharaoh's always
made himself black obsidian in color and
and and proclaimed himself to be I mean
honestly I don't remember any
conversation we had if we had one and
then I was transported in front of a
house and then I saw the Emma being
bludgeoned in the head with a frying pan
just so we're clear it are you
intentionally concealing the yeah okay
okay yeah both you can make psychology
rules and you can either make persuade
or mass talk whichever has been all to
seven and in case anybody that says Oh a
lot of inspiration coming through so I
don't 800 bits from the Hefner you gotta
get somebody to agree no vocals another
I saw your comment in the chat about
about the tall halfling no it's not
would anyone like to back up oh yes yes
[Applause]
did you believe you won't have a word
set against her you rolled a two yeah
yeah alright so you're even so I mean
she seems to be telling the truth
maybe she's leaving some stuff out but
she seems to be telling the truth also
does she have to pass the dice because I
was like oh yeah all right we're gonna
go to break okay and we will be back
it's 8:20 we will be back in before 8:30
that is my promise to you in the
I can be alive for those of you who cuz
that's short for book yeah book of
inspiration and yeah for them alright
everybody thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
it's not my fault
I was here at 8:30 on the record all
right so when we went to break
everything had fallen apart gloriously
for those of you just joining poops
everything fell apart the table is in
the hospital under police guard this
half of the table not not care but I
mean I would not want the police to give
me care this half of the table is
scheming something and and may be
worried about each other we're not sure
there could be so are you gonna do
anything that evening do we want to go
and talk to I've lost his name Mahoney
thank you I wanted to call in Mullaney
and like no that's the comedian just put
birthday miles away bye forever
hopefully mm-hmm miles is still around
yeah the sooner that he's a painter
the sooner we connect with the police
the better we can wrinkles artists and
we need to do that if we don't
whoever mother was really working for
with is going to come looking I'm sure
do you think that it's the London branch
of the bloody tongue possibly seems most
likely so what do you recommend that we
say to the police
mm-hmm Mahoney specifically well Mahoney
is we have we haven't met the
inspector yet that's correct we can just
blame other guys next door that was my
plan was to blame it on them urban mask
has won what Wow
sign anything what is he gonna get
what's he gonna get what are you gonna
get warranty we have to if he would we
get to pick for him yeah he's getting
the Cthulhu's a bag of jellybeans like
he's gonna get something you know what I
mean five thousand bits unnatural one
that's true has he done for me
he has for cursive straw was like I hate
this town I hate these people I either
want to go home or you know yeah theme
enimies yeah let's go make wine alright
so you're going to to Scotland Yard
you're going to Mahoney what are you I
am not in favor of dealing with the
police but I understand that I'm
slightly biased against dealing with
police I'd be a luck roll Oh missed it
by three oh you're not sure that the
police wouldn't have some questions for
you for me specifically an unrelated
matter
oh I have my reasons for not wanting to
well let's look at this logically oh
good that's a good way to deal with it
nothing more
well thinking like the police that's how
they will look at this so far going on
map thinking we flee the scene we need
to have a good reason for that he's
going to identify us that's also a
logical reasonable deduction right there
we didn't give him my name's doesn't
matter if he we've got names or not if
he tries draws exact portraits of what
we look like it'll be really hard to do
how many people are in London at this
point I mean you weren't a famous opera
singer but not only or I would tell them
to make an intelligent role to know how
many people are know - just like to
logic out the fact that it's like okay
even with the drawings yeah yes are you
gonna figure out who you are it's not
yeah I mean it's yeah it's it'll take
days versus yeah I mean it's it's an
it's a matter of time I mean people do
commit crimes and not get away with it
but you know you'll have but they
usually leave the country we're not
leaving the country now so I mean
there's a world where going to the
police
earlier might you know it's it's
Schrodinger's cat here I'm just going to
the police you know and sort of saying
who we are and that certainly cause
problems or does it sort of alleviate
problems and that'll all depend on the
tack you take or which police or yes the
lieutenant Birmingham I think that our
inspector inspect no inspector
Barrington sorry he he seemed to be
contact that we could trust to perhaps
speaking with him and explaining the
situation you got that from a newspaper
did Jackson know what's his name the
holy Mahoney says he was like a good he
was an inspector who's on the up-and-up
well I believe she's not necessarily the
official term he was you know don't
trust a cop that won't think of right
exactly speaking of bribes hashtag Dec
everyone if you want to win a nerd games
deck Wow
in honor of Warren winning a.m. Wow
is robbed April Fool's man next year
April Fool's falls on Wednesday look
there it is anyway okay I have various
and sundry reasons for not wanting to
speak with the police especially as one
who is not malleable I think is the
right room I want to use here I mean
police inspection on me would just ruin
my business if you if you if you would
like to speak with the police it may be
a excellent course they would just have
a fair number of other questions for me
and I'd like to not deal with that well
they're gonna ask me what I killed her
with and wine all these wonderful things
fortunately you can pick up a
pocketknife pretty much anywhere mm-hmm
why not does disguise ourselves which a
while yeah that's not the worst idea I
mean London is a newsie town to
disappear for a while and you know it
seems like the easiest thing I'm gonna
think for a moment kind of like have a
look at bells and look at and look at
Octavian fit are they about you about me
about my size well you can easily get
out fits that well I mean you've already
got you know you're already wearing some
you know less fancy clothes nice fancy
yes but I have a wardrobe of yeah yeah
so I I will go I think and we'll go
speak to him because I think we need to
have something to connect the story all
right if we don't they're gonna come
knocking on your door probably why
because all's I have to do is identify
you and they'll be able to figure out
where you live
and he can draw all of us but you're not
sure of the time frame of that is a
question yeah yeah if you are willing to
take the risk that there will be enough
time for us to get out of London and I
won't go to the police right now but the
sooner we go to the police the easier it
will be for the story to be bought by
them well when we don't know what story
Emma and and neither do i I mean so you
do feel like finding out where they are
he's probably the battle yep mm-hmm all
right
yes but disguise first before we do that
I agree I agree okay so yeah you you you
know you change up some things you know
you you you know you guys have all right
here we go basically look exactly like
so you look like her yeah you're all
aware like nothing in her nothing is
working out thing at her thing is
working so you can you can get
rudimentary disguises tomorrow by
shopping yeah okay okay oh my god
apparently she doesn't own a single hat
in the 20s I did I don't own a single
have you ever go to church in London I
never know I would catch fire so are you
for doing anything this evening I'd like
to lay low I think laying low is our
best option
okay so I'm not going to speak with
salute ended I think
the ins but I don't think we should
speak with the inspector tonight I think
we need to talk to Emma and I forgot
your McGillicuddy we need to talk to
Emma and McGillicuddy it wasn't gonna be
Dave until the chat of course it has to
be Dave yeah I think it's a good idea
to get our story straight
I agree about Danny Oh Danny Boy
all right so in the morning a man comes
inter myself my back hurt he is
everything about him screams cop and
he's a taller thin man in a in a you
know not great suit he he he comes in
and he introduces himself as Inspector
James Barrington oh I don't like all
right okay you see the itsumo yeah yeah
he won't take a bribe can I say that to
his face I wish you would excuse me oh I
have some questions about the
occurrences at 27 Dame's Elaine last
night yesterday was that where we were I
have no idea was that the painting guy
yes shyffilis yes and Milton the
departed mrs. Shipley yeah that's where
they were oh so uh
visit that house alone did you know we
were there
and was anyone with you yes okay could I
when I ask a question
and you make a pained noise noise I'm
totally sorry I mean that does lead me
to a follow-up question we're gonna put
a pin right in the names who shot the
old lady
so mrs. Shipley yeah sure she had a pan
it was chaos she stabbed me the knitting
needle hit me in the head with a frying
pan know who slit her throat I don't
know I don't know that true no so wait a
minute you said she was dead yes mr.
Shipley is unfortunately departed and
that's how she died her throat was slit
okay
and you don't know anything about my
throat was know so stabbed with the
knitting Neal hit over the head shot
crawled wait somewhere in there we
called an ambulance no no I called the
ambulance after she stabbed me yeah
there is mrs. Shipley's gun I don't know
ask her
oh wait she's dead she she is dead yes
I've informed you of that who killed her
I don't know I don't know so let's go
back to that first question who was with
you in the house
so we went to go look at the paintings
that and we in this case would be so
it's a great day in society
he's a club art do crafts of this
society would be yourselves correct yes
well there are other people this and
their names all Lady Jezebel but she
wasn't there
yeah it's a real name Janna was your
real name inspector number I like to
kill at this point I should make clear
that I'm merely asking these questions
okay to keep you and your lot out of
prison it's possible unless you've
actually committed crimes in which case
then I'm trying to keep you in prison
and I have not committed any crimes use
vacations yes the New York people oh yes
I knew your policeman well a pleasure to
meet you sir I'd like to think that the
fraternity of our order ha ha would lead
to you being a little more forthcoming
at thin blue line in terms of the
questions these are be the membership of
this compassion Great Dane society so
I've seen quick question inspector do
the rules of law apply here like they do
in the United States where you don't
have the right to question me without
legal representation
oh no that is not that is not the case
not inside mother you're rolling wha
right are you going to any questions
idea sir I just I'd feel more
comfortable knowing the law that I have
a lawyer present pearl could assign to
me please well we can arrange a
barrister for you yes but usually in the
UK you don't have legal representation
until you're actually accused on the
crime Blair - damn yeah um
does Dave remember why what article he
was mentioned in I mentioned the pyramid
murders article hmm
what article about the Egypt the
Egyptian murders I'm an Egyptian area
yeah the there were like 14 it was like
a serial killer 14 deaths some mostly
foreigners but a few Western a few
forgot UK citizens it's so inspector so
the Great Dane Society is a private
investigation firm I love Lady mo team
team yeah we're not really a firm we're
not there's no Articles of Incorporation
you're not licensed that is I think what
you'll say I'm fully licensed sir in New
York probably yes okay this is going
swimmingly follow the whole circle you
got to just stay on board you've been
trained to come back you bet I'll take
your word for that
good luck I'm just gonna sip on my jello
for a while take my jell-o cups glasses
any society is you this MS Navarro
correct just spell that correctly with
two R's we have your ID ID so it's no
problem with the spelling pill great and
for
how many other members and their names
and addresses if they live in the UK so
I'm sort of a new member and I don't
necessarily know all of the names I'm
and I and I know this sounds weird but I
don't actually know all of the names
well why don't you give me the ones you
know you've given me Emma Navarro and
late maybe just about the only names you
know and she wasn't there we didn't see
her there was a well one of them is a
professor oh oh how many members are
there surely you know that you're a
policeman five including me six Jackson
Elias a close personal friend of Jackson
Elias so I sort of took the place of
Jackson Elias he was but you can make a
psychology role it doesn't matter if
it's under the peas mister bio-inspired
no when you say Jackson Elan is Lee and
he definitely like he knows that name
right hmm yeah so yeah he was a friend
of ours we have he really got us started
on sort of investigating so he's sorted
some of his theories and I don't think
it was the serial killers murders really
in New York that he was investigating
and became a victim of himself yeah and
that's one of your lot is dead did mr.
Lyons occur as unfortunately passed away
oh gods he's a slow immovable sort of
cop
so so so the the chat helping you Thank
You Jackson he's our day so I so I was
on the force and I was one of the
officers who found arrived on the scene
to see mr. Elias is this prior to your
joining yes the Great Dane Society right
okay so why did you join this club there
are things much in this world that are
unexplainable oh no I'm gonna stop you
right there
because here's what's explainable we've
got a murdered woman whose throat was
slit in her own home you know
we've got someone who's been shot
someone who's been stabbed right and
we've got a a very disturbed young man
who just wants his mother back oh that's
a little man morphing button near me oh
boy what whatever so I mean that's I
mean you you've worked the pyramid
murders right it's an open case with the
so so what the Great Dane Society does
is we we try and solve murders mysteries
well help me solve the murder of mrs.
Bertha Shipley then I don't know what
happened after I left I don't know
either why'd you leave because I was
first an and so mrs. Shipley
correct a woman of quite dexterous for a
woman of whatever you say she was she
was like a woman possessed yeah
possessed is a good term for it it
didn't say 78 yo yo woman yeah sure
anyway and stabbed you stabbed me yes
then we call the ambulance and she
wouldn't call the ambulance oh I had to
take this phone from her operator yeah
why he was mrs. Shipley calling for the
ambulance because she shot you I made
her call her how did you make her call
me I shot you he got stabbed by the
knitting needle then I was like you need
to call an ambulance
she's like him with the meeting you
don't mind let me finish my story mrs.
Shipley stabbed him with the sewing with
the knitting needle is that correct her
knitting needle for sure I feel like
we're getting bogged down on a semantic
point here and I just I'm working like
crazy
Shipman what's with fun knitting me in
the living room
yeah all right and then she called an
ambulance she I made her call the
ambulance I was screaming Collins you
threatened did you threaten her well I
was screaming in hysterical she might
have taken it as a threat call an
ambulance call an ambulance so she's
like all right and then did it Tara my
job
terrible job shoot you I don't know I
don't know you yeah
I hit in the head so I don't know so
hang on let's just back up to this call
because this is an integral part of the
situation I'm pleased yeah thank you I
have the floor
so she's like okay and just sort of like
she's just completely half-asses her way
through this phone call she talks to
some lady named Joyce or whatever
they're chit-chatting after the stabbing
about how's the weather how is that what
else was she yelling him it hit an
artery I was bleeding all over the place
and she's like Oh Joyce you're the best
oh my son's fine blah blah and I'm
screaming call an ambulance call an
ambulance and I had to grab the phone
from her and ask for an ambulance and
they gave her the phone back so they
could finish talking about T or whatever
the hell they were talking about then I
go to sit down and I get hit in the back
of the head with a frying pan well there
was a frying pan found in the living
room no gun found again I was faced out
looking out the window and I have no
idea what happened next thing I know I
got a hole in my arm so that's your
blood on the sofa then and his yeah my
that's both of your lusts so you were
both you were seated on the sofa and she
approached you with a knitting needle
yeah and stabbed you in the leg with it
yes and you loud you tell me but the
drug tea the tea was drugged the tea was
drugged
what a horribly on British thing to do
the bought me one second will you he
steps over in the second floor there's
no place to go
he steps out and he he speaks to a Bobby
we're going to prison
you can both make listen rolls if you
want yeah they're probably going to
prison oh geez that's north yeah I roll
the same thing all right you know what I
might listen sturdy what's your listen
there's everything else 30 see you did
who's feeling lucky look what you did
I'm trying on my dice out of the way
I hate I hate your aunt force no one
from a 62 180 oh that's a name anime
means your second evening today you your
severed salable emotions for the bits
guys money was old he tell he goes and
he tells the bodies neither came the
body I was running off he comes back and
he says we're gonna get some of that tea
come and look at it so I think
everything was kind of hazy after the
tea he was kind of like so you both
drank the tea then yeah yeah I mean I
don't remember I think so I mean why
would I decline oh and she also said
biscuits too good chance yeah I had the
biscuits did you have the biscuits no
and what a biscuits poisoned
I don't know but you sure the tea was
boy I didn't have any other biscuits
check the biscuits too right I'm I'm
tired now I'm totally tired exhausted
I'm killing me officer right as a
professional copper one to another
yeah I mean bed I've got the covers up
to here I'm over it
I don't feel like you've been
particularly helpful okay
yeah thank you okay and I'm really
looking for a reason not to keep you
under custody that's fine
I got stuff to do maybe I used to double
negative there I am seeking information
from you both that will make me not want
to keep you under police guard I mean
the foods are bad I'm gonna term you
right now is uncooperative witnesses
yeah
so we want I suppose you should talk to
my mother and
I'm already consistent with my behavior
[Laughter]
Cheers
so so full disclosure
um hey I don't actually know all of the
names of the Great Dane Society
is that is that written is that really
true no do I need to make a make on the
boat with us Wade this is one of those
things that I should have added points
to and I yeah that's a hard fail catch
it up man
anything you can do he can do better I
knew it so and and there were five of us
for only four of us went so presumably
how long have you been in this club then
I'm moaning in pain now so how long was
the book trip but like a week so about a
week in a couple days and you been in a
tight-knit club that has nicknames and a
lot and you don't know any of the names
concussion the concussion I mean you've
got what the the good doggy Society or
whatever you are
yes great dance society right right let
me just write that down sure we should
get the cards we have a logo yeah okay I
think we're done here
if I'm gonna leave you my card
yes right here if you happen to remember
the names of the other people or if you
have any idea how this poor woman
managed to slit her own throat you mean
the lady who shot me and hit me with a
frying pan expands me
I'm real bad well I mean it's I mean God
rest your soul but I don't it's merely
that there are not a great deal of 78
year old women in the London area that
have small caliber firearms or should
definitely autopsy the body well yeah in
any murder that is more suicide and that
is definitely going to happen
oh yes aside so that's a theory of your
suicide well I mean her throat was slit
and there was no struggle we we don't
have a theory did she have a history of
mental illness
no her son did that's for sure yeah
those paintings so she was she was
standing up like with the gun when I
crawled out of the house Wow I left
first I don't know what are you talking
about well that's why we crawled out of
the house all right and and and you left
behind some of your club there then yeah
hopefully they made it out alive oh my
god I didn't even think about that
are they that it was a did and who else
was left behind in Fame falling asleep
was anyone besides that madam Jezebel
there oh she was not there no that's the
other members of the Great Dane Society
right we're they're scrapping and notice
the nickname crappy what
Kathy goobie's grampy professional
courtesy here look at you scoop I not
keep them in prison right now I think my
sessional courtesy is not being
reciprocated I think I think that's I'm
time will reveal a lot I will I mean I I
will go with you if you need to know
we're gonna keep you here
Gerald out out front to make sure that
you stay here no I've been exaggerated
me some give me some puddin and we'll
have a further discussion
maybe tomorrow perhaps some of the tea
will have worn off by then and you will
remember some things but again you have
my card if you think of any of the names
of the Great Dane Society I should be
very interested in speaking with them
and if you have an ad if any of the do
any of them live in London I diet or no
or staying at where I was staying
well are you staying Stan that we're
staying at a hotel
so do you tell him the fans the the
this is where you get to hotels minimum
- right okay
well that that is very good information
thank you for that all three of you make
luck roles Oh arrows are 74 I actually
mean it all right there look roll I made
a critical success all right so you
should make critical successes you had
everyone sign the hotel register with
fake names okay we need no we need to
know those tell you what mine is if you
need that it's crappy as far as I don't
ask me which one inspector Barrington
will will take his leave so it's prison
yeah maybe you know what whatever at
this point
prisons probably should remember the
concussion anyway doctor said you had a
concussion
well not him all right so it is the
morning so we were gonna go shop in for
disguises if I remember correctly that
is no problem so you you find clothes
that will make you look much different
you've got pulled out of hats you've got
big sunglasses all this stuff it is
lunchtime down all right
then we should head and talk and talk -
what is his name Mahoney yes at McKee
Mahoney honi so that he can arrange
speaking with mr. Barrington he might
also be able to find out what what
hospital they're at that would be good
and we also have a meeting today with
the pending foundation yeah and yeah
that's a two o'clock o'clock we should
go there first we don't want to be late
we may not get the opportunity again I
think we should connect with Mahoney as
soon as possible so you can find out the
information you could also write Mahoney
mm-hmm and just ask him to find out what
hospital they're at and have him respond
to take up to the hotel okay okay and
dust I felt anything else
Oh Thomas just rolled it no I did rolled
and rolled it rolled in order to get
yeah
three named adored games it's the mead
this is the time to use hashtag ranked
it's the power the congratulations short
as I read you're on the NordicTrack
alright I'll be winners so yes we're
gonna shoot off a quick message to
Mahoney you're asking him to check and
see which hospital
those two are in and to arrange a
meeting with Sloot or the inspector okay
all right he'll you'll get a message
back so you go to the pen you foundation
it is a brick three-story to two-story
buildings it is old construction you do
a you know you sort of do a certain you
get there a little early and you do a
circuit and there is a back gated area
that is like a loading dock with a coal
chute and that sort of thing
I like mentally mark the coal chute
everybody make me a spot hidden role
yeah oh I missed him though for critical
success all right so you think cry
someone made know yeah a thanks are
pretty awesome for you I rolled a
hundred on them oh wow you know roll
with you okay yeah critical success or
critical fail yeah there is in the back
area there is there are three guys sort
of labourers smoking and they are
leaning on a truck and the truck says on
the side don't follow me
how am i driving free candy
we are not FBI it's got a name on it
that I am here we go that's lares and
Sons painted on the side Paris like
Ferris wheel yes and then so it two
o'clock you come up the stairs there's a
doorman who when you print you produce a
calling card and he says
oh of course of course yes you have an
appointment with mr. Gavigan that's crap
time please come with me he brings you
in the lobby of the of the foundation
there's a young woman sitting at a desk
there's some couches that he has you sit
on there's a long hallway with doors on
each side and the doors most of the
doors appear to be waiting rooms or
observing rooms where visiting scholars
can ask for books and they go in and
they sit and they can read it while
you're while you're watching there there
is a attendant in the hallway and
someone knocks from inside one of the
rooms and he unlocks the door opens it
the person hands him out a cuneiform
tablet and he takes it in white gloves
and he goes upstairs and the person
comes out and leaves that's pretty
standard I mean that's pretty standard
museum you know that's how they control
the artifacts is somebody goes in a
locked room they can look at the stuff
and then when they're ready done looking
at it they knocked the door and that
coming down the hall towards you is a
meticulously dressed man who's balding
he's he's dressed very it's it's classic
but very expensive clothes he's clearly
very well-to-do and what I have to jump
into yeah no no the Hefner has gifted 5
subs what
Wow they have noisy insane and we love
yeah yeah they have to a gank you know
hashtag patron of the Arts yes and also
this you know if I get a chance I'll
have to bring a heavier character in
here sometimes just in a smoking jacket
or a burgundy smokey yeah with it with a
shirt that says hashtag mug for Mike to
say hashtag Mike met up yes well good
afternoon I'm Edward Gaffigan and I
understand a professor Ulrich
I understand yes it's nice to meet you
pleasure to meet you we have several of
your works here at the foundation in the
library how quaint is wonderful it's
lovely to meet a fellow in fellow
enthusiast and and your companions
absolutely with me thank you Kay who
is your fake name Irene Adler this is mm
miss Irene Adler hmm a pleasure it's
Sarah Smith and this is Sarah Smith
quite hmm even spit your drink yeah
well if you if you'll follow me mm-hmm
all right he takes you down a hallway we
have a map of the pen you found eight
moves Beth we don't have a map camera
though Wow so yeah you are here is this
that you're in this front room this is
where you came in you come down here and
his office is his office is numbers is
this large square room here okay there's
a waiting room in the main two and then
into his office his office is
very well-appointed there are some busts
a few of you sort of curios make me an
archeology role all right so everything
that he has here is from before the
ptolemies so early
egypt mum and their pieces that are not
they're not flashy but they're very well
kept and everybody you three make me
spot hidden roles totally made it
critical access all right with a
critical success you see as he come
hasn't he's coming in he like has you
sit down and he makes a large loop
around and he like leans against the
wall and you hear a click hmm
just he briefly leans against the wall
and there's a click and then he goes and
he sits down at his desk and and i very
carefully do not let my eyes flick to
that only she saw it because she got the
heartsick okay sorry mmm-hmm and so
professor what brings you to the pin you
foundation hmm well mean my associates
here we are very interested in taking a
look at some of the Egyptian artifacts
some of them specifically with Carlisle
expectation curiosity huh
it's a terrible tale The Carlisle
foundation the the Carlisle expedition
sir Aubrey was a great man and a great
friend of mine and I deeply regret his
the ill-fated nature of that entire
undertaking mmm
unfortunately as I'm sure you understand
our records most of the records of the
expedition were lost with the expedition
mmm-hmm
we have very little we're very I have a
few pieces of personal correspondence
with sera berry we
with all due respect I wish to remain
private he he confided in me thoughts of
a personal nature about the members of
the expedition if there's a specific
question perhaps I can help you with I
kind of look around the office for a
moment is the door closed mm-hmm it's a
very sensitive matter and I do
understand discretion and keeping things
private especially when you have trust
with someone we are we've been tasked
with a wish from a friend of ours that
has been departed is no longer with us
and we are trying to fulfill his last
wishes by seeing if we can piece
together what has happened
he lost his life trying to figure out
Rock Roger Roger sir Roger I don't know
why I keep forgetting that Roger there
I empathize greatly with your loss as
I'm sure you must understand my loss as
well in who who is you your friend if
you don't mind my asking perhaps you
know him he he is a writer his name is
Jackson Elias he was way too interested
but he make psychology yeah oh nope made
it by two okay Mexico not good was
that a fumble no that wasn't great
though he
mmm yes I have met mr. Elias he came he
came to the the pen new foundation to
ask mm questions regarding the Carlisle
expedition regrettably I was unable to
assist him as I am regrettably well I
will tell you what I told him hmm he did
not he did not find it particularly
useful but he seemed troubled I was
pleased to talk with him about the
Foundation's role in funding the
expedition and indeed funding
exploration in Egypt in general and that
was the extent of and I I did give him
my thoughts on mr. Carlisle and the
regrettable assignation with the African
woman that led to this entire disaster
mhm but what can you tell us about the
African woman well hmm she was a she was
a very poor influence on mr. Carlisle and
following her flights of fancy but
unfortunately mr. Carlisle was a man of
great passion and he believed this woman
she had certain hmm extravagant ideas
about a shadowy time in Egyptian history
where that sir Aubrey had long been
interested in it as well it's been a
quite fascination of my my own as well
as something I teach at the University
and I'm quite fascinated what was mr.
Carlisle specifically looking for I mean
other than the obvious well
it seems to be this disreputable woman
suggested to him that there was a
sorcerer of some sort that ruled over
Egypt for a short time pre in the pre
Ptolemaic era and that she had
information that would leave them two
tombs in the Nile Valley that would
contain artifacts that would offer proof
of these these beliefs and the
information was a hoax the well in Egypt
the African woman disappeared
she took the in the expedition's ready
funds in the amount of approximately
3,000 pounds my goodness we are we are
all citizens of the world and of the
worldly nature and mr. Carlisle counted
the money lost as insignificant but he
was deeply affected by the defection of
his African lover and fearing that the
stress and the heat of this moment would
would lead to deleterious effects miss
Hypatia masters I presume given your in
your knowledge of the Carlisle
expedition you are familiar with this
name miss masters suggested a a
recreational trip to Kenya for the
summer to the highlands of Kenya are
cooler and it would at some time on
safari might serve the mental well-being
of everyone in the expedition after this
crushing blow sadly the expedition was
injudicious in their travels and they
ended up in some tribal land
and I believe if you are the consummate
investigators that I believe you are
that you know the how that story
unfortunately ended most unfortunate and
yes
regrettably mr. Carlisle had most of the
expedition files with him at that time
he was studying them on the safari and
unfortunately where they are the files
are hmm understood where their bodies
ever found mmm yes they were found in
Kenya in a dark tribal area which I
believe is mm to use a Tuesday a
fictional term of the current fiction it
is a no-man's land
hmm but the bottom where the bodies were
found where any of the files found with
them to my understanding know if they
had been they certainly would have been
returned yeah hmm as I said much can you
show me the volumes from what side to
what side like what what remains is
there anything that they that they took
with them the only remains are the goofs
are the correspondents I have oh it's
our our breathing rate which which I
have and I will speak candidly here
which I have paraphrased to you in this
discussion I appreciate that and I would
appreciate if my candor and my respect
for privacy could be honored sir
absolutely the the information we have
gathered here today will only be used
for us to further our investigation to
solve the mystery of what really
happened here nothing more than it will
not be in papers or published in any way
well if you if you wish I could show you
we do have a deal we have an exhibit
hall that has some pieces from the the
early parts of the Adkins
and I would be very interested in that
and being son thank you very well please
come with me
he and before we do that and sorry what
what we got rated so I just want to say
thank you for the rain oh nice honey for
a tail welcome Pimpernel work
we're playing Call of Cthulhu and which
is basically a penny dreadful yeah that
really hurt my fingers doing that
steeple okay hard to do without a table
it is I write a check out to the venue
Foundation for a thousand dollars
okay and say I've always been a great
fan of your work and I truly appreciate
what you do here for Humanity well
and you are most generous this this
donation will make a tremendous amount
of work with the with the work that MIT
that Professor Clive is currently doing
in in the key on the Giza Plateau thank
you so much
now if you'll come with me so he leads
you upstairs to a large exhibit room so
basically you come out of his office
around here and you come into this open
room that is just exhibits and you make
me an archeology role you guys make me
psychology roles I'm gonna put points in
this eventually I know yeah our
psychologist becoming very important and
I don't have any points that I have
fifty and I'm still like yeah do you
want fire I forgot about that stack just
for those of you joined just joining us
pulling it Amy Amy when you use
inspiration to roll again and roll worse
then the first time I rolled it yeah Amy
never does that
no it's why we call it a name I've never
done it what eight ten I haven't broke
double digits yet I finally make that
board everybody else's Amy mom I gotta
get crackin knows his stuff mm-hmm but
he's really long-winded
I mean he is he he will take two hours
walking you meticulously you guys both
might be bored yeah you might but he's
walking meticulously through and this
stuff is just not that exciting
it's a lot of pottery surance and you
know like he's the right word are you
sure there are no you know like fret
statue fragments that sort of thing
there's just nothing exceptional here
but he's treating it like this is the
British Museum I throw in a couple quick
quick witted comments his way of
acknowledgment and and praise for his
description this is yeah he I mean
gunner clearly communicated to him that
you know that he you know you guys don't
yet no problem so after the longest two
hours of either of your life oh no I've
been a colander significantly longer and
worse both a glance like I'm trying to
get him to speed up but you know I'm
boring but this is nothing new
he leads you back to the to the sitting
room and he says professor of course the
archives of the foundation are at your
your convenience thanks to your very
kind donation should you should you
require any any access to our library do
let Virginia here know and she will take
care of you thank you of course it's
been a pleasure I'm meeting with you and
I look forward to seeing you again so
kind so kind yes thank you for the
excellent tour
miss blushes miss Adler yes and Miss
Smith mm-hmm of course and he walks back
down and that is your time in the pen
you foundation unless you want so you
can at any time come back here and you
can be one of those people in the
waiting rooms asking for other things
from archives part nights we made
friends and he didn't sell us down the
river
except you sorry not a great fake name
online okay so when you get back to the
hotel there is a note from Mahoney
mm-hmm he tells you that they are
staying at armorstand we're staying yes
the big guests speaking of guests okay
door is just rated or realms yes yes
yeah I've watched this rounds on
Wednesdays right that's correct
cool welcome we're we're playing Call
there's a note from Mickey Mahoney that
says they are at hospital number three
you know they're a generic UK hospital
number three our mother of generic
hospital may yes I hope you go in st.
Barts just because it's just for my
Sherlockian amusement I guess didn't
think I don't know the hotel with naming
convince you the hospital naming
Baroness get on that the hospital
mentions in lots of saints no she's at a
service right right
so saying that they're there and he
found out that they are on police watch
hmm interesting
anyway we can get a hold of the
inspector Oh Lord oh yeah he'll give you
he gives you the inspectors phone number
so you have the inspectors phone number
I'm going to go on record as saying that
I think that is the worst idea but I
second that
the inspectors already talked to them we
don't know that but but if well I mean
no procedure if if they've been under
police watch they've probably been
talked to it at this point especially
with a stab wound and ain't gonna ring
and with McGillicuddy being a police
officer what's the likelihood they're
which hotel are you our first hotel or
our second hotel tell me to send it to
and does it man where did where did you
tell Mahoney to send the note of the
backup motel sure okay well everybody
make me a luck rule 99s yes all right so
at you so you walk up to the you walk
next Arya Stark all right so when I
succeeded and you succeeded all right so
you as you're coming up to she's about
to go up and ask if there any messages
from whom you get taken by the cops and
you like stop her because there is
clearly a policeman a inspector in
plainclothes not not Barrington just
some generic guy in plainclothes tot
looking through the register of the
the and and you actually have that look
on your face like we did that have
enjoyed and and the the policeman
notices like he looks up at the three of
you and he notices your look and he sort
of marks it and then he goes back to
looking in the register you can if you
want to go to your room you can call the
message up later okay let's go get rings
shall we yes that sounds like a lovely
idea
okay and this is why we signed in under
fake name
so you're going to the before you go
into the bar - yeah just to like the
hotel bar yep is it in line of sight of
the front off the front sure okay yeah
so drink I'm so excited to go see
that show later on this evening so you
guys are watching the cop yeah he is
talking to the person on duty
mm-hm and does he notice you watching he
does not so he clearly points in your
direction like the direction you went
and he's talking to the the clerk at the
front and like pointing at the at the
logbook should we go let's go let's go
yeah with with the role he got you guys
let's get out so we just go up and back
yeah so we head to the bar and kind of
do this like alright lefty time for a
third hotel which is like five hotels
well now did somebody sniped me off to
so it's you flee the police and it's
about now 8 o'clock at night by the time
I get to wherever you're one of your
houses or the fancy hotel whichever
right we don't want to go to the
hospital no no okay well I'm going to go
to the hospital I think I should because
somebody's gonna figure out that it was
my gun and it's not at the scene there's
a problem there and it's odd not to
check in with our friends and the
further away we get from the scene the
harder is going to be to explain and did
inspector under police watch and they're
going to question us what makes you
think McGillicuddy didn't say anything
he's an officer of the law in New York
City
I don't trust him my point is we don't
know if he just went what he does sounds
exactly what I was like doing this so
what what are you proposing are you
saying I'll turn myself in if I have to
I mean they're going they're going to
peg me one way or the other are you
kidding come on I got a pencil sticking
out of my head the guy's gonna draw me
and he's gonna be like it's a professor
you know she stuffed stuff up hey you
know she she thinks she knows things
he's going to peg me I'm going to be
named so I have to go face the music if
you guys want to stay that's fine but I
have to go it's the right thing to do I
don't know what happened to them did
they live did they die I I want to know
throw what are hit points you've got
another one back whoo I mean he would
have told us if they were dead
yes ma'am I don't know what condition
they're in they didn't tell us that the
hospital's here
really good compared to what the United
States political Street yeah go ahead
give me that opening I will walk through
it can I go France France - all right
to the hospital and the inspector comes
in he starts he like flips up your
little table trays on your beds and he
starts placing photos on on me are you
waking up no I'm but I'm like doing this
[Laughter]
really he he rolled a night not
anything's I'm asleep he just puts so
there are two photos on each of your
little tables I wake up alright so what
is a photo you've never seen before
okay it is a well of some sort with the
cover taken off and just body parts that
have been not on
it's an awful picture he's drawing for
sanity it's not as bad a seen it in
person oh what's the other picture the
other picture is mild Shipley hanging
from a noose if you just join us there's
a 30% chance that Jezebel is the villain
yes
I'm calling it now she's the she's the
villain of the whole thing yeah yeah
those two photos are sitting on your own
you neglected to mention that missus
apparently Marsha plea was some sort of
serial killer I wake up I just didn't
know that
why were you visiting mister miss miss
miss miss Shipley's home we were there
seen miles he's a painter
I saw the paintings disturbing his work
[Laughter]
where's your yeah well shake those you
know go to Myles Shipley because uh
what's his name did no no Jackson Elias
was interested in the story it was my oh
yeah it was interested in the story oh
yeah well I mean I mean that's why we
went because Jackson Elias was was
investigating the story about you know
if it's Elias did you Lee
when when he was in London come on
months ago okay how did he seem when we
spoke to him by the way I'm just now
budding right into this cuz he he he
pulled out two artists from the
newspaper one of which was the Egyptian
murders I mentioned you and the other
one was the paintings in the Shipley
sewing
mr. Elias did speak to me about the
Egyptian murders briefly he believes
that there was a killer beasts do you
think that it was an animal I think
that's preposterous I think that was
that though it was that actually was at
a third article maybe yeah that was a
third okay never but the Egyptian
murders were bout to the hard got it
beaten and stabbed ever right and it's
some sort of serial killer maybe a
copycat its tale as old as time and
Britain evidence that Jack the Ripper
nonsense and all of a sudden mm-hmm
they come walking up to your hotel you
can't hide you can't marry both oh yeah
are you going cuz it sounds like you're
going to hospital so sure alright
alright you hear some commotion out at
the front door with Gerald who that
sucks up bringing pudding when I yelled
for my Jo he doesn't know pork Gerald is
really devastated one of you know
attempted murderers yeah and that is
where we're gonna end it tonight so once
again I had like four scenes written
down that's good for chaos so the
options for quote of the night are it
would be nice to do something like a
normal person for once does he go with
my outfit I thank God Jerome Jerome for
you wait who was your own
it was Roman that it was Jeff Gerald
yeah Jerome was the orderly that told
him so don't go in the house that's um
let's run that's why I chose an arm and
not a leg
and I think the clear winner did she
stab you or did you so guess awesome let
us know what you think the court of the
night is and we will start up next week
as they try and convince people not to
put them in prison I mean the jello is
ok so the jello here is fun yeah
the jello in prison is probably much
less pleasure in jello there it's the
black gel and I'm just gonna leave you
to remind you once again primal
emergency tactical squad Mendez yes
faites poly wanna team up alright thank
you so much we will see you next week
good night everybody here yes
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
