so last week we had two of our members
hospitalized two members of the team and
they had a long conversation with
inspector Barrington of Scotland Yard
that did not really go to anyone's
satisfaction and you know apparently the
thin blue line doesn't mean anything
and everyone's corrupt not very Tintin
scares me for that reason and we also
had a meeting with Edward Gavigan at the
pen you Foundation which really set a
record I think for you not being asked
to leave not being kicked out you might
have it you might have actually made a
friend did they have a drink with him
they did not have a drink with him at
bye so another record yeah my goodness
yeah 20 minutes in feel better sigh yes
get better soon where we're missing you
we have a empty spot at the table where
Lady Jezebel will be back soon tables
it's maybe like lemon syrup that's a
rotate insert rotating stage joke here
so the they met the they met Gavigan at
the Pinu foundation they were invited to
yes
the professor's reputation preceded her
we ended the episode with inspector
Barrington coming back to the hospital
room the next morning and putting two
pictures in front of each of you one was
a picture of all the dead bodies that
mrs. Shipley had in her basement and the
other was a picture of her son miles
Shipley who had hung himself he didn't
say anything for a minute and then you
heard your friends being brought in and
Lady Jezebel was nowhere to be seen
there she
she had she got smart she ran she saw
the cops coming and she ditched so you
two are in the hallway as you come in
the hallway you're in the hospital you
see you see them and you see with them a
a sort of tall lumbering very sort of
white bread guy that is inspector
Barrington and he has just put something
down on there sort of little tray tables
and as you come in he the the constable
who's with you comes up and whispers
something in his ear and he says ah God
forgot his accent but very good you
you're the your friends are here I'd
like to know what they think about this
as well ladies I'm inspector Barrington
Scotland Yard inspector
and I'm trying to get to the bottom of
the as we're now calling it the Shipley
incident ah and so any information you
could provide us whatsoever can we see
the pictures yeah yeah so there's a
picture of that that that pit that had
all the dead bodies in it and then
there's also a picture of miles hung do
you know this gentleman
we met him briefly briefly met him doing
his piss art and was here all violent no
he deranged little disturbed he well you
didn't seem violent but he did seem very
off I'd say depressed what I heard he
was scared of something very scary there
and scared of his mother because
remember he was oh oh yeah yeah I'm very
dependent upon her scared mother all
right
and did either of you have any
experience with this open pit in the
basement there fuller
yeah full pardon my pardon beg your
I'm gonna get some water
it was in the basement you said she
leaves
he's like giving you a little side eye
huh you can make a well was that actual
uh no it's okay
we so yeah make a because I do remember
I do remember actually didn't I guess I
failed my and so it's covered all right
yeah you don't need to make a roll yeah
a very good point great
all right so yeah he doesn't he's so
uh you said this was in the basement yes
his paintings were down there but I
don't recall seeing so there were signs
of a struggle in the basement hmm and um
if you don't mind I'd like to ask if I
sure sure
all right constable if you don't mind
where can we tell from the picture of
miles very hung himself it looks like in
upstairs like a speck okay so I don't
reckon yes you don't recognize the room
round themselves well I mean unless you
know unless we find your fingerprints
all over some weapon or something like
that I think we're gonna have to close
this case it appears that did did either
of you know how mrs. Shipley's throat
so mrs. Shipley cut her own throat well
it seems believable
I love math spirals I'd like to add
after she hit her with a frying pan
stabbed him with an needle needle and
was shot very bloody situation as I
understand that the stab was first oh
yes
and then the frying pan correct and then
gunplay and then she shot you mm-hmm and
we were downstairs looking at the
painting did either of you see a gun in
a house I heard it I heard at button he
rolled at 95 yes
well all right then I think we're gonna
have to you know with the death of mr.
Shipley and as things stand or think
we're gonna have to call this case
closed
I'm gonna ask if you're gonna be leaving
London any point if you would let me if
you would inform me at the yard and you
know mr. magillicuddy has a copper if
you ever want to talk shop I wouldn't
mind getting a fresh perspective on a
little problem I'm dealing with you know
we discussed it briefly hmm yes it's
it's a poser so I'm gonna tell you that
right now but a police officer a police
officer I I think I think there's
something there
and if you could you know if you had a
fresh perspective or something like that
it might be of great assistance I'd love
to take a look at we have right right
well thank you for that so yeah if
you're gonna leave London please let me
know I believe that you're gonna be
released from the hospital today your
doctors will suggest to you probably you
rest for a while I don't think that's a
bad idea and let's let's meet under
better circumstances next time shall we
ladies and gentlemen great news have a
pleasant day
Cheers oh sorry one last thing if you
don't mind where are you staying
Oh what is the name of the hotel is the
second month you're using it are you
gonna use a second hotel that your
husband's at the nice hotel or the
second one the nice hotel was maze the
Mayfair the hotel maid for Mayfair I'm
I'm staying at the Mayfair Oh see
I'll see okay and you're all staying at
the Mayfair in we all signed in there
right no sign in - nothing worse than it
back up hotel the hotel
that's it yeah oh my god I remembered
that although coming back and watching
the tapes I just say yes whenever
somebody remembers something I'm sure
fair enough
three times it's happened I'd like
somebody the stream was like his name is
Jerome and I'm like yeah sure it's it's
Jim you know they were the parent meet
bareness google it for us all right so
he will take down where do you give him
your flat address or um
do you give him your real name I'm
considering that he's not an opera fan
oh good actually hmm I was always
very careful to not ever leave
fingerprints so nothing should be able
to get traced back to me I'll give him
my of my mm-hmm make an intelligence
roll for me I don't know the file you
drank the tea
well yes there but not in any of my
previous work okay I'm much more
concerned about that than I am about
sure she was points in anyway was
drugged yeah so so yes I will I will
with that 95 by the way he actually is
not gonna take your fingerprints
oh god he's show him like my chocolatey
putting friends he's like that's fine
just keep it I'm like no yeah come on no
I'm going to keep this as uncomplicated
as possible and tell us few lies as
possible so it's Alexandria harp
starting now yeah and and and and the
flat address okay alright just to keep
it as uncomplicated sure for now he just
takes note of where you all are and
again asks if you're going to leave
London let him know not that I know of
monster problem and so yeah you are
released you each get one more hit point
back no no I'm only at like six would he
leave leaves like I say I step outside
um excuse me ma'am there is something a
little unusual I know that the estate is
going to be handled by whoever's next
and kin but I'm curious about the
paintings that was one of the reasons so
I I went to go and meet with a young men
oh yeah those those paintings that's a
quite unusual euphemistically yeah I'd
say awful not gonna knock you know firm
ISM no they were they were interesting
as a euphemism really an interesting
time I'm gonna I'm gonna see those when
I close my eyes at night for a while I
think those are gonna be so there is no
next of kin miles was the last Shipley
and so where there's either going to be
some sort of estate sale or everything
will just be impounded and taken care of
um if possible could I get in perhaps
some photographs of
that of the paintings yeah we took
photographs of all of mine I'd be happy
to share those with you if you come by
the yard
yeah all right so have a good day of
course cool thank you so he heads off
and you are released your doctors
recommend bed rest for a while you know
you are both still in bad shape
yeah I've got less than half a head
points you've been shot yeah a lot of
blood here's another difference but with
the indeed don't care yeah and endo
reset in hit points after our long grass
if you if you get injured it can linger
for a while
so what is your next step
sleeping I disappear for about 20
[Laughter]
I'm really if we just can't go you know
what we should have we should discuss
this not in the hospital
I do remember there doesn't go both
their goals normal people there's no
there's no longer as constable outside
your door okay but I still don't need to
yeah yeah great I'm not getting into
details but I'm trying to really say I'm
really sorry
we should probably reconvene in my flat
yeah
bells disappeared so I'm not quite sure
where she got off to him but she never
quite explained how she got there and
none of you have her flat address that's
the best part
well does she have ads or whatever oh no
no she has like a stick when she did
that she have a storefront like she
she's she's you know when you're a
scam artist you don't want to let
anybody come got it so she's not that
she's a scam artist no totally on the
up-and-up I mean if she was doing
Sansa's or whatever she would have you
know psychics 1-800 whatever right you
know so she would she would meet either
go to their place or you know she was
gonna do a long con she did she'd rent a
flat or an office got it so it's not
quite so modern where you're just like
do you know a good psychic and right let
team castle because next week will be
sponsored by a psychic I know that
because but but I do recommend that we
reconvene in a more private place
somewhere that we may not be as observed
coming and going so my flat will
probably be the best option sure you had
to do you have room it's a room the
sitting room is reasonably sized no he's
looking to like find another place he's
looking for third back back up back up
well Emma already has my sofa if you
wanna make it one floor you got you got
that kind of shack that I really get a
room oh no it's a flat one bedroom flat
alright
I only ever needed one bedroom we had
this right out of sippy on the couch yep
I forgot and you know there's one whole
room of just costumes
[Laughter]
all right so you have asleep in forecast
room every night you know you've got
you've got a couple of things you could
sort of follow up on
you've got meeting with Barrington
although maybe you want to wait a few
days to to deal with the police again
you've still got stuff at the hip nu
foundation you have what happened last
time well do we also have to do like a
quick catch-up kind of discussion not a
bad idea I mean so you remember that you
saw a truck outside of the what is it
Ferris &amp; Sons I believe a truck that
said Ferris &amp; Sons outside of well Amy
doesn't take notes if she's not in the
scene exactly that's just good war plan
yeah commitment some people call it
laziness I call it really dedicated to
the capture hey it didn't happen to me
it didn't happen yep exactly
that's pretty much life mm-hmm somewhere
my wife is not against my that's like my
I mean there were I mean so are we
gonna take it a couple of days of
downtime are we gonna get right back I
thought we were gonna read so what are
we looking at on the calendar here now
well it was Wednesday we went to the
penny Foundation which means it's
Thursday now yeah correct
yeah so it is Thursday the 5th all right
well I mean nothing on the calendar Kurt
bells would hear she'd look at the 8th
yeah yeah I actually circled the 8th
because it's a because it's a it's a new
moon yep I think okay
full moon new moon no then she either
one of them could be circled but both of
them are potentially significant they
are both circled look at that okay so
that's are we gonna read string this
it's another registering moment I
in the costume bedroom let's go and talk
about things because there's you you
people are you I like how it starts new
people yeah I was like you mean women oh
dear well alright woman in bed with
throat cut charge of attempted you
beside the bed I had never will you
believe it or not I had nothing to do
with either of the Shipley deaths do you
have some glasses like some classes mr.
hood like of alcohol or her glasses you
sort of shake my head walk into the
kitchen come back out a few minutes
later with with some very nice crystal
cut tumblers oh here I don't know what
we're drinking what are we drinking
whiskey we have we have we have whiskey
we have tequila and I for all whiskeys
we can start here yeah cheers to us not
being dead or captured yep yet Cheers I
use my right hand yeah I use my left leg
[Laughter]
so I limp to the couch and lay down or
sit down so yeah let's pick this up what
I mean you people knows game is that you
guys are are insane well yes I mean we
go wait let's just take this
blow-by-blow hot
hang up okay so yes there was some sort
of strange lizard doctor inside you no
no let's even back that up further why'd
you stab yourself in the leg what
happened what
Blayne shot start started the day I'm
really excited to compose I sensed
trouble with the only I prepared you
scribbled yourself we defend myself with
the knitting needle it's the only thing
I can find I don't have a firearm and
unusual my Wade cane because I had a
gorilla made for a few days I should
have got just a standard whatever you
have that will bludgeon some like a duck
or whatever duck of death yeah I realize
now that that gorilla head it would
leave specific imprints on people's
stalls if I used it so I need a
different cane now you can change out
the tops okay yeah just go get the
standard duck or what I'm gonna have
here yeah alright Justin's go on let's
go off okay I will we will need to do
some reconnaissance figure out what the
most common king headed get stuck in if
it's so can we back this off the cane
discussion back to why did you stab
yourself because men's fashion tips I
slipped in it was either me or the old
lady
it's that T right no I did that T I
life lessons yes when the DM offers you
food and drink don't do it I so when
when I was falling it was either me or
her and point she had time
we had barged into her place no no no we
asked to see the paintings we have
barges let's just recolor the suite we
not very nicely she invited us in she
even served tea she gave us like scones
and things yeah I had cookies it was fun
but at the moment I stabbed myself all
right you're American she was she was
not a threat and I wasn't going to just
go attacking somebody okay so on how did
I get hit in the back of the head as
soon as that happened she became some
weird lizard thing she smelled how do
bloody tongue thing yeah interesting I
mean think about it if she's a reptile
or whatever the heck she is she's you
know blood in the water kind of thing
yeah shark's teeth right Mike shark yeah
you saw teeth analyst and some sort of
reptilian tongue so and then at that
point I was just trying not to die so
it's something with new it was yeah I
mean I do understand the impulse I mean
I I mean sort of but I think me stabbing
myself is the least of the issues here
no but what happened after that
well the frying-pan
like like you know Tuesday what day was
it it was Tuesday me stabbing myself is
the least of the issues I think it was a
Tuesday yeah that we went to the penny
Foundation not that it excuses what
happened but well I just got through
seeing that picture you saw with the
dismemberment after unlocking it and it
smelled horriffic I came
stairs I saw her hating you I had a fire
Ben and I went to fire at her they were
in there's a dismemberment pit in the
basement yes okay but we had to wait
pick it we we did pick that lock and
there maybe I mean it's it's Lunden it's
Dan you know
ISOTONER I'll never see it coming
there's a reference thrilling Oh Lavar I
enjoyed it I enjoyed it and dear my
truck no timber you know old white guys
they love my humor laces up yeah try and
hello fellow kids did and when you
opened it up what's his name I would say
James Ben mother smiles that's it the
boy yes did he have a reaction to the
pit he didn't seem to be reacting to the
pit he was reacting to all the noise
upstairs really soon as worried about
his mother yeah very worried about his
mother
do you think he knew his mama's some
sort of news yeah did you think that he
put the pit the dismembered bodies in
the pit I have two theories I mean I
don't know for sure but one theory is
that either he did not know it all and
he was acting that way or he knew but
this like codependent sort of obsession
yeah with his but yeah I might have even
seen her die by that creature in one of
his nightmares dismissed it because the
next morning she made tea and crumpets
or could just be
[Laughter]
[Music]
Wow
this is the best it's been yeah that's
amazing it's like they're right here
yeah they usually do that before we
start streaming yeah welcome to our new
podcast annoying sounds this will be
great on the audio that'll go on the
Bose audio CD no and then I just I need
everybody to stop with the gunplay I
mean here's I'm not getting rid of my
gun and I'm sorry for shooting you if
you want me not to shoot something
that's flying at us fine but I don't
want to die and she looked like she was
going to kill you both well here's the
thing I hit in the head with a frying
pan he stabbed himself so it wasn't like
she was really getting that far how does
it really cut it out threat threshold
my scars hello we think we've barely
survived these things a definite
difference between someone who is
normally I can shoot very well normally
I do in that particular situation like I
said I just but again there's a clear
difference between pirates shark parrot
or whatever that thing is listen a human
being woman with funky teeth and a
lizard tongue I mean there's a huge
difference one thing you mind being
woman with a funky lizard teeth and
tongue and there's a crazy parents their
vessels they're all the same but again
you can expel the demons out of a vessel
especially if your vessel is a human
being no yes you can yes you can
my entire religion does it on a
consistent basis that's four that's four
entities yes no no no no okay so there's
come for you an ankh Emporium hmm we're
talking about kapau real thing you can
still
well no you can yes you can they were
she was dead when the partner was
expelled yes very very dead I don't
think you were there okay no I know that
if only you'd been there to perform an
exercise just not the only thing left
was the skin suit
exactly she was already dead
she just animated the body that the
creature thing inside just like the
parrot sharks just like the car is Siri
well that I don't know about yeah I
don't see realize that you're taking a
huge jump I mean did you ask her what
her name is
she didn't just a chef field yeah
Shipley so shut it
yeah I was like yeah of course it's Rome
you know she never came breaking out of
her skin and we were presenting very
clear and indefinite threats she says
she's yeah right there she's dead in the
human skin which makes yes weight was
casting in a tone that is not native no
the gels costume but what and they were
casting the same kind of dark magic and
again is it
you know are we gonna go and shoot
possibly there I don't know
yes does she even exist well we're
getting metaphysical don't want to shoot
I'm on my third Cheers III think that I
don't want to shoot her I I do think
that shooting first and asking questions
later is a great way I get to get off
the way I get up and walk just leave all
right
yeah I I mean here's a here's we're not
gonna know right so hindsight is always
gonna be 20/20 Yeah right so
if you know if if the professor had
actually killed this is their shot the
woman and not you we'd be totally
different but it I mean I don't know
then we'd have to still get an ambulance
which was coming up but but so I'm gonna
go back I'm gonna talk to the Scotland
Yard guy what's his name
Barrington Barrington Oh actually before
that can we cover some other groans let
me know I need to knowing you okay and
and they're gonna have done an autopsy
on that is that a thing in the twenties
yes yeah so so so it's up in any cases
of homicide or suicide they they do it
they definitely do an autopsy okay and
and and I would like to know if they if
everything is normal
did they come across anything if they're
gonna come are they gonna cover it up if
it is a weird shark apparent person
inside well and if there is a weird
shark Parrott person thing inside
Barrington is more likely to tell you
because you're another Kulpa yeah you
won't you won't tell us where members of
the public and the and if they're going
to cover it up we're the ones that will
be covering from actually your members
of the Great Dane Society I'm sorry what
actually tell him actually yeah I
mentioned lady Jezebel cuz he couldn't
remember anyway that's right tall one I
[Laughter]
may have come up with the nicknames you
did not have a nickname if you were an
accomplice in these lies that you were
making me tell I could read your
hospital chart what did you call me out
of curiosity scrappy I can live with
that any more important weighing that
you can live with and I apologize if I
called you Scooby Scooby and Scrappy
please don't sue us Hanna Barbera
anymore vary according to the YouTube
comments actually she's that she's a
Daphne which is hilarious to me own
spareness get on that who owns goobie do
you know that does exist the apollyon Oh
Holly on is donated 500 feet away so I
will endeavor to make money using it can
I use these to get my arm back on my arm
yeah sure
I'm on board you just came back from the
ladies head to hear the nicknames it's
very exciting
so yeah you've got the Barrington thing
when I put I put my gun on the table
mm-hmm and I say as far as I'm concerned
that piece of machinery has saved our
lives
no numerous occasions one time I shot
somebody I'm sorry I saw a shot one of
our own if you wish if you think that
I'm coming in blazing then you don't
understand how I'm using this weapon
she was casting it was obvious she was
in a fit of some kind of rage I don't
want me giving my weapon up to cause us
to die so it's not about that it's about
the my little boy but it's not about
it's about the morality and the legality
of it so you are a shooting a human
being a creature that is not Oh not
human it still remains to be seen if
it's not human but also the fact that I
lied to the police and said that you
didn't shoot me and that you didn't have
a gun you've now made me a liar I didn't
you did I did keep you from going to
jail and I would have been able to bail
myself out if you want me to go to jail
I'll take full responsibility for the
next time I shoot somebody that's not
supposed to be shocked Thanks now I get
up and go to the bathroom I have no
problems with that
you know you start to walk away maybe we
Shh I'm like I'm just gonna shot I was
like a shooting human being such as Dave
McGillicuddy had a vision did he
oh yeah he did he did yeah yeah he was
he was there with the yep you got to
need the black bear like how you were
you were they do game piece fun and
games until someone gets shot you know
it's it's it's it's it's a new world
mm-hmm right I don't this is not this is
not everyday life of coming and going
going to work and stopping a robbery and
no stopping you know this is not
about murder even the guys next door
with their cars
yeah it's not about the cars it's about
being fast and furious furiously fast it
could be some carbon monoxide yeah you
know lead was a thing no this is this
is about something bigger
mm-hmm something I don't understand or I
don't know if I even want to understand
this is an hour it's an opportunity hmm
no the ideally we would have some sort
of government sanction for doing this
stuff because that's the that's the the
downside of shooting people and the
excellent
think we have a title for downside
murder can't use murder I I will leave
it up to you but whew I want me to hang
up my pistol oh I will
you just think I think it has saved our
lives more times than them it has hurt
us if I may
I I do not think that disarming
ourselves as we're going into being
pawns in some massive cosmic game is a
good idea no and I completely agree that
said I completely agree I just there
least we can we can be more careful
about how we use our tools well and
maybe I should have been able to shoot
her regardless it was it was a
condemning mass point in the middle of
all of it well it was also a confusing
mess the middle of all that you had just
seen a mass grave essentially and thrown
up all over the place almost you you
were not in a good physical situation
and I understand that I'd like there
have been some days where I've had the
flu and just couldn't go to work I sort
of like think that that's very flippant
I didn't slip it that you say that
because I don't know what you do for
real no I mean it's a Tuesday next
Tuesday you can ask Indiana yeah I can't
promise I'll answer I don't know I mean
I mean first off there's you know I had
this pistol for protection because on
one of my expeditions I was robbed and I
swore that that would never happen again
I had shot one other man in a conflict
prior to all of our expeditions and it
was life or death I am not bloodthirsty
I just want us to survive I want us to
live and these vessels are there they're
unbrotherly
[Music]
aggressively rumbling I completely
understand that and again I don't think
that it's wise for us to disarm
ourselves we need our tools and our
weapons to hand if we're going to
survive this because we are going as
McGillicuddy said into a brave new world
where who knows what in God's name is
going to happen so I'm gonna put this
forth I'm gonna ask I'm gonna ask it I'm
in the state one I'm gonna ask one thing
and state one thing I'm gonna ask that
we look for other avenues and resources
before we just shoot stuff you know I
mean so there's got to be which is you
know I kind of wish that Jezebel was
here
additional women to slit her throat no I
know I did
no I'm talking about the fact that like
they were there for that were they no I
don't want to ask about that no I'm just
saying that like mmm to turn the shoot
first ask questions later let's ask
questions first and try and find other
remedies besides Jemma
did she just hit you with a frying pan
do you want me to shoot it in the back
of the head here's the moment you know
but here's the other human does have the
fur she's in the middle going all them
anymore
we don't we could have done research
before we went to the Shipley house and
see if things were if there were other
weird things that hardly counter spells
to counter what she say that's the
problem nope none of us know and
encounter anything oh that's what I'm
asking is that can we explore they'll
just not seem interested in countering
any sound she wants to or not you might
know it but I propose that we try and
experience our so trying to get out get
additional research and experience for
ourselves so that we're not looks like
everything but nothing ever goes wrong
that will we walk into a situation we're
prepared with a full what if what's the
with our personal yeah try not to use
that would be yes the full arsenal of
tools so that violence is you know
degree violence is the last
not the first angry I was expecting us
to go there and buy some painting me too
yeah and not possessed
she escalated it when she IW time I
still think you escalate it with the
staff I think that you just started the
whole thing down hell you're not totally
blameless if I would have stabbed huh
would you be angry yeah I could be more
angry at you if I'd stabbed her would
you be angry mm-hmm
if I hadn't already given you two quotes
that might good happen that's problem on
the subject of me though I haven't had a
chance to tell you that she drugged it
yes
something was in the tea okay I'm
convinced of it because I fell into a
vision in the basement vision or was I
still there physically was I still there
okay so I wasn't yet I wasn't
transported but if it was real I was
somewhere else somewhere
it felt old I felt really old and there
was fire everywhere and I could feel the
fire on my skin and the boy it reminded
me of one of the boys paintings to be
honest like I had fallen into a painting
but I was real so whatever she did it
sent me there and I've never experienced
something like that before besides with
what we all experienced okay
I mean that's interesting because she
may have been inducing that to the Sun
it's entirely possible that she may have
started drugging him and that's how he
has the visions or the painting he said
it started five years ago that's about
the same time period as when we were in
Peru
if I hesitate in the future
before shooting
a creature such as this woman and one of
us dies or gets severely injured because
of it I'm going to feel horrible and I
but what if you go and half-cocked and
you kill an innocent who is it one of us
or one of us no you're not we're
standard I feel like I'm being lectured
as the way was 12 and I just picked up a
gun last time I checked I was not born
yesterday that is not the intent but we
do need to have a clear plan of attack
going Thank You Ian saying that from the
beginning as we saw why are we arguing
that as we are all adults who are
handling this together and prefer not to
get hurt if it all possible why are you
still like shirring me about it do you
I don't understand you are obsessed with
holding on to your gun
and I understand Wow I show you again
I almost got ripped into to buy that
thing I I had my voice taken away yes I
did I almost died as well exactly I
think I do not understand having skin in
this game why under sass why are you
upset because we almost lost our friends
we almost lost our teammates so why are
we doing this I go back to that again
why are we doing this to stop evil in
the world
just that is my joyous did not succeed
doing that then we may not succeed
either exactly and there would be
somebody to die trying yeah we're going
to point yeah point at each other about
I will on about pointing you about
here's the thing I'm willing to
sacrifice my life for it okay then why
are why am I being lectured about this
mistake this is the first time that
we've hurt each other if I recall
Jackson Elias hurt one of us as well
yeah he made him to 1 to 2 occasions I
was like what did you do now on two
occasions but you know we never gave him
a hard time but I'm alive so let's let's
pick on mrs. Aldrich you know that's
makes sense why don't you guys figure
out what you want to do and I will
support you but I'm not going to sit
here and continue to be lectured at and
ganged up on when I have countlessly
saved all of our lives I'm not going to
do that and I am yet again sorry if you
want I will find the best surgeon in the
world and happily reconstruct your arm
it's become rich how is it let your arm
yeah your arm is coming around you're at
you're in a sling Oh kind of like joy if
anybody's going to hurt you at least I
can afford to try to at least make that
correct again I'm sorry that it happened
I really am but you guys are treating me
like I am 12 with a gun for the first
time and I don't I don't I don't we are
talking no why we're sitting here no I
think you're correct i think i think
we're beating a dead horse i think
you're right and that this was i mean
this this wasn't on purpose this was a
chaotic situation
and and again it's it it was not human
whatever that thing was it wasn't human
so we were in my opinion totally
justified in once you know after I
stabbed myself totally justified in and
dealing with the situation I agree but
I'd and into a chaotic situation is not
advisable and and there's Jim there's
too much and there's too much chance for
second at that I mean here's the thing
at the same time we might not have to do
it again I would prefer to not have to
shoot into a chaotic situation know so i
mean i am i mean i ordered the cane
because i knew this guy once who had one
it was really cool but shout out to
Brett but I just I also don't a it's not
legal for me to have one of those and
I'd like to to stay and this far this
side a lot as far as I can and we're
gonna have to go and do some some
terrible things before for good I don't
even I you know that thing that guy said
that were pawns in this whole situation
I that guy whose cashews the dark
Pharaoh's getting a great laugh like the
back that but the fact that we are
sitting here arguing about something
so is morale it's a moral issue that
we're talking about Noah and I agree
shooting people randomly you know being
half-cocked whatever it's not good I
understand I just in that we be more
careful not all I ask
I'm not trying to lecture you all right
because that requires one I mean let
kill him Thomas no and I'm gonna grab
your hand from wherever we're sitting
and just be like I respect that decision
and I I never I never accepted your
apology thank you so much for that
apology that makes me feel better I just
need you to know that I'm drawing a line
in the sand for myself and I don't know
if I could shoot someone who looks like
a human being or acts like a human being
I have my methods and I will and I would
hope that you guys would let me do those
and if it does come down to her or me I
so much appreciate the fact that you
chose her and at no sorry I'm sorry that
you chose me and I appreciate that and I
think that we will figure out how to
work around this but just know that my
my line I'm that's my line and I can't
cross it and I'll continue to respect
where you are at and I mean I'm sure you
have have sussed out at this point that
I haven't died I don't have a problem
killing that's not where my issue is my
I had things made things may go wrong I
find it interesting I make one mistake
and we've all done something out to each
other I don't think it's the one mistake
I think it's the I think it's the
culmination of all the mistakes that
we've made all the way up saying I'm the
one that broke the camel's back yes
that's what it is and I'm getting the
brunt of all of our mistakes that's I'm
not as awesome well if you're going to
if we have to go on half and half cocked
and shouted above us and well you know
what we have decide then so I love your
judgment of me I love yours of me I have
not made any judgment of you what have I
said I have not called you going off
half-cocked I've not done anything like
that so so what is this you seem to be
in a really bad mood so how about this I
think I'm going to go back to one of the
hotels if you guys want to figure out a
plan fine me a call I will come back if
you're gonna just sit here and keep
insulting me and judging me and scolding
me and we're not going to get anywhere
that I'm just going to leave I am NOT
attempting to insult you but we're still
talking about it would you let me finish
a sentence please not if we're gonna
keep talking about then you should go
you have to get the last word is that
way my ass yes
oh I'm sorry I insulted you in your your
domicile but yet mine is sitting there
in shambles burned to the ground I have
no home left
why because I joined you guys to help
get rid of evil and now I'm getting
picked on why
I leave the gun on the table and I leave
Leave so you're gonna go back to your
husband
yes gonna go back and see your husband
and he in that way that even doddering
husband's can tell he can see that
you're really upset and so you guys he
suggests going for like a walk and you
guys go to the it's it's a thing called
the British Empire expedition which is
like a bizarre Expo of Britain in the
20s in the like our empires not dying
yeah and you know you spend the day sort
of walking among exhibits and seeing you
know there's the Canadian parlor where
and I kid you not you can google this
there was a life-size butter sculpture
of the King don't butter sir I lived in
Wisconsin and there's a contest and
we're somewhat simple and do ice
sculptures chatter sculpture it's not
it's not weird and Wisconsin is in
and while you're there make a spot
hidden role no you you are very
who from the Pena foundation is walking
briskly this way and you and your
husband are sort of like gazing it I
don't know a butter sculpture or
something like you know gazing at a
life-size replica of Queen Victoria made
out of marbles or something I'm like I
was didn't I don't know what they didn't
yeah and like you run in they went
terribly sorry and he like has his head
down but you clearly recognize him
sticker
Darington when you when you say that he
looks up and he's he looks really
surprised as a professor mm-hmm it's
it's my apologies yeah where were you
going with such a hurry are you late for
an appointment forgive me yes I am the
one of the pavilions here has some
Egyptian finery that I was very
interested in seeing and mmm I was
meeting someone there and I'm he pulls
out a pocket watch him I'm regrettably
somewhat elite oh well well I don't wish
to delay you any further this is my
husband mm we used to meet you
you're your wife is an accomplished
scholar and someone that I'm very very
pleased to know mmm this is good to meet
you perhaps we can have some tea in a
few days yes that would be pleasant as I
said the pin hew foundation is at your
convenience and thank you so much for
your mmm generous donation but of course
have a good evening
of course and so he likes scurries off
all right well he fumbled so totally
unsettle II like he keeps looking back
in a way that you know is like making
sure that you're not following him
interesting but he totally thinking he's
being super subtle will like stop and
look at and then like go down about five
more in stone not very good at
subterfuge no not his not his forte but
he is like you are you're it's clear to
you that he is making sure that you are
not fun
and like after the first time he checks
again you know that sort of thing
in a very ham-handed way and then even
leave our stage for the nonce for the
nonce when you get back to the hotel
there is a telegram waiting for you and
it's from your parents and what are your
parents names oh nice McCrea all right
Tim macragge Craig yes okay
Marianne Michael McCrea min Marianne all
right and they live in dirt so
essentially the the gist of the telegram
is heard your house burned down are you
in England they know you always stay at
the at the the hotel do tell
you know it's essentially come home I
turned to my husband oh I should
Telegraph them not right now though
perhaps in the morning mmm think I'm
going to have a hottie be body and draw
myself a bath yes it would be a pleasure
to see your mother again
hmm you should go visit inside husband
to the air he's I think the only husband
so yeah that's right all right so we we
in the middle of this sort of tense
moment you know the professor leaves and
there is like you know the camera sort
of is focused on the gun on the table
mm-hmm is anybody gonna touch the gun no
so the guy all right the gun just stays
there
god that's a poor choice I'm sure check
out Ceylon yes yeah and anybody cares
there's a little bit of a dent on the
barrel and there's no fingerprints on
there because I've always wearing gloves
actually if I may
yeah I I want to very carefully pick it
up and put it in a drawer somewhere okay
just to get it out yeah then I'm gonna
guess the doors gonna yeah so I have I
have a drawer with a hidden bottom I'm
gonna put it inside me inside underneath
the the hidden bottom okay so you do you
so you have a room right it's just the
secret button it's all backwards
what would make you think I would need
any of that I carry most of what I need
on me her her sack of endless knives but
she leaves it every crime scene and no
no doorbell rings or anything like that
oh I was expecting that I mean is I mean
though is it the way that I the way that
I see it there's two things yeah
the monster attack alton boonies we're
talking about in about this the serial
killer so here's where i did actually
do a pseudo good job i did write down
somebody else's notes you know what let
me circle this back to what my character
knows so besides those two things
because there's also probably three
things there's a serial killer and
you're right the egyptian victims but
also i mean we are in england
you know yes well what does that mean
what about wait what that was an awfully
long boat ride to go somewhere else no I
mean like why can't we build a circus
yeah let's do that yeah fine okay anyway
um there's a huge I'm assuming there's a
huge Egyptian collection the British
music yes is enormous do they have the
rosetta stone yeah like they've got mmm
not in the 20s I don't think but the
Baroness will tell me about what wasn't
what was the rosetta stone found someone
tell us you don't even know she was I'd
have been World War 1 I don't know no
rather than guess I will wait for GI Joe
Meaux there's also a plethora of
Egyptian artifacts here that were
plundered from Egypt and brought to
what's the point the black Pharaoh and
why can't we research the black Pharaoh
oh oh oh any writings or there's also
there's yeah there's there's great
libraries there's say the pen you
Foundation no I I'm gonna go to a museum
I mean we can tour the museum as well
that the the British Museum's are
amazing I do hold though that we need to
do more research because we keep going
into situations half-cocked and not
knowing enough and that is I'm not I'm
not good at this kind of research okay
have you hadn't stormed off in a snit we
could have had her as well there's blame
in whiskey enough for everybody no lame
tears and guilt all around well and that
Catholic yeah oh yeah and that's exactly
the point we've all made mistakes we've
all we've all lost things none of us
have gotten out of the
unscathed you're not here none of us
have gotten out of this unscathed that's
our conscience talking and we have made
very poor decisions I absolutely cop to
that and I think that us going in with
more research and more knowledge and
more understanding is only going to help
us not get hurt and not only that we
could take advantage of ya and take
advantage of what we currently have here
plus I want to go to the British Museum
there's amazing and I hear roughly 70
Museum in 1834 the rosetta stone is
there yeah I need my shot in real life
it was very cool 100 years hundred years
also the other cool part about I deal
with sin and again yeah 3f Fox don't let
don't let the British Museum know but
when I was really there I actually
touched some artifacts should be doing
right yeah I touched on those black
Pharaohs statutes ah that explains so
much but no I I think that we have been
running into things too fast just in
general and he went to on the down low
see these paintings to try and get
information on why they were painted
happen it escalated very quick very yes
open into museum and it's good and get
our needles in the air well and and and
gay liens on a plinth and given
everything that I have seen with the
black Pharaoh I was the most gung-ho
about just going there and that was a
mistake we should have done more
research we should have found out more
about these painting
has those bodies in the pit came from
somewhere who's been disappearing around
the area ooh good question
well the Egyptian workers are they do
you think they're so yeah they were
beaten these are these are people who
have not yet been discovered until now
as being dead and missing and parts of
people yeah there were people that were
you know there were bite marks and stuff
in there huh hmm
so did you did you see the I mean it was
probably dark in the basement did you
see were they human bite that's the
title for the next show I don't blame in
whiskey is it good blame in whiskey I
like that did did they look like human
teeth marks good because I know because
I made my con rules were sharp like bite
marks no they looked a little bit more
like I don't know a shark maybe or
something with really sharp pointy teeth
so sharp parents shark lizards shark
ladies it's short week yep it is I mean
mrs. mrs. Shipley had very sharp teeth I
mean III wouldn't put those I'm a lizard
personally but I mean they weren't him
and they weren't natural wasn't like
they were sharp human teeth they were it
was it was a monster yeah so I know so
it so if we had known that there were
you know people going missing in the
area maybe we would have approached it
with more caution so I'm just saying
that you know
well well well Octavia pisses me off in
new many ways she's absolutely right
this she's not the only one
we all have fumbled fumbled and made and
maybe they made some very bad missiles
and I very much would like to not do
that because acceptable losses are one
thing shooting each other is quite
another so I think Taylor's Japanese
take it easy and and recuperating is
good and if it if that gives us the
we need to get Octavia because that
she's gonna be the best day you could
Octavia so I'll go with you here's what
we're gonna do we are going to zoom
ahead a week ooh
okay so over the course of a week what
do we find out what do we get
so it goes from being Thursday the third
mm-hmm
being Thursday the 12th yes so we have
we have Scalia skip the full moon
nothing happened overnight I would about
my hip points what do you want to do I
did want to do some research to see if
there was something I could do that's
what we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna
hand wave the research they'll get that
or not so over the course the week how
many hit points are you down so you're
back good eight you're eight so you get
seven but okay so you're mostly good
you're out of a sling and everything
just a little sore and if either of you
had any damage it's gone
how many luck points do I get back six
on the funny story so you do you spend a
week ache convincing the professor to
help your research now you brought your
parents back I do what do you tell your
parent I was not at the first that I was
not at home when it happened and that
I'm safe and that we'd like to come
visit maybe in a couple weeks okay yeah
no problem you will get a telegram back
that says that they will expect you next
week
she's like no we expect you to x' days
letters and we're like it find no parent
oh I love that I will expect you Sunday
hey I got it my parents are like we
expect you for Christmas what are you
so so you were exciting yet they'll
respond that you know they'll expect you
you you spend you know you go with
everybody the museums and stuff like
that and you every once while you
feel like you're being followed
mmm yes may she's getting the feeling
that you're being followed and make a
spot hidden role this is 12 I made it
boom all right it was a hard success so
at one point because she's a distinctive
little figure you're sure you see bells
mmm like sort of tailing us yeah but
like Shh
well let's see oh yeah she like she like
disappears what what do you guys can
I interrupt for a second yeah what do
you guys tell us about bells cuz like we
really didn't talk oh that's a boy I'm
not gonna poke about how the lady got
like I think that there was just too
much trouble like with the whole
discussion about we should not just
shoot people thing that there's too much
poking around about how the lady died
cuz at that point I'm like whatever
versts the word spells plural but like
what do you do guys tell me anything
about bells about like I did do you know
about the two spells cuz I make me an
occult Srilanka while you're doing that
know bits but a little person with I
think the best all right switch users
what where sloth I happen to know the
where slow Mona I'm very appreciative
so can you ask the where sloth how does
that work it's a sloth bit by a person
hmm Oh
and so the sloth turns into a person got
it once on the full moon yeah
falls out of the tree we just passed one
of those yeah sorry man it was an
episode episode of the x-files the new
season now is that if somebody was no
they were a bit by human I'm a monster
dumped by a human and they're now next
week on Thomas recaps TV shows you
didn't
thank you I haven't seen that it talks
about scooby-doo yeah he was old man
winners so did you make the roll sorry
yeah hard success hard success perfect
beans Chris so you you know this is
sort of your home turf and you I'm gonna
make you an offer
oh no no don't take it you can find some
books with some forbidden knowledge it
will have so many pets on you know your
stability and and that sort of thing but
you at the at a university you know you
that you have a relationship with you
you know the librarian it's like well
we've we've got these in the back here
I've never really looked at it and it's
like a book that is you know covered in
human skin oh of course
okay and I mean human skin is the best
case scenario yeah all right so so or
you can the choices would you like to
read this awful tome and possibly fight
fire with fire or would you like to keep
your sandy equilibrium must be all right
sure like I want to be fun at parties so
here's what's gonna happen but you're
gonna like your am I gonna become
obsessed with this book okay and you're
gonna spend five days of this week mmm
like open to closed at this library
because they won't let the book leave
reading this book right it is in June
Latin okay I plan so make me a Latin
roll this won't okay this won't affect
your ability to read the book it's just
gonna give me an idea of how much time
main invite to alright so yeah about
five days and this book is column it is
called the cult of the ghouls and it
talks about a it called them a servitor
race and because it's written in Latin
it actually calls them slaves but but
it's sort of a weird turn of phrase
servitor race servitor and it talks of a
race of not alive but not dead animal
people and and it it's you know that
it's essentially it theorizes that an
ancient Roman times there was a massive
underground civilization of these things
that feed off of carrion and dead people
so they they show up at graveyards and
things like that and one of the and and
it has a ward there is a spell it calls
it a spell of warding that is a
protective spell and you can you can
learn that spell the book is a little
unclear on how to use it it tells you
the the the words to speak and sort of
the you know you need to get a special
medallion made but that's no problem for
you but it's it's sort of it doesn't say
like and then it'll put a shield around
somebody else or it will punish it just
sort of says it is it this will protect
you it's kind of like wearing white it's
just a free-for-all
[Laughter]
what is showering with holy water there
you go yeah probably so over the course
of those five days you you immerse
yourself in this underground
civilization that you know has you now
on the walk home like looking in shadows
and you know as you walk home you notice
how many like sewer greetings there are
everywhere and things like that and what
is that weird mist that always comes up
from them you lose oh okay
so we're gonna have to talk about this
um first home first the bad news you
gain six points of Cthulhu Mythos oh now
the worst news you you're so
mechanically when you're your maximum
sanity the highest your sanity can go is
99 - your Cthulhu Mythos so now for
instance over here Maximus at e 99 here
93 you lose over the course of that week
eight sanity Oh is there a number that
like one 675 309 yes and then Jenny
answers the phone is there a number that
you go and see kids that was a song yeah
I know I was gonna have to look there oh
one yes we need under one because how do
you know you're typically your character
is gonna go away yet so if you get to
zero sanity oh so you must call me my PC
there's no like you lose nine sanity and
you have to like take a mental time well
we're gonna get to the okay so before
we get tonight before we get to that
welcome to ascension stories thank you
for ringing welcome back thank you so
much for showing up one of these people
is about to go crazy you can guess which
one so so yeah you lost eight sanity so
again mechanically since you know I I
suppose I should even though I mostly
ignore the rules we shouldn't you know I
should talk a little bit about the
anytime you lose five or more sanity
that's a that's a temporary incident so
or if you lose a fifth of your sanity
over the course of a couple hours so
make me an intelligence role and what
this is if this is sort of you trying to
come to terms with what's happening so
here's the weird thing
if you make this role you rationalize
stuff and you kind of tamp it down if
you fail the role you see unseen vistas
that you didn't know existed and Emily
and we're just like maybe we should let
her just be yeah we're just gonna walk
at the door what you all okay I usually
look 8:15 I don't know how long this
game goes but we are gonna give away
that yes neighbors are coming which just
fumbled yeah awesome yes last week they
were cuz it was no blind no blind landed
edition sense so only a thousand of
those were made by this nice you you
critically fail alright so a couple
things are gonna happen you you are
asked to leave the lot like so on unlike
the fourth day you just start laughing
and then you could go up to the
librarian and you ask if she has a gun
because you need a gun and you are asked
to leave so now from now on you are
super uncomfortable if you are unarmed
okay you always like you know it goes
you you something you said in that
meeting has stayed in your head of like
you know I have saved lives because I
had a gun my life is in danger if I do
not have a gun right and this is this is
an irrational compulsion sure
so you gained five more points of
Cthulhu Mythos and you should be
concerned yes but also extremely
valuable keep her right at the edge of
insanity
philony of those for instance is the
kind of thing that when parrot sharks
show up if you roll Cthulhu Mythos your
brain doesn't go that's a parrot shirt
your brain goes oh god I read a book
about that here's what that really is
mmm
that's what I was like it's not all that
bad 67
but that compulsion is where I started
at 55 Dave is but that compulsion will
stay with you or usual either use X I'm
seriously electric helm switch in the
20s is a bad idea yeah or or if
something super traumatic happens that
that that you know guns become repulsive
to you or something like that but until
then you will have that compulsion you
you you know you start sleeping with a
gun under your pillow your husband
doesn't notice your husband to the air
you're gonna have to get the gun back
from me you know yeah so here's the
thing it's not that gun yeah you don't
care about any individual gun it's just
as mike you're kind of happy that you
have a gun there that's an amazing
aspect Asian this is gonna be like
Alexandria and always having a knife on
her I can find a special quiet gun oh
alright I'll have to do some research on
that sort of stuff for the 20s it's so
you're gonna need to make some criminal
contact course to get guns there I'll
let you decide if shotguns give you any
of the same sense of serenity it might
be you know the concealment is part of
it
just you know like nobody knows that I
have yeah yeah so so yeah the book and
you've also gained the warding spell and
so put that on the back your thing on on
sy has no interest in warning no okay
bells has no interest in working and
I'll thank you they're of them good and
when you want to as as with Sai last
time when you cast a spell you're gonna
use magic points and it's gonna be a
power role and if someone is trying to
cast a spell on you
you can it'll be an opposed power roller
in row yeah and that and you'll sort of
figure out more about that as you use it
but every time you use it it's gonna
cost you sanity because even even though
this is a tool to save yourself it is
not a tool of this earth and using it
costs you some of your humanity make
sense okay alright so that's kind of
your week is sitting in a corner of the
library and nodding and kaskell angle if
they have guns you too should have a lot
so you three you do you know you you do
like a research dump over the course of
the week and so just rapid fire any
questions and I'll give you stuff so I
mean the again the big three are the
Egyptian Robert Parish no what about the
Sonics in the 90s I'm sorry I'm sorry
86 I would like to research I just
turned 30 to two things the Egyptian
murders outside of talking to write him
and then the the any stories in the the
newspapers about out in the okay the
monster in that works so yeah you get
that about so in May of 1924 there's a
the local constable in eat lesser Edale
shooting a large dog a rabid dog that
was shot and there was there were three
attacks two deaths and one person who
was who was badly hurt
sorry no this is actually gonna be is
that the same one that we already saw
yes yeah the same one you're not in it
and sorry it's not it was not it was not
May 24
it was July yeah it was I'm July 1924
sure yeah I like it the pyramid murders
the thing I'm so oh and
so make me a library you stroll oh
you're right that one was May 24 it was
the parent lips stuffs falling
everywhere yeah how to control what am I
making library use well am i with oh
yeah that's fun it is under the else yes
I missed it by six alright so with you
cuz I could try it so here's what you
get you're all gonna get to make this
roll yeah so you get that about the
you don't get anything else about you
daily the the pyramid murders the
thing you get is that you find 17
stories about the murders 15 were
Egyptian that's why they're called the
Egyptian murders - or not Egyptian yeah
you note that there are no details about
the style of the murder
let me see if that's true it was no it
is not true beaten severely and stabbed
through the heart contradicts itself
there but there are not details about
the people not know no names of the
victims or anything like that how did
they die beaten and then stabbed through
the heart again sounds like somebody
knows what they're doing
yes but I had nothing to do with this
no that's good and we assume the whole
body that they found yes it sounds like
they found not our pit right right
that's dead that's a good point
these are not like portions of bodies
these are full bodies do we also within
one might want to see if we can find
like missing-persons stories for the
last say six months or so yeah sure
make me a library you stroll no guards I
can do all of these roles yeah I know I
need to get a chance to write got a 42
out of 20 all right so so yeah you'll
you'll get plenty of information so you
can sort of start to triangulate um
but you so the 15 Egyptian people were
all that all the murders were pretty
close to Soho okay is is what you get
with that role in in the Soho
neighborhood what we're looking for is
is in the Chelsea area right I can't
remember
yes it was an I've actually brought this
down and the address for the artist was
in Chelsea oh yeah the artist was in
Chelsea yeah yeah and yeah I'm serious
Soho and Chelsea are not that close to
each other and sand and serial killers
generally stay in their area so if we're
looking for missing persons it'll be in
the Chelsea area but was there a
connection between the two Mike it
doesn't seem like the body so it doesn't
seem like the bodies and the pit were
beaten and stabbed through the heart
you weren't chewed on cuz I look I would
be looking for a connection on how mrs.
Shipley got the bodies right right and
they were deceased so yeah there are a
number of stories about ladies of the
night missing in the Chelsea area and
sort of less reputable characters that
were that we're missing there that's
sort of the dots you can connect there
she was hunting for people who wouldn't
be missed
am i make me a library you stroll oh
thank god do this action where's my
don't roll do 2d 12 oh my god would you
roll week one spire and smile
incoming pull your slide it down hold on
so what y'all I got another build an 89
alright this could be a minute this
could be a Navy if it's a fumble I'm
just gonna drink your beer
okay so 51 I make this you got it better
I don't even know who you are what was
the question again without your help
there was no question you I Mary use as
little world I briefly showed something
as you're looking through these articles
you find a very strange story written by
as always with the charming byline by
Mickey Mahoney from a correspondent
about a resident a person from Scotland
who was visiting London and was attacked
apparently by fog when he visited can I
see that
yeah sure read that article out for
people it's the oh it almost had me it
almost had me all right okay it almost
had me by mickey mahoney from a
correspondent glasgow resident mr. Alan
McGee McCain again had an unwelcome
encounter or the monster of darkness
while making his way home this last
October on hearing wails and cries a
police officer arrived to find mr.
McGann in distress and removed him to
the local station where he was able to
give a statement quote it was like
turning suddenly knowing something was
there only to find nothing nothing
possessing hideous life the dank smell
of the fog was replaced by the foul
stench of smoldering hair which reached
out and filled my lungs and made it hard
to breathe I began to choke it meant to
kill me I couldn't see it only feel it's
terrible fingers fill in my mouth and
nose
visitors readers and visiting Scotland
are advised to be cautious on night and
on nighttime rambles in the Glasgow area
and to be on the lookout for invisible
monsters don't or cows
I love this
I know but don't ask how he knows what
smoldering hair smells like well it I
was would say every woman does does he
have a waifu curls his hair her hair
either
either's hair I have a wife the curls my
hair but it doesn't take okay
that fits essentially with the killer
Beast
you know so again it is what I wrote
down is near Glasgow and George Osgood
he was still alive and basically it
happened on a full moon which is a shame
that we just missed the phone we did
just miss them but that's a real shame
that's a real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I can't believe I
just said that recently about the full
moon out there mmm wasn't mom booked on
the fool why don't the three of you
actually the full moon is that night of
the full moon is when you ask the person
for the gun mmm
everybody make a luck roll you three
make a little yep even though I've been
spending lots of inspiration thank you
nope not even close
made it that time all right so two out
of three made if that was what I was
gonna say there is a small story from
lesser Edale about how there were
reports of horrible howls and bestial
noises at the full moon and some
chickens were found slaughtered and the
story refers back to the previous thing
and and sort of takes shots
mm-hmm they male rephrase that takes a
you know sort of like a pokes fun at the
constable who said that you know he
killed the dog that Darius all right all
right
assuming that sounds way more apartment
alley running down dogs and constables
are actually looking for the Hound of
the Baskervilles
perhaps the rougarou yes and I think the
last thing that we would want to try and
find somebody at the Egyptian Museum to
ask them if they've heard of if they've
Trent if they've come across any trans
translations for the dark Pharaoh
anything that references a dark Pharaoh
okay yeah doesn't somebody in this group
know something about when he supposedly
ruled and that the Egyptians tried to
the Egyptians basically like stopped him
by overthrowing him or whatever so what
we were told was it was that the the
African woman believed that there was a
sorcerer in the in the pre Ptolemy arrow
that's that they basically ruled Egypt
for what was referred to as a dark
period and that might have been him
might not have been but there was there
it was the expedition the car let's
petition was specifically to track down
that information about the sorcerer


MANUAL-BREAK-POINT




Welcome back, so today's May first 
it's an equinox go on okay no every
murder that's right resets yeah what you
can win so everybody except for LD brat
because you won something this crime too
right now yeah yeah so it's one a week
you can win one thing a week or one of
each type every two months and it's just
reset so are you gasps Andy check with
those rules like yeah I know
Thank You Thomas and Amy for keeping
track of all that stuff dude my eyes
roll up in the back of my friendship if
it's Thursday and the wind is blowing
from the west and it's like the rules of
bridge well the rules are flex they're
more like guidelines we're trying to you
know figure things out as we go along I
like it I like what's a belt and every
one is shall we yes rose happy happy
happy F nerd a Cheers every year on May
1st
yes made birthday I got that song stuck
in my head
May 1st song but I won't sing it fair
guys because it's got a cussing well
well you know what we're more than a
half hour a day I will say that Wow did
a really or somebody pull together a
nice Wow
cartoon that goes with the song yeah
first of May check it out all right
what's my world of warcraft world it's
it's an MMO the first MMO that I ever
played was like it could start it
started a couple months ago and never
winter and it's D&amp;D on the computer
which is literally law reason that I
play it D&amp;D on the computer camera for
Atari it was pretty good I play hey I
played curse City as your bonds back in
the day
full of radiance there you go on my
Apple 200 subject just a young temple of
apshai if you want to get even older
mold epics stuff alright so see some
more information I'm timing my think the
question was about the okay because I
think I had to and I you just last
writing down man Vince it's true the
break was really long yeah so I didn't
want to know any research about the
black Pharaoh what did you have was it
oh no it was about just all the big
stuff yes you guys just read the article
to about yesterday's game yeah yeah you
know the sorcerer and in in the pre
Ptolemy era and the and the Carlyle
expedition was all you going to because
I remember this worries me so make me a
library useful yeah yeah here comes some
information needed thanks everybody for
donating oh actually I made it should I
try again should inspiration no no yes
yes
Amy if you do that per say maybe it's
better yeah if you want to get higher on
the absence of something becomes
something in this case because it is
there is no reference there's like a
period of two years sort of in the
taught in the pre Ptolemaic era that is
just nothing nobody talks about it and
and that sort of becomes you know like
need are compare what is it what is the
what is the chemistry thing not knowing
where something in it is just as
important as knowing where it is the
treasured bird stuff I was like
Schrodinger's cat Eisenberg uncertainty
principle so I think my only follow-up
question that would be is there somebody
who is a specialist looking into this
does he know of anybody who's doing
research on this that we could talk to
so he'll tell you the last people to ask
about this where are the members of the
Carlyle expert Chuck
and he'll tell you know you can get some
information about the the members of the
Carlile expedition the Roger Carlyle was
not not what you'd call a book guy hmm
he was he was more sort of the Playboy
sort of thing ya know that I'm sure was
the cowboy yeah brass great he didn't
even come in the library and and really
the only person who seemed who seemed
sort of really interested was Sirah
briefs Robbery pen he who did a lot of
research and actually purchased some of
the books from the library for the pen
hew foundation and and he's gay and he
says you know he's been he's known that
sir Aubrey by was would buy stuff from
all over the place and take it to the
foundation the pen you Foundation has
the finest collection of pre Ptolemaic
Egyptian artifacts outside of the the
the Egyptian Museum British Museum no
the Egyptian okay the the Egypt Museum
in Cairo is the the best repository but
failing that the the pen you Foundation
make an Intelligence role since you were
the only person who is there
see if you remember something the
professor said yes hard success hard
success okay you remember that the
professor noted that there weren't a lot
of pre Ptolemaic artifacts correct on
exhibit at the pen you found an exhibit
which indicates there may be some so I
passed that along to Emma that we should
ask if we could go back we do need to go
back and Aldridge was the one with the
and then do you go see captain what's
his name inspector what's his mood
what's it
I will not Barrington really well I
thought it would be better if you go and
we just front load you with the
questions okay one question wait a
minute do we trust him to go alone do
you trust
Thomas zero although you you know you
are the cop so yeah he is predisposed
this is all role playing with two L's
let's do it oh I will say that I would
prefer to stay out of New Scotland Yard
as much as possible
okay also to I just dropped I drop a
telegram to Octavia just finding out if
she wants to we're gonna let her know
that we're sending what Dave to the
yeah Thursday the 12th so you're you
know theoretically you know by by some
shocking coincidence they're sort of
interested in going to less retail which
is in the neighborhood of your parents
place you were planning on going there
on the weekend yes in about three days
yeah yeah but in the meantime like if
you want to go to the police even if you
want to go if you ever have any
questions for him cuz we're gonna prefer
to not your scene by the polka badger so
you're welcome to come along to Scotland
Yard if you wish okay number the
temporary insanity or in the gunplay no
I'm simply I mean what do you I mean
getting over it what does that mean
she's you know she's always armed but I
mean you don't see it as far as you know
I left my gun at your place yeah that's
right Andrew doesn't care one way or the
other so you you were brought in to
inspector Barrington's office and he is
you know he greets you and you know it's
a type hi thank you so much for talking
with me yeah thank you feeling much
better and I'm glad to hear it yeah you
look you
better better state of mind as well so
you've read about these Egyptian murders
we have yes 15 Egyptians you say and to
have read up alright yeah so so yeah
there were 17 victims it's been over the
course of several years let's see here
it's been over the course of two years
two years it's one other course for two
they they're called the Egyptian murders
because so many Egyptians were killed
and also he lets you know that at one
point a witness to one of the murders
heard one of the victims cry out the
word hotel and at this point Barrington
will say we asked an expert what at word
means in apparently in ancient Egyptian
it means rest or peace interesting so so
all all of the murders even the two non
Egyptians they were all bludgeoned yes
it was see death and then stabbed in the
heart so a beaten in head beaten
everywhere anywhere is it well I mean
the beating didn't the only consistent
wound is the stabbing in the heart the
beating was sort of wherever they could
beat him you know if the guy leaned over
its on his back if it was you know right
any particular weapon made any of this
marks well I mean you see the the stab
would it was more a puncture wound it
was a stab wound
there was a blade so seemed like a
circle thing or something yeah I mean we
were thinking it was like a club with a
nail through it or something hmm okay
make a law roll why are you like Oh God
oh I made it all right 23 out of 30
all right so you guys have some lunch
talk and because I don't think I did
this actually may think I've no idea the
the you you have some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk and
barrington will let's will let you know
that initially his theory was that there
was one murderer doing this but
forensics have shown that the wounds
were of the attacks were from people of
different height so it's it's been
different attackers
okay the bludgeoning attacks or the yeah
the bludging attacks mainly you know the
angle of the attacks was different on
right you know at certain times and so
it's clear to him that there is more
than one murderer okay and yeah he'll
let you know that the only the only sort
of leads they had and he he hesitates to
call them leads were that there is a a
club in Soho called the blue pyramid
club that is often frequented by both
resident and visiting Egyptian
businessmen and that several of the
victims had been members of that Club
it's a Members Only Club okay and so he
had the place put under surveillance
when it happened but nothing in the four
days they watched it before he pulled
the men to do useful things they found
nothing it was utterly routine and then
the the other thing he'll say is that he
basically in he had his men interview
anyone in Soho with any sort of Egyptian
connection and almost no one had
anything to say of any op use he did say
there was a spice dealer named szura
z aah ra was the oh and then the
Egyptian sooner mark that the shop in
New York was was not Egyptian yeah it
was Kenyan it was okay but it was also a
spice thing yeah they had spices yeah up
so this is the woman's the woman's name
is Zahra Shafiq sha fi K is her last
name and she had worked with the pen you
foundation in the past and she knew the
name the Brotherhood of the black
Pharaoh would you Gavigan when he says
it he like looks at you to see if you
react
um do you I'm going to have to make a
roll on the see if I do I'll give you a
choice you can either do psychology or
luck there was an 87 Sonata 5 Wow Wow
you are stone face unless you want to
react well but I mean I think it's your
choice it's what else is so so I just I
will just say I've heard it I've heard
of that in my research you have yeah
like recently cuz everyone I've talked
to says that it was it's been disbanded
that's the mission its it well I'd say
it's the it's the part of sort of pre
Ptolemy history that is gone for cotton
rolling in Barrington is just like
staring like what who wasn't Ptolemy
what is it I don't know I'm not sure
what history has to do with well there's
this it's the dark period of Egyptian
history there's not a lot written about
so well I spoke I mean I spoke to gather
again sorry mr. Edward Gavigan he's the
head of a new foundation spoke with him
and he said that the Brotherhood of the
black Pharaoh had died out decades ago
and it was a now it was a story used to
scare children and I spoke to miss
Shafiq and she echoed that that you know
there had been a brotherhood of the
black Pharaoh but it not for not for 50
to 100 years so they might be lying well
I am I I had miss Shafiq tailed for a
few days and all that I can confirm is
that she visited the blue pyramid club
but she didn't do much else she worked
in her shop and I mean respectfully I
don't think Edward Gavigan is the sort
who's gonna go around lying right right
yeah you know if I find anything more in
my research I will let you know if I
find out all right I mean so Gavigan
did say that the method of murder did
imitate that of the cult you know and so
he sort of put forth some copycat
theories or intimidation so the the the
wound that especially the piercing
through the heart right yeah that was a
reference to this cult that's right
that's right that was traditionally
their means of oh okay of ritual murder
okay
I mean so I mean I'm just thinking in my
head like right if there's a let's say a
you know a mosquito when they bite into
you right imagine a mosquito I don't
follow
Oh glory that's fine without a big
mosquito a big mosquito so you're
suggesting I'm not no no no no no I'm
saying they might be big mosquitoes
right they're like I'm giving lettering
[Applause]
so other the murders were committed by
why I have mosquitoes i Fahrenheit that
sounds ludicrous well I tend to agree
with that okay good
then we're on the same page well it's
been lovely seeing you again I have
other things to do that don't involve
flights of fancy if you do find anything
else please do let me know and please
don't kill anyone
yes you will you will be escorted out of
Scotland Yard and you will certainly not
be tailed do the up and up but what I'm
gonna do is I had a roll book giveaway
the first of two tonight's whoo well as
we've gotten so many subs oh my god Wow
second flip the game oh my gosh oh yeah
hashtag book everyone had a chance get
in-between it now he's like some
giveaways we barely get to play anymore
I heard I don't know you're talking
about we don't took like seven minutes
for announcements don't people much too
slowly so when he gets back so how'd it
go
[Laughter]
it may be giant mosquitoes okay it's the
first book the first book the Nordic
geek Nord you lations yes
congratulations yeah then I'm gonna skip
the dad joke for that one hashtag book
again no it's all weird ah creature
screeches creature yes there it is guys
you're the king and Cringer nice well
second sauce congratulations
and and the Cthulhu starter set is
awesome choose wisely I'm just also Ezra
weld will judge you on your choice don't
tell her I said don't mention how many
rules I don't I ignore that's a I don't
get them wrong I just ignore them okay
so yeah he comes back and I'll relay
everything that I say then I say it they
seem to think that it might it's a club
with
nail or a spike on the end okay but
really we've I mean we've seen things
and it sounds very ritualistic
it sounds very much like it sounds like
a particularly shaped sort of knife or
dagger perhaps it sounded like it sounds
like something wow it sounds like
something round cone-shaped
but long so still a knife are their tone
shaped not are their cone shape tonight
I say that like a DM why would you
assume I would know the answer to that
actually there are various you what
about like an ice pick
could be nice day but there have been
various weapons throughout human history
that are cone shape like a sharp turkey
baster for pulling me no there's the
essence of life out of a human body
exactly so I I actually pull out one of
my stilettos at this point and it is a
triangle-shaped blade it's not cone but
it is triangle-shaped and I just laid it
laid on the table and say a little
something like this
hmmm but if it was round it wasn't one
of mine so her head it makes you very it
makes you happy to know that there's a
weapon on the stand I just asked you so
what about this mosquito that you were
talking about I'm just saying it's a
possible
if if we we should probably start some
sort of compendium of these monsters
that we are
immanuel immanuel a folio of fiends
all the all the ideas that maybe should
have been left out we'll go in that one
except forget the Yankee and get these
or I those were cool get that work and
mind flayers my chief mozzarella to
maybe ma i mean we thought we read into
mind flayers us i'm talking first
petition here yes we did very so even if
on there anymore hmm I don't think so do
they just use the name again
there's a mmm no now they don't even use
the name there was a third edition fiend
folio right it was like a binder monster
me second edition oh how far we've come
Wow Wow anyway you think D&amp;D is still in
its second edition what is this taco you
speakin Paco I think said taco I was
like yes I really wish that there was
still that taco place right across the
freeway moon anyway so I think we're at
an impasse you're crazy it's a knife
discussion all right so it's it seems
likely that it's some kind of a knife
but you you said that they think that
it's different attackers based on the
angle of the assault javelin would also
create similar spherical coach I depend
on the javelin but yeah it also could
denote the fact that it's not real
ritualistic and again can I roll or
something like did I see any of these
pictures or anything seen any pictures
of what helped five-o with a roll like
that you probably can x-ray into the
pictures like when he said it's
different attackers can I assume and I'm
gonna make this assumption based on the
5 that it wasn't like a ritual
killing like we would in the Mayans
where it's like the person's led to an
altar they get these ok these were like
people beaten on the street ok but the
ritual part of it is the stabbing in the
heart really ok and it sounds like they
were very precise stabbings or
potentially beaten to the point where
you can get them in a position to stab
them yeah that seems like they were
incapacitated well yes but but they were
they were very like still yeah stab it
was and that's you know you gotta know
where the heart is
you know this is and they were craftsmen
who really knows what they're doing I'm
just going to preface all of this by
saying I wasn't in London at the time
but also did we have anything certain
interrupt you but was there also
anything that was consistent besides the
fact that most of them were Egyptian
individuals or addition
national so this so again back to the
monstre thing oh gods a book okay all
right tonight I just was drinking nation
what if the drinkin people that were
murdered were the monster and the only
way to get rid of the monster was to
stab it through the heart and they had
to beat them first fight them down until
they could get that interest you're such
an optimist
I mean murders for good or sort of
you're like you know that's your stick
so like step sideways in my profession
man now I don't get paid but it was
anybody else concerned about a lady who
runs a spike shop
yes yes with bodies yes a cult
yeah I mean are we feeling that reason
especially especially a cult called the
the Brotherhood of New York general
electric Boogaloo is what we're becoming
this ring of bill the cult was called
the Brotherhood of the Black Pharaoh
getting an evil you can make make an
occult role yeah if not we can go back
to the Pangaea foundation no so you I
mean it sounds familiar in the the sort
of the boilerplate you know pre
Ptolemaic there was the wizard we also
ran across the black Pharaoh like we
were driving many of you have met him
yes we were we were dragged into his
court I didn't know there was a
Brotherhood this is the first day it
doesn't surprise me though because of
something like that has been touching
our world people worship that sort of
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so yeah he did he also did give it
a timeframe that this cult was active
thirty years ago I thought you said 100
it was 50 to 100 was about 50 to 100 M
so we may want to you know look into
you know do further research in the
archives about the last yeah yeah I mean
he seems to think that it was known at
least to the police or the the
investigation investigator something
might have been published in a newspaper
or even a you know tabloid or maybe
there are files still at Scotland Yard
or New Scotland Yard there may still be
files on that sort of thing I wonder I
wonder if there's anything in New York
although we've burned all of those
bridges pretty effectively well I could
write a separate letter with my brother
do you have a fan still there that's
true but I very much doubt that she has
anything to do with the police no but I
could write to my brother early and ask
him to research if there's yeah but I
don't think it would be New York I think
would be London possibly but we did run
into this cult in in New York first and
everything attached the juju house this
is why I'm concerned about this spice
lady is it the same cult maybe or maybe
not yeah or it's what is potentially the
New York would be everybody make it
intelligence yeah it's not the cult in
no is it right yes yeah hard success
do I not waste the dice you don't like
reassurance on your 20 intelligence hard
success for both of us see it was almost
James eat your heart out James sorry
James
so hard success too hard successes who
are to us is it cold some are you
working that was the cult of the bloody
tongue right which kind of I also had
that thought cuz it's like when you talk
about being stabbed in the heart with a
circular item what did the cult of the
bloody tongue beautiful just the
forehead that was their state was
carving in the facade I know here's a
question
are there different ways of killing
depending on which of the five or
dealing with
it's father of maggots or the the the
bipedal bat or the obese woman or oh I
want to meet the obese woman I got some
pasta to get down on sorry I did not say
that or I guess the other the other
question is why why do the cut why does
a cult need to murder people offerings I
turn around from the window that's
pretty obvious isn't it
Colts have been doing this for thousands
of years they believe that the vitae
living creature is pleasing to the gods
and pleasing to these bad spirits and
dews and things that's hosted them yeah
I'm not trying to be like don't you know
your Bible sir you're an Irishman the
fact that from like Old Testament and
New Testament you went from human
sacrifice to the to the to the sacrifice
of Jesus and now it's represented by the
host and and a big thing especially in
Egypt right now religious people females
and virgins because everybody loves but
that's not what we're dealing with with
these 17 correct there are people who
misson have been I'm sorry these these
were old natural thinking clearly
clearly and they were mostly Egyptian
but there were two Caucasian two
Englishmen yeah the other thing when
when you're saying like why are they all
doing this you all recall that there's
something about the Eclipse that will
happen
in January of 26 huh oh yeah next
January so we have 11 months to figure
this out great I really hope we don't
all die by that
oh I suspect or maybe I hope I did you
really good word
so earth is housing the the creatures
that they're that these worshipers are
trying to it is bring up yes
remember the vision the vision okay
here's the thing though bells didn't
tell us that
that was that was bike collision and we
didn't talk about the church she didn't
shot it she did - she didn't I watched
it back she very carefully didn't say
anything about that from the earth
holding she very carefully said very
very little yeah see that sucks no not
necessarily
I'm trying to work on what we were
actually told and she didn't tell us
very much interesting I thought she said
that that mm-hmm
she didn't want prison she didn't say
that somewhere she's bells smiles no
here's my mind well I I still remain
convinced that bells is going to turn
out to be the actual villain of all of
this especially with everything that
she's keeping from us because you gotta
guess she didn't tell us anything about
that she didn't tell us that it was
actually like eternity that was telling
her all of these things and Friday every
month she but she thought it was less
she she told us that it was like the
black Pharaoh who was telling her things
interesting so she's been very carefully
keeping a lot from us and whenever we'd
seekers I doubt it's going to be
interesting that makes things a little
difficult yeah so I didn't say that
rewind sorry I didn't didn't mean to cut
you off there but that was definitely
yeah no it's okay so you've got a few
days before your lovely train ride to
Derby yes when are we leaving you if you
leave on Sunday you'll be there in time
you've got the the lovely blue pyramid
Club
you've got yes well I need a I need a
waited cane your way to cane several
days during the five days your pain
coming in so it doesn't get to d8 I
think we already did it right did we
already putting on them yes okay I did
not do the DN Oda
plus damage bonus if you have any what
would that be what is your strength 217
okay in your size is 60 all right so
it's plus d4 okay I think I miss mess
something up in my damage bonus ball
talk about that and then I totally get a
regular ball the end of it after you had
to make this gorilla he's like so you
when you still want the gorilla yes yes
yes he spins a round of combat putting
still can't believe you didn't get a
Great Dane yeah yeah yeah I'm honestly
surprised do I managed to sneak down to
the docks and find somebody you didn't
ask the person that you know is
connected to those conversations very
uncomfortable to start and even more
uncomfortable to end you know like
because maybe you've like maybe when you
tell people that's when people suddenly
conveniently forgetting that we had a
conversation and then somebody ended up
dead the next day I mean forgetting
thing is a useful cop scale yeah yes so
you have a it's like your old pistol but
it has a very sort of perfunctory
silencer on it so it's much quieter okay
sounds good
and in the time the next time you guys
see me my hairs actually dyed different
colors probably like dark black or
something like that
she's going through a goth phase well if
you're thinking thinking's disguise
mm-hmm and the insanity insanity that is
ensuing that you guys haven't quite
figured out yet
you don't solaris well i have the lowest
sand day of the group
I started at 67 I'm currently at 37 Wow
don't fall into a pile of goo is really
I think that oh yeah might left them
there that's right about one any of my
previous characters I'd be like this
one's done like I'm good decided you can
roll art in my crappy ones that is it's
always on the table that if you feel
like your character either wouldn't be
around these murder-hobos anymore or is
so unstable that they require a
long-term stay in a in a place a place
of respite you know that's what backup
characters are for and we can we can do
that and I hear we need to make a video
about narrative creation so I mean I
might join you on that because I do want
to make a backup character at some point
in the near future it's never a bad idea
I hate Emma's - yeah I've already made
my Irene Adler I have to make my John
Watson now in your you know when you
have interviews for new character for
new people you're like and your first
name is Emma well you're in you before
sometimes everyone will be named Emma in
the next so based on what he tells us I
recommend to the group should we go back
ie not me do the talking and talk
someone with a higher charisma than me
or whatever it is in Cthulhu I'm to talk
to what's his name the penny foundation
about Gavin's got a Gavin yeah let's
have the person who had the Brotherhood
of the black Pharaoh because right now
I'm feeling cult and Spice Club
I had scheduled an afternoon tea with
him on Saturday and before relief derby
yeah yeah he was gonna have you over to
the foundation for a tea mm-hmm all
right that's in a couple days yes mm-hmm
and do we think it's wise I mean even
though the law hasn't well they they
staked out the spice club like what
other techniques sir officer that we
could do to see what's up at the spice
club I would not recommend going inside
at night well so here's the thing we
didn't like that's what to be fair so
this is it this is an evening club so
this is a dinner club no no we're just
one person oh yeah
well that place was stay you know that
place you weren't supposed to go into at
night this one you're supposed to go
into it but also Sahara
Shafiq or whatever her name is yeah yeah
her spice that one maybe you don't want
to go into at night I don't know could
be lovely could bang smells with cumin
well I probably but a cop so one thing
did you know is that if they stick if
they stake a place out there basically
watching who comes and goes right
they're not doing anything inside right
it might not be the worst idea and to
see if we can get a hook in bells and
Sue and and have her come with us she
knows more about those sorts of things
than we do also I should probably
mention she's been following us off and
on for the last week hmm
oh there's so another encounter - I saw
[Music]
mr. Gavigan he wasn't a hurry was he
yeah shortly after that wonderful
conversation that will not be mentioned
ever again
yes last time I was here yes because
were very British that way it was
walking in the park with my husband and
I saw him he was in a hurry to go
somewhere he was very nervous about
being followed - it's tempting to follow
him but dogs too tart but there's things
happening things are in motion mm-hmm
and I strongly suspect that we are
someone's pawns but someone else has
pawns on the board mm-hmm
do we split up and I watch penny oh
because he doesn't know who I am
mm-hmm and follow him you want to come
like he doesn't know who we are right
where has he ever in the hospital so we
could follow pendrive and I can and I
can check out the spice house mm-hmm and
you might come along good welcome
is it the supper club get some Egyptian
food
can we but it's it's it's a private club
right we wouldn't be able to get in well
you're English so you know that most
clubs you can buy a membership - right
you know no no usually it requires a
little more overlay of capital they also
that Club is in Soho so it's not exactly
upscale so it might be that you can just
pay to get in but here's a question as
someone who runs in various and sundry
circles are there clubs that I have
another ships in social clubs yeah
mm-hmm yeah even like this necessarily
may be speaky probably not well so there
aren't actually speakeasies and Broncos
we can drink but so supper club like you
have a supper club sure although after
the incident yeah you stopped going but
you kept up the min well I don't know
actually did your finances fall on some
hard times and you they fell on hard
times briefly and then I threw myself
into the other work right so heading to
the point where I was out pacing doing
all right yeah I was outpacing what I
made before sure
so you yeah you
you have a membership to a dinner club
it's it's a very it's much more
traditional it's much more Old England
the the the more as they would as they
would you for mystically say the more
ethnic supper clubs tend to be more sort
of like a nightclub kind of thing you're
clear your supper club would not have it
there's not entertainment you know it's
it's cards cigars and brandy you know
for after dinner someplace like the blue
pyramid would probably have you know
maybe belly dancing as much to say that
alright so we're gonna we're gonna do
some trailing for two days so and you've
got until Saturday that will go till
Saturday so for two days you guys trail
Gavigan he walks almost everywhere he
will leave every day at about 6:00 he
will leave the pen you Foundation and he
will walk to his flat which is a couple
miles away he takes a nice long
constitutional he does not seem to
notice you okay he and he will one
evening one of the two evenings you
watch him he will walk to a dinner club
not the blue pyramid he will walk to a a
very tawny dinner club and he will have
dinner there so you now have Gavin's
probably his home address okay and you
also know a club he's a member of okay
is relative schedule yeah both of you
make me a luck roll did you make it I
did okay mmm but I can't spend like that
amount of oh here we come on even you
can do it what is your what your or I
rolled like a fifty in my luck is really
funny Oh forty I just made it both make
the luck roll so so one evening after
you've seen Sabri go back you walk back
and you walk by the pinyon foundations
sir nuts or brats
that would get him get mr. Callaghan he
you walk back by the foundation and that
truck is there again out of the feriss
ferriss and Sons truck okay or again do
I know but the backs of you guys didn't
know because they weren't there okay so
there's a large front did we mention it
at some point well yeah they did yeah
they mentioned it there's a large truck
that says Ferris &amp; Sons on the side and
there's like two guys there there two
guys waiting and as you watch for a
little bit they bring out something they
bring out a very large crate mm-hmm and
they put the crate on the truck and the
crate seems very heavy okay
what day was this that was the second
actually train the truck sure we need a
car
I'm sure there are lots of cash yes yeah
you can get a cab and you tell the guy
follow you
[Laughter]
so yeah it's not a shake my cane you
just made it a cliche yeah all right um
you will let's see where does the truck
good techno plays good I can guarantee
you this probably I mean it's honestly
the human probably this is legitimate
business probably except moving crates
Friday night after supper club hours so
a good driver like well as you're
driving the driver will talk and he's
like Oh going down to the docks and he'd
drive it you drive to a the truck lets
off at a warehouse that is in an area
called Limehouse which is down far at
the docks and does the warehouse have a
name on it
one two three four five it's not there
is no sign it seems it seems like there
is the trucks so the truck pulls up to
the warehouse mm-hmm and the guys along
with some very swarthy gentlemen who
maybe are Southeast Asian will come out
and they will take the box inside to the
end to the warehouse okay and it's just
a one box just one box and I'd like to
wait
I mean what do you think Dave but I'd
like to wait until they leave and try
and get inside ie you get inside is
another I'm just saying you try the door
before you you know I mean what happened
okay a window could be open you don't
know until you try sir moral issues why
don't you try and my character issue
doesn't say sneak I don't know
does DARS I believe our stealth is
exactly the same so we should try it
again
Harry yeah there we go double the
trouble all right so it's about 10
o'clock at night okay I make it double
the truck takes off there are the lights
and the warehouse start to be turned and
start to turn off okay and both you make
spot hidden roles
wait oh no I did not make it well I was
very close that it did me know what
means I think we should both one of us
oh I made it though oh wow
would you like know me yeah but she made
it did you want to try if you want the
check and not only that - you got to
catch up to me sir I already have the
check yeah no I mean we do it just do it
yes I made it I get electrocuted on
there so with a normal success you will
you you thing I know they might not
still be sick what now yeah you can but
but you think there might still be
somebody in the warehouse that's a good
yeah oh I knew that's ok I 20
intelligence knows that just you know
find the open window and then weakness
okay yeah let's find the open window all
right so look I'm about to watch a
murder or a door yes you're yet so
you're a cop
so I'm gonna give this to you a droll
you have a feeling there's a night
watchman okay so we just rang it no
actually just look you see what you see
okay fine like the window is a little
wings up so you're either you have to
climb or you can boost turns off you all
right can do my flashlight in case you
needed not only if you need it make a
strength roll yeah oh I'm gonna get off
and get back on really want a bumble
here really wanna know but it was worse
and it's a 90 alright that's an Amy Oh
should I boost you you didn't fumble so
I'm not gonna ever fall into the
warehouse this time at this point I'm so
angry I'm just going in the boost thing
does not go well okay you're like she's
like why did you wear hee
I know I was thinking about that luckily
for you the night watchman rolled a 97
so he fell asleep he might be asleep for
all-around
sounds like he's asleep okay so before
okay so I'm gonna dressing door no I'm
gonna try the door let see anything cuz
you what's our cover story cuz I'm just
gonna like it's art try and walk in the
door and see what I see
and just pretend like I'm lost or
something what's the cover story in case
we get caught
can you call me a taxi that's a great
one why am I here to begin with not a
lot of not a lot of single unattended
women wandering around the docks oh gods
right amnesia that's right we woke up no
you don't have amnesia I have a future
well he wouldn't remember yeah how do
you know I'm gonna very very quietly try
the door don't make the door is wrong
with that Beach okay so I'm gonna go
back is there any other way to get in
there's a window can I get it alright so
are those me up those boxes over there
and stack them up and climb up like I'm
not sure you find something in to let
you climb it so you look in and is it
unless the window a little than 97 the
windows open oh sweet so you look in and
it's a warehouse full of boxes okay so
I'm like push me in
[Laughter]
happily I mean your oh wait up mmm okay
so I'm still I'm gonna like I'm gonna
say your what your boost I'm gonna say
you're about seven eight feet in the air
and you won't take damage what just know
the other side exactly I'm gonna totally
do like his you'd like a kid climbing a
fence you're gonna swing over and then
you're gonna lower yourself down and
hang like that and debate about how how
like how much is gonna hurt your feet
when you drop down and then I'm gonna
drop down all right exactly yes oh you
guys I'm gonna go quiet there we go okay
I'm outside anything else okay you are
in the warehouse sweet so I'm gonna go
to the door and open it form okay so
it's a big warehouse door mm-hmm oh I
thought there was like another door
inside a door you know like it usually
pickle up roll a small side door yeah
let's see I'm looking for small side
door oh good no conspire that inspires
would you roll 9000 so yeah you can only
you can only get better
41 so I'm still wandering around so yeah
they're in this hot place only has okay
so go back to the window I'm like sorry
bro you're on your own you're on your
own
well just
I'm not the one being here so Jitsu all
right so I'm gonna tell you you've got
to come into the window or there's just
no help
or you find out what you need to do and
then come back out this way no I'll
reach in and help you why are you even
here here's my flashlight can i my shoes
you'll make too much money beat you with
this outstanding stay outside or anyone
want your help now frickin 97 makes
me sad so when I get in there can I
figure out which box it is by walking
around like it was that I need smooth I
mean I figured I'm in Raiders of the
Lost Ark like this is just shelves of
large boxes all kind of look very
similar okay each one has a man effete
like a little thing saying mm-hmm
purportedly what it is okay you know as
a person of the world that is often you
know yeah what it is and what's in the
box so like we're pretty sure that
opening these boxes will alert so yeah
as I'm sure they're nailed shut
what is it take it Donna most of them
either dry goods or rugs a lot of rugs
okay a lot of very heavy rugs so what
I'm going to do is leave this one behind
and go I'm assuming the truck came in
through the door and then just try and
figure out because there's such short a
short period of time between the two I'm
gonna logic out the fact that the box is
probably closer to the door or far than
on a show sounds like person with 20
intelligent
there's a little case off to the right
and there is indeed one of those one of
those south southeast asian guys with
the newspaper over it okay good all
right and there's I'm not going to the
office seems why so tempted to but now
um so when I'm walking around like
what's in front of the door basically
like what's in front of the roll-up door
where the truck dock so there are a
couple boxes that look like they might
have been there one of them says that it
has one of his rug x' another one is one
is being shipped to shanghai okay and it
says it's t mm-hmm
one is being shipped teaching actually
all the ones you're looking are being
sent to Shanghai okay and to a warehouse
in Shanghai and can I take I'm going to
take down with the apperance yeah I've
got it you've got a warehouse address in
Shanghai now they're not being sent to a
name they're being sent to the warehouse
okay so it's not like a company name
right they're not being well yeah it's
it's being sent to the east wind trading
company or something like that
yes that in in Shanghai all right is
there a crowbar around here no no no
let's get out of here what do we know
it's a box
a lot of rugs yeah and T going to
Shanghai yeah sure there you find a
crowbar sitting right by the office just
gonna stand though no flip a coin ha
just have one here well there you go why
don't you go kill that guard then you
can open that up and I walk to the
window
with me fine fine fine fine
did she kills me I know I'm gonna try
and crack a little alright which one are
you opening the one of the Shanghai ones
I'm assuming yeah okay big one closest
to the door
gosh how would you open a box quietly
what would that be you just I'm gonna
say Mary I'm gonna say make a strength
room unless you you know what offer me a
roll I don't know
um religion seems unlikely offer me a
better roll Italian that's where the
swearing is I mean your strength isn't
terrible no you do the strength that's
great it doesn't matter I roll terribly
anyway you we got ice purse you El
DeBarge you sis nobody borrow this no
find ice very critical fail or critical
success or so just mediocre I would love
a fumble here just love it explode wrong
good okay well I didn't make it but it's
not terrible it's a 63 you could use its
aspiration yeah use it using aspiration
yeah inspection we haven't whom I am
just that's the lowest you've been on
inspirational well I am breaking and
entering
I'm breaking that's a folks I'm gonna
spend the next week coming up with what
it was an inspired one so I'm just super
Amy she can't she can't take the lower
role which would be 63 I didn't know
that's how we do it on the interior yeah
that's what you're doing a DD no you
roll a football rolled up I thought it
was you take the second because the
first plate that's how we've been doing
you're not tucking my fumble away from
me you you throw the crowbar and then I
rise me sir could you help me open this
job I am excited to see I want them all
to wonder all week just how this is
going to be I know you killed Dave so
you're saying I get out of this
predicament by killing somebody else
Dave leave the body there and they fly
away no I'll just make you an offer
yeah so next week first thing I'm gonna
skip announcements next week all right
I'm not gonna skip in here we're gonna
get to this fumbles the super Amy that
happened I for one can't wait say MA
thank you so much
next week YouTube giveaway Hefner you're
crazy we love you we love too many like
what do we get for taking my challenge
that the you know I don't do that to my
age that's all I'm saying we will see
you next week we're super excited don't
forget not one on Monday great show last
time D&amp;D game without combat that's my
kind of D&amp;D game Kaos agents next
Tuesday cool special Q&amp;A thing going on
be fun tweet us your questions can send
this tweet of cereal we're real curious
what you guys want to ask us because
we've all come up with blanks about what
we want to be asked it's real hard why
are you so great we've gotten that
question when time is far in that way
it's gonna be
unless you help us it's nothing
Emma blows up yeah spontaneous human
constant that might that's the leader in
the clubhouse right now go ahead put in
the comments what you think that fumble
is I'm gonna be so mad YouTube comments
fumble what should happen oh no what are
what are our quotes
oh yeah the second choice is for the
courts of the week a duck of death I
need a backup Kane I think me stabbing
myself is the least of the issues
they've got like three of them in a row
I don't want a shooter that's the
downside of shooting people those do
gonna go together we're gonna have to do
some terrible things for good it was
probably dark in the basement and no you
don't have amnesia
I never get any of this a clever thing
like epically dumb thing yeah it's funny
we're all a little loopy there might
have been a little too much sponsor beer
going around it was it was the problem I
didn't have any bad next week Aldridge
is drinking I said Amy is all is
currently possibly exploding yeah I'll
see we will see you next the frickin
goodbye is longer than the announcement
home everybody Cheers
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
