Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends it has been four
months since last we were gathered at
this table but welcome to quests and
Cthulhu yes it's been a while since I've
had a chance to say that thank you so
much for for clamoring for us to come
back and thank you so much for putting
up with our long delay it may shock you
to learn that scheduling a gaming group
for streaming is almost as complicated
as scheduling your home gaming group we
have some fun stuff going on today I
want to welcome back our cast members
we've got Amy and Jana joining us here
we'll have some surprises a little later
in the show introducing some new folks
you guys know the drill you've been
doing this longer than I have now I'm
I'm on a practice but Gordon Biersch
they are the sponsors of quests and
chaos because beer mm-hmm beer drinking
cider is more my thing but the beers
okay - I can say the water is terrific
Gordon Biersch does water my god you've
been holding out on yours I'm sorry
there's a joke about like bad beer in
there somewhere but it's not Gordon
Biersch beer we can talk about the beers
that don't sponsors yeah game castle we
love them if you preorder using our code
I think it's game castle in the chat
field yeah it can get 20% off your ously
order items yay yeah that's very
exciting our store is up and what better
for the conjurer Cthulhu character than
a flask you know you could you could
have a little something in there a
little sanity restorer in there too to
help you out it would it would be
wonderful
these are shipping soon so if you've
ordered them they are on the way and
make sure that you if you're gonna order
it go to quests and chaos dot-com slash
merch order them by October 1st prices
go up after that price
drink drink drink there's cheers to that
I hope you got a chance to tune in last
Sunday to watch carbon 21 85 Warren
you're an awesome GM I'm gonna say this
on stream I would play a game if
Warren's doing a one-shot I want in I
want to see it at the table
mmm that was that was really fun and I
want to see more of it and hopefully we
will see more of it
it's coming on tomorrow carbon 21 85
these two are part of the fund
Tiana's characters broken and we're
gonna fix it I've leveled up we've all
leveled up but yes I did I did miss Reed
a couple of the rules sorry I will
correct that tomorrow doesn't had a
rousing discussion about how many rounds
does a shotgun do please how many bolts
does a shotgun shoot I will tell you I
can shoot two two shotgun shells in less
than six seconds because shotguns are
fun but isn't that around six seconds I
in less than six seconds so that that is
the esteem to which I hold Warren is a
GM because let's be honest carbon 121 85
its D&amp;D but I have I or II enjoy don't
watch that it's tomorrow or it'll be on
YouTube check out carbon 21 85 I really
enjoyed it last but not least for these
we have some giveaways today oh yeah
we've got all sorts of crazy stuff we've
got a twitch giveaway and we've got a
YouTube giveaway the YouTube giveaway
you get some details so the twitch
giveaway we've got a copy of Sandi
Peterson's field guide to love crafty
and Horrors that's awesome but some cool
I want to just point out my favorite
part of this book I should have had it
open to this page there is a flow chart
in this book to identify Cthulhu Mythos
monsters so you know you could ask
yourself is it wearing Liping is it worm
like in shape Francois says yes is its
body composed of many separate spheroids
Francois says no in size is it
elephantine or larger may not obviously
that that code what I'm cooking I cannot
use that
so the flow chart walks you through
everything but the other thing you know
that just amuses me the art in this
movie is so annoying like really cool so
this is gonna be at the break
I'm guessing hashtag book but I haven't
seen it we do hashtag chaos now hashtag
chaos everybody can just keep entering
and understand there we go hey see you
leave for four months
things change in four months I'm sorry I
don't believe it I'm a doubter I don't
believe it's been four months I actually
wouldn't looked at the old YouTube video
because I watched the last ten minutes
where it said next week it was months
ago YouTube we love you we see you yeah
you're awesome you're York on your
comments asking when we were back like
an answer now but we have a special
YouTube giveaway so at the end of this
at the end of this episode I'm gonna add
an eyebrow mascara an Sur on YouTube
every answer is gonna is gonna get an
entry into the contest to win this
legends of Cthulhu action figure it's a
it's a cultist
so the emperor it's not like the emperor
that i don't know if you see the eyes
the eyes are like a weird like silver
colored over oh just sort of greeny no
you know cultists when you meet them
their eyes or but I'm in it just for the
Cthulhu staff I mean this oh he's got a
little Cthulhu mask that isn't attached
that's kind of cool it's so like the
humor in sending this out one of our
youtube people there are gonna be all
sorts of there are crazy rules and
restrictions I think it's only
continental US is that yeah pretty much
yeah sorry Alaska it is still part of
the continent damn it
just not mine just but so again YouTube
you'll get a question you'll answer it
in our YouTube comments you might win
this action figure
yeah we'll give it away next week we'll
announce it next week so it's so
exciting to be here on a Saturday before
when we did this it was a Wednesday
night playing games on a school night
just doesn't feel right it just doesn't
have that kind of a swing to it this
feels right it's Saturday night we're
losers we have nothing else haha we're
playing role-playing games if only we
were in somebody's basement that's the
there's no windows in here there's one
window I'm watching people follow it and
so thank you for sharing part of your
geek end with us we really appreciate it
and we're looking forward to a short run
and then a long run we'll get into the
schedule later it's a little messy yeah
so we've got some bits that we're up on
the screen a minute ago last time we the
party ended rather spectacularly with
two bits and yeah I actually wrote that
on the top of my head as well so those
are the fancy bits really nice we have
five hundred bits from either a really
cool e spelled name or Thomas is poor
spelling I'm not sure if I'm gonna try
it I like it a little bit of column B
winner win-win-win eart well that's what
it looks like but I the way you wrote it
a nice layout
it looks Welsh so we have Ivy this long
500 bits from winter Nightingale thank
you so much thank you to the Fine Gael
[Laughter]
Seth knows what's up yes he knows
thousand bits for Amy to waste thank you
so much and I look forward to wasting
and last but not least my critical
failure my favourite twitch user
squirrel on the run Hajin to somebody
near and dear to my heart you need so
thanks for keeping it in the family I
guess well I I matched Warren's on
YouTube okay I'm a Yankee for the book
cover I really appreciate it that's very
pretty yes I'm waiting my neaten my
needlepoint I'll put it right here
actually a key monetizing thank you for
giving my wife like Despres not worried
about all the work she has to do to get
ready for that thank you
squirrel on the run you're aces in my
book so where was I last week four
months ago last week I told genes
happened that I was gonna spend a week
planning what happened on Amy's
spectacular fumble because oh yeah for
those of you just joining us I opened
the box Amy what you're not supposed to
do ink along with along with our good
buddy Dave McGillicuddy had broken into
a warehouse well just in turn fired
trespassed into a warehouse where they
found a sleeping guard Amy wanted Dave
did not go in the warehouse Amy wanted
to Emma yes I have a mo it's a little
bit of a little bit of Colome a little
bit kinda Emma wanted to open the box
and found a crowbar right near Bionicle
II and in case it's been a while I'll
just remind you that we actually have a
stat for Amy and it's it's called
pulling and Amy and whenever Amy
inspires a roll
she then rolls worse yep and I keep
track of how many times she did that and
this hello this was the Amy to end all
this was the super Amy because she in
sailed the role and she used inspiration
and she fumbled so yep come with me you
will isn't even matter come with me if
you will to a small warehouse in a very
rundown ramshackle London neighborhood
there's a swarthy looking man asleep on
a chair off to the right
hasn't noticed you it's dark yep it's
scary I took my shoes off you did become
heels are yeah hain tana and then we we
see in silhouette Dave McGillicuddy
looking through the window that he
boosted you into I believe he was
telling you to come back he why we see
in silhouette Emma lifts a crowbar over
her head
and bring it down on the box and then we
cut to Emma's point of view as she looks
down at the box that she has just broken
open and as she breaks that box open
inside the box is a star-filled it's
black and there are stars it is full of
stars and you are sucked into that box
Dave McGillicuddy leaning over all he
sees is you suddenly just go move into
the box hey my shoes come too your shoes
are not with you
damn you are in a pair Sunday universe
you're at a place you're now starting to
become familiar with in a throne room
ya know have a recap I haven't we've
been there but you have been to the
black Pharaohs a throne room both of you
have yep I've been there a little more
often I think but yeah and the the
Pharaoh
he's reclining as he does and he he
looks at you and what does he look like
in this so he is
it's almost like an alabaster not
alabaster it's almost like a an ebony
statue I was come to life
so like the Egyptian it's it's a it's a
completely black he's dressed in a
Pharaoh's raiments that are gold and
black and his his it mu he moves likes
flesh and blood but it is clear that he
is made of stone you don't know the
well what do you mean it's like it I
thought the rules were if there's a box
open it if there's a book read it you
don't understand there's there's there
are levels to what is going on here that
you don't understand there are rules
that I must follow there are rules that
you must follow so let's just recap what
are the rules again like what are my top
five is this and am I having a Moses
moment where I need to get the tablets
out I'm like please sir continue you are
something called a constant okay there
are very few constants throughout this
universe
let me show you what your actions have
done he waves his hand and you are now
standing with him mm-hmm in that
warehouse okay
Scrooge kind you know Scrooge what the
goes yeah Christmas start the ghost of
you silent though tub statue you see you
yeah lift the crowbar up and bring it
down and as soon as the crowbar comes
down the box shatters open and are they
worms are they lightening some sort of
black lines start shooting out of this
box and everything they touch turns
mm-hmm doesn't even turn everything they
touch erases and there's just black left
where they are you look to your left
Dave McGillicuddy gone okay you look to
your right guy who was a guy who was
there gone
this is spreading out and the Pharaoh
says oh now watch and he lifts his hand
and you start to float up and you're not
flying over London and spreading out
from that warehouse is increasing
blackness mm-hmm oh and every once in a
while there's a tiny there you see two
or three dots of just white from your
very high up now but by the time this is
done
most of England is gone it's just
blackness and the Pharaoh says what you
don't understand is that your actions
have repercussions and these
you don't this world is ending you
are a constant you exist in manifold
different realities there's one other
constant in your group and as he says
that you show up and you are flying
above so the last thing you remember
you were in Europe art you were I don't
know I think you were in your apartment
yeah and you heard a sort of a light you
heard a rumble going through the city
and some distant noise and then all of a
well that's a great way to give a girl
vertigo and you then you feel yourself
lifted up into the sky over and you
watch this blackness spread out over as
far as you can see and then you see Emma
and the Pharaoh and they seem to be
standing on air and you are now just
standing on air and the Pharaoh says
allow me to demonstrate
and he snaps his fingers and both of you
now are back in that warehouse and the
Emma that is in that warehouse
is slightly different you can't put your
finger on it but there's something
different about her and with her is
Jackson Elias and they together are
prying open this box and inside the box
as they pry it open is some sort of
machinery that they manage not to break
and
I'm beyond trying to be I'm trying not
to make this feel like you're watching a
TV screen yeah but that is kind of the
thing here because now there's just
slices of reality that are showing you
this same moment happening thousands of
different ways and this is the only one
where mmm
for everything where everything is gone
sorry you see I have to follow the rules
just like you do if I'm to win this game
I have to win it fairly okay but I don't
understand what rules what rules do you
have to play by I'm thoroughly confused
it's not for me to explain the rules to
you I'm trying to win this game you're
however because of the rules you have
you must be returned because I was
explaining to your compatriot you are
both constants in every thread of every
reality you exist that's not true of
almost any other human being almost
every other human being and you notice
hmm in several of those slices there are
different people you don't recognize
okay some people exist in ten 20
different realities some people only
exist in one you both of you exist in
now because of the rules I have to put
you back put us back we're in the midst
of this in the midst of whatever the
hell you just unleashed sorry but never
let it be said that I am NOT a sporting
man and so he snaps his fingers in all
those slices of reality like clothes
like a deck of cards and they start
shuffling and then in front of you is
just a stack of realities and he says
you can pick you pick this time I
obviously mess that up big obviously
ended the world so my decision-making
paradigm is not fantastic what happens
if there's a version of us in every in
every reality in every set of choices
what happens to the version of us that's
in whichever one we choose won't it be
fun to find out
not particularly no you will you will
remember all of this oh good we can
avoid messing it up oh good my
disillusion I ended the world
oops sorry for the rest of my life but
in in a universe where we can keep it
from happening again now that's it don't
smash boxes remember it but it's it's
that whole you know if you could go back
yeah and I'm gonna like walk over and
look at the stack of realities and just
like lean I didn't grab it like cards I
can't see anything about them that's
right they're like they're there they're
like cards and the stack seems to go on
just four am currently all the way down
driving the ability to float around a
little bit yeah okay and there's nothing
else out here like I can't like it is
making yet pure a black field he sees
you like sorry
does this disconcert you well yeah I
mean do you live here I don't where's
where is this this is the reality you
have created you released the weapon
before it was time the weapon whose
weapon yeah I am NOT some mewling super
villain here to explain my grand plan
tier I get you Castle he read the evil
overlord West damn it I am here to
follow the rules of the game that does
not seem sporting at all that you know
what the rules are and we don't how can
we so a game where we don't know the
rules so your end game is to get the
weapon to be used at a certain point
that's your in-game when it's ready my
end game is to bring the Elder Gods back
to return the universe to its rightful
stance so then what is this weapon have
to do with anything well if it wipes out
realities well that's just if you break
it I mean I will give you this
that is not how that weapon is supposed
to operate that is what happens if you
take a finely-tuned precise instrument
and hit it like a caveman say I'm sorry
I ended the world I broke your weapon
I'm sorry everybody I'm sorry this is
because the Elder Gods want to roll
reality they don't want to kill it some
would argue with you how big Sontag your
cards forever there are infinite
realities like float down the stack a
little bit just in just looking at them
and seeing if there's anything that I
can pick out and just like that's a good
one which one the one you're in front of
look at it in that one Emma's already
lost a leg was it replaced with do you
turn into a pirate exactly that's my
question I'm like what a what's know
like most normal people you are
bedridden disarmed and for the relevant
okay that's another good one that one
Bell's kills you all I feel like that's
where this reality was heading yeah not
anymore I was about to say I was bra
full of dynamite was bound in determined
to kill all of us eventually I mean
you're not wrong I I get the impression
that if there's one that you say is good
it's probably not good for yes and I
like floating and look along it and like
Emma come help me okay
just just help me look if we both have
to live in the thing I'm not gonna have
you blaming me for it okay let's find
one where I have lots of money I'm super
attractive we're on the beach let's find
that one you're already super attractive
what do you want it's been a minute
speaking of it's been a minute we have
our patron the one the only the only the
Baroness as has gifted 500 bit and for
those of you who haven't seen this
before the very first time we did this I
made the when if you call yourself the
Baroness my mind immediately goes to GI
Joe and so every time the Baroness gives
us bits we have a
GI Joe moment and today's GI Joe moment
is one of the stupid I mean Cobra is
stupid yes they're just incredibly
establish this is what I'm gonna open
the box as well you know it's funny this
is kind of like a makeover also in one
of those decks let's break it again and
now you know but so the more you know GI
Joe kind of had multiverses as well
because they had two dueling comic book
series that had nothing to do with each
other and they had the cartoon yeah that
had nothing to do with the two comic
book series but in in one in actually in
two of the comic book series they had a
Cobra Civil War where my personal
favorite ridiculous character Serpentor
fought against this now this happened in
the 80s and it's dated so Cobra
Commander who is an awesome coward like
I don't know he was inspired by Saddam
Hussein or something but he he didn't
they couldn't figure out cloning despite
how many clones there are in the Marvel
Universe so instead he had dozens of
people get plastic surgery that would be
exact identical duplicates of Cobra
Commander
the sounds like ocean care solid then
one of those duplicates tried to kill
Cobra Commander and take over he had the
awesome name Fred 7 it was what was
their friend one through six guys were
Fred one through whatever and he was
just a mechanic in some I think an
Illinois or something
but he like somehow he got near Cobra
Commander
he had the same facial structure and he
killed Cobra Commander and he took over
but the problem was Fred knew nothing
about what Cobra was doing so like all
of the sudden it was like Cobra
Commander being like and hello you guy
your job in this fine operation and in
the one smart thing Serpentor ever did
he said you're not Cobra Commander and
Cobra just started fighting itself
mm-hmm so the Cobra Civil War you can
you can look it up on the on the on the
internet or watch next week with me and
Cobra Commander it's wait a minute
am i seven fred seven hold on I hadn't
even thought about that
that's a Baroness it is so great to be
back and so great to have you back with
GI I haven't thought about GI Jordan in
a while right so you're not realities
and perhaps perhaps a another metaphor
would work for you and he waves his hand
and now instead of sort of this infinite
deck of cards there's now just an
infinite panel of doors
oh no and both of you make make
intelligence rolls now I'm like where's
my other one there it is okay it's
really high with this 149 out of 80 all
right
the this door is very familiar to you
like the doors are all identical mm-hmm
it's very familiar to you I like walk up
to it and look at it poke at it a little
bit it's a it it's it looks it's got
there's a number on the door every door
[Music]
does that number mean anything to me you
didn't get a hard success no almost but
not quite
these are anything coming out from
underneath the door light darks and
you don't see anything coming in say you
don't see anything under there I mean
you could try listening at the door or
what's my listen actually I would
like to do a listen checkup sure that
is a success you hear the sounds of
struggle coming from the other side of
that door I want to correct something I
just said it's room for 10 wait a minute
I'm not smart enough to know what this
is
well yeah you got a 20 and tell you know
do you know what it is though yeah I do
dammit you hear the sound and you do
this at you will you listen it like four
of the doors
actually it's is it fourteen twelve are
you saying it's four ten it's for ten
okay then I don't know what it is
because somebody I know was in room 14
twelve do the voices on the other side
sound familiar at all like anyone that
I've it doesn't say nobody's talking
there's a lot of like okay but I can't
like pick up any voices and any hint of
voice in that nope there's too many
choices if we listen it all the doors
does it all kind of sound every single
door sounds this okay damn it but
something about this door in particular
seems really familiar well Emma would
open it but Emma's also destroy the
universe so Emma's not gonna do anything
you were willing to tell us about some
of the others what can you tell us about
this one
anything at all the door you're standing
in front of yes I do this to kind of
no I think through that door you will
relive some of the best and worst
moments of your life well this is a new
one so we are all three gonna roll off
and these five hundred bits are going to
the person with the highest roll all
right are we rolling it this is from
Lucifer percentile all right
so liberals higher or lower I have a 72
I have a five are we aiming higher low
you want to spend some information on
that no I do know 84 there you go Thank
You Leo I like that that's a good stick
yep also I'll be in his neck of the
woods in a couple weeks I'll be going to
Poland so hopefully we can that'd be
cool
so anyway all right well I mean there's
no guys there's no such thing as time
out here but I don't want to hang out
with creepy man creepy much longer
yes I'm talking to you about you I might
touch his arm
what's a Melanie you touch his arm make
a power roll percentiles yeah I know
she's gonna find them in the it's hard
to see her dice when they're completely
clear yeah well those are the cheater
dice actually these are kind of as
well oh I miss it but just barely by 300
so when you touch him mm-hmm it's like
static electricity okay you like you
know you touch him and then there's that
yeah that's Oh where'd you go through
different doors no okay
the fun part about that is that every
door you go through you are connected to
each other I'm so sorry I did this I
accidentally ended the world this world
sorry there's no use crying over spilt
milk on that one let's let's just choose
a door oh and this one this one feels
familiar to me okay know why but as long
as he doesn't like it
we're I'm good he said that I would
relive my best and worst moments well
that makes me think Peru yeah again but
I'm not gonna spend eternity floating
out here because that seems incredibly
dull what happens when you open the door
do we have to actively walk through it
or as soon as we touch the handle it's a
choice there's one way to find out I
know I don't care for it just think I
could blow the world up again and we
could just do it all over again
floating in front of you is a crowbar be
my guest
please don't okay shall we okay I'm
gonna be like redo and like reach over
and take Emma's hand because I feel a
little uncomfortable out here all right
touch the door the doorknob you are in
the hallway of the Empire Hotel it is
January yep January 15 1925 yep your
hand is on the doorknob to the door of
Jackson elias's hotel room yeah standing
with you is Emma and three other people
that you simultaneously intimately
recognize and have no idea who are and
with that I'm gonna introduce you to our
new players first come join us
music music play professor Joan lamb we
have Julie Hall hey Julie next playing
Silvio he didn't remember his own last
name far too long
Nick watt rose and you may remember him
from our fiasco session Tom Oh kiss is
gonna be playing Donald Concannon Donald
sotell Donna you can mispronounce it
along with me ha the table feels right
again there's more people here so
welcome everybody so we have all of
these you all have been together some of
you just from Peru some of you have been
together before that what I want to do
now is I'm gonna ask each of you to tell
me about one adventure exit you had with
one of the other players so let's start
with Julie Julie tell me about an
adventure you had with somebody at this
table well I know Emma Emma helped me
when I'm an archaeologist and I had a
relic from the Second Empire stolen from
me right as I was about to to auction it
off to the highest bidder and her and
her department helped me get the relic
back and she let me get a few punches
in
they took them over him away so for that
I've been in so we did things in New
York so I've been in her deck since then
all right so what tell me about a skill
you used in that in that adventure like
what's something you did something I did
in that adventure all right well you
know other than could be punching it
other than punch in the gut but that was
that was the big thing that was that you
know I could verify the item to make
sure it was the item and
that I needed and knotted and got it
back
so the Egyptology that so are you
thinking
so archeology appraisal what do you want
like what skill did you use yeah
Egyptology being able to okay too
so make me an Egyptology role so this is
a skill check and in colleague a fool
ooh when you this is the advancement in
Cthulhu so you're gonna roll this skill
check and you're going to you want to
fail this role I'm gonna fail yeah if
you fail you want to fail fail fail fail
486 76 that make it 76 out of my
Egyptian hieroglyphics 65 so so wait you
failed hieroglyphics so this was like
like well whatever so you failed so you
gained a d-10 to that skill oh sweet so
roll a d-10 there's one in your yep I'm
just gonna get that out of the way
orderly people a song so you get seven
points to that skills Emma what's a
skill you used in that adventure
oh probably hang on a second let me
look at where is I'm like I can't
remember let me look at my skills Oh
so let's just do spot hidden all right I
mean cuz the guy had it under his coat
and he was walking kind of funny I'm
innocent of somebody else that we knew
with a big stick this is a PG stream oh
no all right so at make a skill check
for spawn second where's my authored so
you can tell it's been four months
nobody else has nice work 57 so I
actually succeed by everything yep yeah
yeah it's a fun sentence yep succeed so
you gain a detail you get a d-10 to your
spot hidden alright okay so I get oh
that's eight nice nice
too bad math what's it's fun to watch
people Tim 72
Wow 72 spot hidden yeah I can see some
stuff good you may not want to because
98 still sees nothing
ninety-eight is like putting me two
needles through your own eyes or in your
own sign yep
Nick Dave tell me about an adventure you
had with somebody at this table
so I ever really asked why but actually
a bunch of us ended up we're in the
sewers and it's great of course the best
decision you can make when you're in
suicide to swallow it up into into small
groups and so God we split the party oh
and I got we broke off and was quieter
that way yeah but you know we're going
and I kept saying we should go back and
then the next thing that I know out of
the water just teeth I just saw teeth
and I I took off all right so what is
the skin what does a skill you use there
okay are you gonna have a fleece kill
feels like a dog skill I would do a
Dodge sure yeah make a dodge skill check
okay is it what what's you want to miss
dawn jog yes yeah I missed it all right
so you get a d-10 to your dodge how did
you avoid this wall of teeth that swamp
alligator means run so it's a sewer
alligator so I like and you know who
knows if it was or not but you've just
rationalized to where it was a sewer
alligator were you in Florida it was uh
okay so what skill you would have also
run I was thinking still but I like oh
my gosh shows so you like tried to
disappear you like hey yo goes still so
so like you essentially at one point you
like slid down a side hallway and you
like plastered up against the wall and
this lumbering horrible hopefully it's
an alligator thing went down the foot
the main hallway like chasing after a
bipedal alligators
commonly known so go ahead make a skill
check on stealth stealth yep oh yeah I
failed that all right you get a decent
stealth all right so like this one which
is it's just ten yeah yeah that's time
sweet
chi-ching Alexandra tell me about an
adventure you had with one of these
characters
well Donal and I don't like to go into
too much detail on one what exactly
happened but it was it was lord
Pennbrook summer estate that's right and
he like yeah
1920 no 20 I think yeah do you and I
think that's right and so what what was
the what what give me the the bullet
points of what happened here
they're supposed to be just the lord and
his assistants there mm-hmm
but it was a summer party so we had
rather more to deal with and we had then
we thought was going to be necessary
all right tell me about a skill you used
in that well probably my strongest
memory at the end of all of that was was
that him the two of us in the drawing
room after everything was said and done
me playing the piano him played him
playing the violin and me singing quiet
moment after work yeah before the messes
were cleaned up yes so I would say music
okay music skill roll oh yeah no I'm 99
yeah you be you get addy tend to your
music skill get him out I'm at my house
let's get him out of one what's tell me
about a skill you used them he had to
dress up fancy for the party which is
that something he's really good at so
disguises okay so he's got no disguise
right so make it disguise role or fail
in disguise role and I think he made he
made it not a three I guess he fit to
look the part
yeah all right so yeah all right tell me
about an adventure you had with
Professor lamb professor lamb let's see
so so shortly after the Peru situation
and after Donnell had a execute himself
from an unfortunate prison
arrest that he was dealing with he had
found somebody who had some stuff that
looked like it was great ancient
artifacts sort of thing on the slide and
Donald purchased it and brought it to
the professor but it turned out it was
some stolen merchandise that somebody
was looking for and so the two of us had
to figure out did we sell out
give it back it was what did you think
we that would sell it so we made a
little profit off man at the expense of
somebody else who was stolen from all
right tell me about a skill you used in
that not illicit not getting smacked in
the face maybe a praise or something
with the law Donal are you acquired it
so he acquired it but he got it he he
bought it from somebody at a
sleight-of-hand who was a what a
discount it was too good to be true
oh yeah some situations they had to sell
it so I'm trying to think whatever that
would be
I'd say either appraised or credit
rating how about I'll do prize okay so
making a praise these praises five well
don't leave no idea how what it's worth
and he did not all right so you had a
d-10 to your appraised five and
professor what's the skill you use yeah
I was appraised you came to me with the
all right the item let's see if you had
more of an idea what it's worth
did better than zero zero zero you tried
to sell it to the guy that it was stolen
from yeah he came to me and said he
needed the island so you get a d-10 to
your appraised what did you charge him
more yeah ten percent markup zero all
right you get Ryan points to your phrase
I'm so annoyed only got one one to that
now whatever and what tell me about an
adventure you had so it wasn't really an
adventure I mean everything I do is
somewhat of an adventure like blowing up
the world and whatnot but how we met
Donald or how we
to be really good acquainted was on the
Peru trip when we were at witch doctor
Island or when some people were at witch
doctor I was like buddy I need some
vodka like I can't handle what was it
weird aura oh they're they're weird yeah
like like I'm calling the Cusco sours at
this point and I'm like so it was
basically yeah yeah so I don't know how
you did it but you got not only a bottle
of vodka brought in from Russia
you also got a case of Irish whiskey wow
that was and the vodka was just there
with exactly like here take this crap as
a bonus one of the bottles yeah so what
other than cirrhosis of the liver that
you used in that Oh would you like charm
him to do this or did you persuade yeah
probably say it's persuade I don't know
if charm is even a skill not for you so
if that does true but that's make it
that's nine I actually will wait what is
my purse wait I have none where's the
peas on this thing lMNO after own
operate heavy machinery it's ten I
missed it by like made it by one well
you did such a good job for him
I mean he probably felt bad for me
because I mean what's a skill you used
in mind again elicit that ELISA ELISA
difficult to find difficult to find rare
I was thinking he would think charm but
intimidate makes more sense given the
circumstances so I mean a charm sure
let's try to make a charm skills it's 15
on charm and failed that all right so
you get a d-10 to charmers and six nice
so so yeah cheers to that
I guess draw and so all of you have been
to various levels connected before some
of you before the Peru trip a few of you
before the pre-trip and some of you
after the Peru trip you've always kept
in touch and you always kept in touch
with Jackson Elias who was with you on
the Peru trip and
you have all come to the Empire Hotel on
January 15th 1915 to room 410 because
Jax and Elias sent you a telegram saying
that he had important information about
the Carlisle expedition and that he
wanted to see you all as often happens
Alexandra took the four and you are all
many of you were down at the bar and it
was about ten minutes after you were
supposed to meet him and Alexandra was
like why you know what's going on here
and she just started to head up to his
room and you all followed along and your
hand is on the doorknob but we know but
we know you both know exactly what
you're gonna see when you open that door
okay actually I don't because I like I
saw the pictures but Alexandria wasn't
there oh that's right okay that's right
then I usually exactly what you're
charged right pass like I'm just gonna
be like look out lady and kick that door
in all right yeah what oh so she but you
don't know I'm not even roll it yeah you
bust opened the door and there is your
good friend Jackson Elias is dead is
lying dying on the bed he has been
carved open from chin all the way down
he's been beaten savagely and there is
some sort of mark you know it very well
that has been carved in his forehead you
also see in the window a gentleman in a
a a robe and a bloody club like climbing
out the window onto the fire escape and
as the door bursts open he's like and
he's like trying to hurry out I go what
so to initiative yeah so in Call of
Cthulhu your initiative is your decks
and so I'm just gonna call out Jax's
starting at my index in May and we'll be
we'll be going down from there so 90s
eighties sanity all right
Donald's the speedster well Donal will
go to his good friend Jackson wise first
alright it serves reaction to see if
he's alive is he's somebody can do so
before me
that everybody make me a spot hidden
role ok succeed I got a hard success
nice ok yeah yeah alright success yeah
also I I still have checks from four
months ago what do you want us to do
with those we'll deal with it ok fair
enough deal with it you know I often
don't like to just interrupt with bits
but this one is just so awesome that
I've got to do it right away so this is
1,000 bits from our good friend is -
sure ah see how cool and the reason for
this I think I'm just gonna write out
agree with these is a thousand bits -
Ren
slash Tiana because red looks great in
purple
thank you you you know when you're right
you're right thank you Andrew glad you
you know that goes with your your book
cover down yes it does
alright so you who you made a hard
success yes right with a heart success
the the guy in the doorway has a sheaf
of papers with him okay he's got like in
one hand he's got like some there's some
blood spatters on them but he's got a
some papers and he's starting to head
down you go to Jackson Elias Elias is
alive ish
he is heaving on the bed
his eyes are sightless a he's lost a
tremendous amount of blood and he's just
in in terrible shape in your line of
work you've seen some pretty awful
things this is this is on the list of
worse things you've seen and so yeah
you're at his bought what are you gonna
try and like help him somehow assess if
there's anything I can do for Jackson
and if there's nothing I can do for him
I'll just kind of try to calm him okay
I'm sorry I'm sorry Jackson I'm sorry we
weren't here sooner
okay there we go yeah that is what you
were doing guts that was 80s 70s 75 I'm
after the guy alright I know how this
ends and I want to
those damn papers you've heard the story
of ha well that's true I've heard as
I've heard the story and I saw the
pictures yeah and I was at the funeral
so a few knurl so are you just trying to
tackle him what are you doing cuz
it's a small hotel room so you can reach
him
okay oh man I've missed the fast and
furious yes I know time to do jets in
the backyard they're great we love money
for the car chase mm-hmm that's true
I want to go after him with with that
with my knife do I have one of my
stilettos with me sure okay I wasn't
sure what what I carry are you gonna
like throw it are you gonna no I'm gonna
close with him okay so you wanna you
wanna I will I'll allow you to take a
swipe at him this round with
disadvantage okay do it
all right so just for people who haven't
played before can we can we use
inspiration to cancel out the
disadvantage no but you can use
inspiration to re-roll it so advantage
and disadvantage in Cthulhu is adding an
extra tin to your die and if you have
advantage you take the better of the two
tens if you have disadvantage you take
the worst of the two tens so in this
case she's gonna roll two tens dies and
whoo well it's not a fun ball but it was
close
all right so so we would it was it was a
three and a ninety three so I love mr.
Jackson Elias all right he's better than
my character I don't know Thomas was
playing well I'm talking character all
right yelling Rios a rule don't let him
go so reroll you're nine no she's real
still bad sorry
but you so you come moving up it's it's
a cramped hotel room I'm trying to get
him away from the egghead right he's
like halfway out the window mm-hmm so
you come up and you just try and take a
swing at him and you like slice you get
a slice into the Rove okay but that's
about it so that's any other 70s 60s 60s
um I'm actually gonna go look at the
round the other room make sure there's
nobody else in here okay so I don't want
to get surprised sure you come bustling
through the door and it's like I said a
small hotel room there's a restroom so
well you know it's a fancy hotel
bathroom and you you there's nobody
else in the room make me a spot hidden
rule yes
it's 43 so you notice on the on the on
the bureau
you see a matchbook okay but that's the
okay that was 60s 50s yep all right yeah
I run over to Jackson and I'm just no no
no no no I don't start tearing up sheets
and trying to alright yeah you are you
[Laughter]
yeah you start like I mean this is
beyond bandaging but you're still trying
yeah you're just like you know yeah
totally and yep and then me I'm gonna go
for Bob's leg to try and pull him back
in nice alright so I'm gonna say make
a make a fight roll like brawl versus
he's gonna dodge he got a pretty good
roll 88 so you like come up to rush it
him to grab his leg and you're a little
afraid of the swipe of her knife so you
kind of do you know you you you veer off
to the side a little also on a 50 he he
yells something down in is anybody speak
Arabic you can make an Arabic roll and I
knew some one of the new characters have
taken that
you know okay he but it's definitely
Arabic you recognize that he says
something in Arabic and he will he will
start to move down the fire if he gets
out he's out the window and he's around
the bend to the stairway down because
the fire escape is essentially like down
and then around em down and so he's
ready to start heading down um
the window is gonna be somewhat
restrictive one of you per turn can go
out the window because it's not that big
actually
oh oh if because some of you who are
different sizes you can make a size roll
to maybe get a second person through but
it's unlikely alright that is the end of
the round so we go back to Donnell at
the eighties so you're gonna I mean drug
you're just gonna stay with Jess Josey
it was here with Jackson or Lonnie
Donnell needs to act okay the girls are
at the women at the window yes he said
go out the front door okay on the
hallway and try to race down okay yeah
they're the real exit okay you are
heading out so this is the fourth floor
so let's excuse your cardio alrighty
we're heading down I mean running down
there and you are so you figure that
there's this fire escape is like an
alley on the side the hotel itself is on
seventh Avenue it's not it's an okay
hotel but this is a side alley where the
fire escape comes down yeah so Chelsea
no this is the empire hotel okay this is
a different hotel because last time it
was the Chelsea Indiana he had I think
he was on the 14th yeah I'm like 1412
got it
fourth floor yeah okay
uh you are heading down that is no
problem 70s I'm chasing him okay so you
are out I wonder yeah let's do this as a
chase so
Call of Cthulhu actually has a strong it
has chase where's the music yeah I know
so this is what this is gonna be many is
dueling decks rolls so good ooh yeah
it's probably to go better for you than
him
so what we're gonna do is I'm just so
you're you're not gonna be involved in
the chase you're doing something else do
you want to be involved in the chase
understand what you ain't trying to
patch him up I'm gonna be okay uh
everybody who's gonna be involved in the
chase yes should make me a gosh what's a
common sense role make me an
intelligence rebel can i I got a
critical success so we're gonna my goals
to be involved into chase though cuz I
know this yeah that's tres
I got critical as well well actually so
you because that's really one who's
there
so you've got like an edge of tomorrow
thing going well you're like the guy
goes there so I go here yeah and Wantley
that too like I already know his license
plate yeah if it's the same license
plate it is the same car yeah you donate
me yeah so like so what did you what do
you then we'll deal with you separate
okay cuz you're yeah you know all of
this yeah like I know like and as this
is happening in your head you're like
two steps to the left you know that sort
of thing yeah so I'm working at a slight
disadvantage because I wasn't here last
time right yeah you you heard you've
heard the story yeah about this okay so
you got a critical unit success okay um
yeah I could have go critical nice okay
so with a critical success both of you
probably have very different ideas about
this but in your head you're like should
someone tell the cops and again based on
things that have happened one of you
might have a very different answer than
yeah yeah no my responses are you
kidding okay all right so now everybody
that's involved in the chase which i
think is you too and you're gonna be a
separate thing so you two both of you
did anybody did you make it if you made
it I mean it thumbs up I rolled a 99 I'm
about to face plant all the fires all
right well he didn't fumble so here's
what happens
make me a ha
make me a dodge roll a dodge roll yeah
get out of the way before I crushed
dodge boo so yes okay it's that one time
so be 30 yeah nope
all right so Alexandra like just you
have never seen her this upset about
something which reminds me I have a
question for you
Oh does this Alexandra have her voice
did everything in Peru happen the same
way yes okay so you've only seen her
this upset one time and that was in the
wind she swin she left the group after
Peru yeah I reconnected with everyone
earlier than the previous Alexandria
because I I think because you and you
and I had talked about this but if
you're still okay with that yeah that's
good that donal had come and visited her
periodically in the four years since and
talked her back into being reconnected
with the world by the way anybody who's
watching I made a whole point of saying
Cthulhu has chase rules I'm totally
ignoring them so look them up on your
own good this is this is what I do I
just make up rules to make things faster
and more fun arch fun so so yeah you
have only she is just barreling forward
like completely like irresponsibly and
so this this guy like makes it down the
first flight and she's she tries to do
that I'm gonna flip over the the
Bannister thing and jump down and like
she's gonna jump off the you can see
that she's gonna miss her mark so you
have a choice
you can keep you can make it up to the
guy and you know she's gonna go flying
over or you can like grab her and stop
her from dying I'm gonna grab her stop
her okay you don't need to roll so you
um you know so but the fumble means that
you don't get the chance to get closer
to that guy right but the two of us
together right yeah yeah you stopped her
from flying over you may or may not like
appreciate that no III think I think
when she grabs me I come enough to him
to my senses cuz I'm still completely
discombobulated from being out in the
universe and now here and this is going
on and oh my god everything's wrong but
I'm grabbing me brings me back enough to
be like I almost died that's a long fall
yep fourth floor yeah all right you're
staying with Jackson alright so what how
how does your knowledge of all this play
into it are you just like you know are
you gonna still go down the fire escape
are you gonna no because he gets away
okay I'm Bo interesting so according
to you he everything is predestined yeah
alright yeah so I can yeah so I'm
playing I don't think you can change the
future well here's the thing is that I
don't think I can change the future in
this immediate moment okay I'm thinking
10 steps ahead okay I can't change the
future every time like this is it going
well Dreiser is approving just this
world jump like frickin morning exactly
like this one's docked alright so
basically you're sort of just watching
from up no I'm not watching up
Alexandra we need to go to the juju
house huh so you three are just like
what the hell
I like her and go we set it on fire this
time and she said I'm down let not very
calmly and was just like ignoring the
guys like we need to go to the juju
house yeah we do he's gonna get away he
gets away we can't cut him off we can't
chase him why not I mean funny we've got
the cops are crooked they're gonna pin
it on another guy it's a whole thing
don't ask me the papers though Donnell's
running down the halls you're gonna be
the one change I was let down we'll go
we'll pick him up around the corner
alright so you two are having this
kind of yelled conversation while you're
so that slows you to getting down so he
is getting away the guy is you see a
corridor when there's a car down there
okay yeah that's right she's just very
calm he says he's gonna get away yeah
you're never gonna catch him I don't
worry about it
so the car he gets to the car and he he
like jumps in the window you come around
the corner right as the car is starting
up what are you doing I see the car in
front man you see the car in front of
you do it run towards the car but try to
not get him play the song you're playing
chicken with driver side okay no the
driver is aiming free the drivers like I
want to get out of here so he's just
like eight he's driving he's gonna go
through you how much room do I have here
dude didn't have you it's an alley so
I'm gonna say you have about maybe five
feet on either side I'll try which we
learned that's where you gotta reach
duck to the side Suda's here hit by the
car obvious okay
so you're not trying to stop the car
like just a guy alright yeah okay this
is show specials are you diving out of
the way at the last minute are you early
enough that he isn't taking chances okay
all right but I won't even ask for a
rolled in so wait let me rephrase that
if you're gonna do something try and
stop the car we're gonna need a roll but
if you're just trying to get out of the
way the guard away look at the drivers
license plate okay she can tell you it
alright so yeah you died on the way the
car goes rowing past you have the
license plate number you're you're all
set in that regard
all right I'm going to climb it climb
back up just like red in the face
furious he's being like we can't catch
we didn't catch him the last time he did
his power with you last time you guys I
know this guy
well Donald return to the room you guys
know this guy yeah he was he's Bob
from Peru right right it was yeah it was
from through so in Peru there had been a
a cultist who had showed up at a bar and
that was this same guy who threatened
Dustin told us to leave Peru hmm he now
came after Jackson Elias is Donal here
you're gonna be up in a minute yeah
Jackson Elias passes away you mean I
stopped the bleeding on the floor he was
gonna be like he I wrap him enough I
won't notice it that's true yeah it's
like a mummy and I had to cover some of
the face anyway so can the next episode
be the mummy of Jackson lie on the
forehead was this mark Bailey okay
that's it hmm I actually hear you don't
trying to trying to find all the things
that's the show have a quick one more
time I almost have it it's coming yeah
okay thank you sir and it is carved into
my memory to his work as what I do with
one of those curved with that with one
of those clubs that you saw they had
yeah it takes curve despite its it's a
spike club with like a curved spike
coming out of it
mean business nasty business all right
I'm gonna pull Emma aside because we
haven't had a chance to talk about any
of this and be like
we need to make a plan we need to figure
out what to tell them about what we know
because there's only so long that
they'll be willing to go along with
anything as I okay
remember them and don't it's weird
I don't like this yeah it's kind of it
feels self-defeating because I'm
watching my life happen again and the
last time when we were in this room we
couldn't chase him fast enough and who
schmuck Tavia shot at him and it's still
don't I mean nothing happened
yeah so there's a journey I mean he was
gonna get away or he's gonna get away
that was a minute that's a very notice
that I can't I couldn't Irish so what
can we change then Austin we can change
the things that we can change and again
this is just me be a little bit more I'd
be a little bit more aggressive with the
juju house because we know the cultists
and it's the center of activity there
I'm not going down into that basement
again okay so they are having a very
weird conversation we're trying to be
quiet that like we're not really having
a lot in the hallway
yeah let's go to the hallway yeah no but
I'm slightly distract I'm telling you
guys let me talk to you guys it's like
it no we gotta get the police in here we
gotta get this this dick that was that
like stick my head back into the hotel
room and go
cops are crooked yeah everything you're
saying is in this weirdly declarative
way of just like don't you know yeah but
if no it is here they're gonna know
these police in this district and you
believe me because I'm a detective and
that my my own brother's a cop and etc
etc so this is why I'm trying to
persuade you that I know the cops in
this district and some of the lead
investigators here are shady as hell
alright and that we need some of it or
not parents so I started wiping down
everything so you're cleaning the room I
like this one Jim sometime so you stir
its how are you gonna dispose of the
linen
oh no no no no no that wiping your zone
traffic yeah okay oh yeah no no no I'm
I'm I'm cleansing the room okay getting
it getting rid of art in art influence
yeah yeah yeah yeah the big thing for
sure I had plenty fingerprints
everywhere now from yeah he's yeah I'm
just like trying to stop them I mean I
probably covered in blood you know what
we're working with you bleach come on
let's go the cops you so you come up and
they are in the hallway having a
discussion em out Alexandria I got the
license plate number we can track the
car let me guess
Katie 25 you know I saw him as he like
fell out the window it's yeah well you
you have your brother he can track the
license app for us we can track this guy
mm-hmm we could get this girl we can
well let's go okay let's go weird
you are leaving dead Jackson Elias like
that word I love you Jackson no we're
not gonna call the normal cops and I'm
rather not stay with the rokuko' cops I
know your bro did you call Dave
it's like I think I've cleaned it up
guys take a look and don't don't worry
Donna I understand good she says I think
I've cleaned it up with like Knicks
characters like shakin with the guy
kinds of papers so the Jacksons paid
okay okay you you remember exactly well
you remember what you found for yeah we
remember we remember what was missing
well no you remember what you cuz you
didn't get all remember they got away
with some stuff but you found like you
have the picture of the boat mm-hmm yeah
Shanghai the and you found some stuff
about the Carlisle expedition we also
know about the matchbook so a Shanghai
dad a letter from a guy named Warren
Bess art you also had okay
a guy that was in Cairo all right is
this the same guy from Peru
yes
this is the same guy from Peru Bob yeah
Bob
the one who came to the bar and said
well yeah I mean he's weird-looking its
first step one
wonder what Jackson did to piss him off
well probably we probably was asking the
wrong sort yeah I mean we were nosing
around and proving he told us to leave
I'm sure the same thing happened to
Jackson getting into something Jackson
wouldn't quit Jackson don't know when to
quit
no so you all know that Jackson Elias is
an author and has written several books
he wrote a book a thinly-veiled book
about your adventures in oh yeah that's
right I forgot what did Jackson say
about me no it was mainly about you
drinking yeah and he you knew that you
know that he'd been working on another
book about death cults about cults in
Africa hmm probably did not encourage
that yeah you're like hey look it's your
life by the research at least our
research on says we're cleaning up or
I'm cleaning up right do I find anything
else that could help us it looks like
the room other than that match bar
matchbox women magic cleaned up she um
we need to get out of here yeah now fine
let's go
so I so what am I wearing what I was
wearing that day or am i wearing what I
came through though no you're wearing
what you were wearing that day okay so
you know I just want to check on this
side of the e everybody seems okay with
just leaving this body here are you I'm
no but I'm also kind of in shock right
just kind of like body work so people
are leading me along then I'm gonna grab
him and like cleanest like basically
like he's my manchild my new toddler
right now like nanny him yeah and I
totally clean his hands or whatever you
know she says if that's corrupt it's bad
I'm like okay I'm there if like I'll
take my overcoat and put it over him to
kind of cover all the bloodstains that
it has and you're just be like yeah it's
okay we're gonna get out of here alright
so yeah come on guys alright so yes as
not here like going through the the
lobby of the hotel
good no all right so you're starting to
freak out as you darting well as you
like in the lobby it's like if you feel
like everyone is looking at you and
you're covered in the blood of a dead
man
hmm so I'm gonna pull you're on both
those things are opportunity true yeah I
can feel everyone's you are Olivia
you're you're you're the only piece of
evidence that exists to this what are
you doing Oh probably hyperventilating
shaky yeah so I'm gonna pull the coat
around him and be like Alexandra get on
the other side of him and just kind of
like bear hug him out the door
you get him out all right so we're gonna
now we're gonna do some abstraction here
of New York so what what follows we kind
of go into a montage of the three of you
become you know at times bewildered at
times impressed as these two are like we
go here we do this
Bam Bam and they seem to know exactly
what to do and when to do it so you
leave the hotel and where are you gonna
go to the dudes are gonna go to the juju
house no not immediately okay I'm so we
don't have drinks you said drink no but
but but but we have we have we have my
apartment yeah my I'm gonna drink there
and we're OOP we have my flat let's go
there okay so yeah you you regroup there
all right what tonight you're gonna yeah
okay look cuz he's gotta to have a
change of clothes we've got to get him
settled down and fixed up and then we've
got to discuss yeah so guys how are we
gonna get these guys so you know let's
just bullet point it what are you gonna
do to the juju house he could help you
with that huh after you just explain a
doll very very in great detail why we
have to do this I look forward to wait
till I come up with it I'll lean in
mm-hmm I'm curious so you know that I've
been doing some of my work in the last
few years
I knew a lot of a lot of things have
circled back around and tied to Bob and
the juju house you get yourself in worse
trouble you know thinking about this
okay this conversation thing I am
thinking about this I'm thinking about
it far more than you I mean I know your
career is over but you really shouldn't
have to give any mistakes not lecture me
about my career don't know I'm sorry but
the mess
Jax's did Jackson's dead and and you
know when the reading of the will is
Jackson Isis murdered here mmm there's a
few things going on that I cannot
completely explain it but what day is
this just out of curiosity 15th okay
this is the eat the night of the fever
mind may look at that oh that's right
hey so meanwhile I'm packing her clothes
don't forget the dime you know which
drawer so yeah I'm just pulling stuff
out and then to kind of pepper into
their conversation to be like look we've
been doing some research and we feel
that the juju house is the center of
cultist activity here at least for one
group in New York and that what I forgot
the old dudes name again probably the
ringleader and that Bob is probably
working for him
what cult are we talking about oh where
did all this come from cult of the
bloody tongue that's it
yeah the cult of the bloody tongue but
yeah you can you know this you already
make a roll if you want don't they know
this from Peru yeah
yeah yeah so if you made yeah colder you
remember our critical Oh critical nice
all right so you know with a critical
role the cult of the bloody tongue is a
cult it's mainly in Kenya it's not Peru
no it's not Peru it's it's a Kenyan oh
is this because he told me about one of
the one yes Jackson Elias whistling you
know I just it is a cult mainly in Kenya
and it is you know according to most of
the reliable information it's a cult
that died out a hundred years ago okay
okay yeah so it's a it's a it's a dead
cult it's been gone for a hundred years
from from Kenya yeah well things have a
habit of coming back do we remember Peru
yeah dinner you've been in the basement
that you do have I'm not going to see
the scar on Larkins chest the jaggedy
area he had that was a simpler doubt you
were you were with the donkeys or in the
car or whatever I was that you do
believe me I all agreed that that was
the best place for me believe me I'd
love tea yeah well I didn't hear any
disagreements that it were that strong
all right so this there's a cult
mmm-hmm there's a cult that carved
symbols into foreheads but only song
there's there's a step missing air
between there's a cult and blow up the
building
yes house do stop cults for dumbness
that's all I'm Donnell people have been
going missing around around the juju
house and I strongly believe that it
that it's very similar to what was going
on in Peru they
explosives are a bad idea children in a
women aquiline explosives
it harms civilian oh that poor kid why
do I remember that name an ops I was in
quanta Lord not a good idea no character
that that's that's why we come to
somewhere is running down Thomas's G do
work on cultists that's that's why we
come to someone that matters that's what
they have any I'm not so it's always
behind the cultists that relaxed way
burnt to the ground they have any
interesting paraphernalia perhaps that
we could so not remember yeah we do a
controlled fire specifically around the
building that way anyone around it has
time to get away shaped charges well you
just do that arson is easier arson is
harder to control and it's and it's in
an area wind with with a lot of smaller
establishments directly around us or so
she's versus I've never been to this
place I've been past it a couple times
yes and not only that too they take they
take bribes on in that place the cops
take bribes yeah but the cops take
bribes out of that place
don't play the pronoun game just
generally the day what else oh and then
the police who take bribes also are
blaming so you know all in the papers
all of the people who have been murdered
and they're being blamed on what's his
first name Adams what's the last been
blaming it on him he'll - oh there's a
Adams who's on who's in prison right now
on death on death row being accused of
being the mastermind behind some sort of
serial killing of people in New York
you're you're suggesting you believe
that Hilton Adams is thoroughly innocent
and I think it has toes we believe we
believe we do believe we'd you know what
I believe I believe the Hefner is the
future yeah
the Hefner says yay Call of Cthulhu is
back I say yeah the Hefner's back yeah
nor has 1500 - wow this is gonna come in
a great play when we blow up the
cultists break what's his name Adams out
I'd sort of sing sing so inspiration as
you saw can just be used to reroll any
non fumble yeah Danny is just getting a
worse roll it's something but one other
player you have to ask for inspiration
and another player has to give it to you
and which keeps me from at the table
it's going inspire that I'm gonna keep
yeah
yeah I'm trying get the game done faster
and sometimes people will say no like
I've been the indie games room was like
no what a play out this one also - like
doesn't make sense for me to help like
before when I was like I love Jax Elias
I'm yeah yeah like my endorphins are on
one or not endorphins but like my
adrenaline when I get ready yeah so
where was I shaped charges I know they
got allies but I don't have anything to
do with their crap we don't have
anything to do this JooJoo house yeah
but they may have something to do with
us yeah Bob came for us once Bob came
for Jax Elias Bob seen our faces Oh
Bob's coming again Bob told us sure that
Salinas riders and we left it alone
yeah Bob mom that's the only name I've
heard I'm assuming that he introduced
himself as Bob Bob you must leave this
place
legit though Alexandria doesn't Britt
doesn't know because she moves in
hospice that point but they worried
up there right when he locked you up and
said Emma
I have rehearsal tomorrow we go on in
six days he was thinking about what
happened six years from now I think
we're in London by hey can i I need this
knock why it's not piles here you know
I'm losing I'm losing money on this
yeah we're packing for London Shh wait
I'm not Jackson's death really hit you
hard maybe we should get some sleep
you asked us in the morning after coffee
I mean sure is crazy
I'm not blowing up some juju house so
all of you have a place to stay in New
York right none of you were staying at a
hotel right yeah you're all residents
yeah okay yeah yeah we have been what
are you guys gonna do with all of it I
got to make you roll some dice that's
your house you know it's been four
months but I'm not gonna make the Dave
Matthews joke I always make but Jay
Matthews 85 gives us 1500 over there
they're fun to throw around
Lisa thank you Jay Matthews Luke thank
you thank you
I hope the 85 is a reference the 85
Bears or maybe the year they're born
Super Bowl no I hope it is not that
because that would depress me I don't
like that game I know you don't like
that game but they'll make players older
than me all right so he's suggesting
yeah you know take a night off
okay and I just look at him and raise an
eyebrow I'm like okay my experience how
how often is Emma wrong about people
being cultists one well actually that's
one area where chef remarkably I get
not for blowing things up in general but
I see how cold this play out and she's
got a nose for cultists so those free
cultists Donal you know me how often do
I go off without without knowledge
without information I mean I know you're
professional you don't do anything too
stupid you probably got into some
trouble though
you've gone saw me five minutes ago down
and gotten down the bar you seem
perfectly normal five minutes ago and
then we get the Jackson's room and it's
like you're a different person
well when you see your friend torn apart
on the floor that sort of does something
to you I haven't seen Jackson and
goodness for years no public stayed in
touch all right
you saw him a couple of months ago yeah
yeah I did
then listen I I don't want to get
involved in whatever deuce did you
dealing with his cult I think it's too
late what do you mean Jackson Elias
called us here that means that he had
information for us probably in what was
in those papers though that the man was
carrying and so probably something
having to do with the death cult there
doorbell rings I'll get it
the expecting company no the times it's
like 5:30 6:00 and and I pull out I
float a dagger and just stand by the
door waiting just as casual all right
did you buzz them in no okay but but if
they're who I think they are they have
their ways of getting in anyway it your
doorbell rings again several times just
then you're super comes and knocks on
your door like glance that glance at the
peephole go the super is like crap
what's your last name
Harford yeah Hartford you got a
telegram
oh okay and I she that she the dagger
and open the door all right sorry sorry
he hands you the invitation to Jackson
elias's funeral yeah what that was fast
yes it was good question
with Jackson you wouldn't it would have
shocked you to find out the answer was
yes Alexandra were you in Jackson
working some case some investigation
that the rest of us don't know about a
little bit maybe you could fill us in it
mostly had to do with with the the book
that he's been working on Roy I think
you know about a tear don't you yeah he
mentioned cultists yeah the death cult
which okay with and if and if he's
called us here had called us here that
means that he had something that was big
enough for us to act on because he knows
us he knows that we get things done and
now he's dead and now he's dead and I
would put very good money on whoever
killed him knowing who he reached out to
so like it or not Donald we're back in
we need to avenge him I got the license
plate number we can track that car yeah
your brother can do that yeah yeah oh
yeah yeah went to the jujube house G hi
Priya I pick up the phone and billing
okay yeah yeah you can use my phone okay
yeah your brother will trace it yep
look I don't like it either I'd rather
be out I'd rather be done with all of
this and buy these things ever habit of
pulling this back in all right so it's
just one cult investigated got too close
they act took them out mmm-hmm we
neutralized a cult problem saw assuming
that it's just the one arm in the one
city yes
that's something it's gonna be a
two-shot adventure assuming that that's
the case yes but then
whereas Hilton Adam fit into all of
those hues Oh Hilda me a Tom in jail
yeah and convicted serial killer yes
convicted serial well interestingly not
really exicted yeah just gone yeah there
I mean you you you heard us a copter
crooked mm-hmm they're pinning these
murders yeah alright then there are some
murders that he physically couldn't have
committed because he was in jail like
today well they said that he's a
mastermind like he's behind a conspiracy
sure that's an easy way to I'm not I'm
just saying yes
so this him Donal and Silvio make me
psychology roles
oh no you failed
oh yeah I made it whoa success or no is
regular but that's I'm so you you are
struck by the fact that this guy who
you've read to newspaper article about
Hilton Adams Alexandra keeps just
casually referring to as Hilton you do
okay
enough bad things go down in the world
with people who are actively evil I
don't much care for seeing someone who
isn't evil take the blame for people who
are I said that sentence made sense and
you know it I don't see there's anything
we can do for this atom use filler atoms
day well I think that Sylvia and I
could potentially do something if we
looked at his Case Files again did for
you to do that last time I don't know
completely just whatever like sorry guy
sorry we were there when he got
electrocuted yeah yeah you do know that
good lawyer yeah I could I could have
a look at it what's your about to know a
good lawyer to yeah yeah what's what was
a reporter's name my lady
yeah her name is girls I didn't think
she was scary but she was towards the
end there real pissy on Hilton and she
got dead yeah that too her name was
I didn't take many notes so is alright
so I think Thomas is trolling me now but
I think that we it's let's go to break
I'm sure so we are gonna take a quick
break again we've got Peterson's guide
to Lovecraftian Horace
hashtag chaos Kass in the in the
comments there to win a copy of that
we're gonna take a ten minute break or
as fast as five people can use one
restroom some donuts there's cookies not
donuts and we will be back soon
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
[Laughter]
so when we started running the contest
mhm
one of our users winter Nightingale said
this book looks really cool if I don't
win I'm gonna go buy it well you don't
have to go buy it
because you want it so this will be
coming to you the slowest possible way
some via mail we're gonna yeah no we're
gonna find something slower we're gonna
look at like get a lift driver we will
get this in the mail to you shortly and
again YouTube for this is gonna be for
you in the YouTube comments I'm gonna
give you the question now so YouTube in
the comments to this this episode which
of these five characters is going to be
the first to die everybody gets one you
get one entry if you answer the question
you'll be we're gonna pick a name and
we'll announce it next week and these
these legends of Cthulhu action figures
are awesome there's four or five
different kinds it's a neat very silly
little thing will be giving away more of
those on both stream and YouTube alright
so when we went to break it was the
evening of the 15th and things were
winding down and is so what are you guys
gonna do at the G are you gonna go to
the juju house I mean my first order of
operations is epic explosives well yeah
we have to figure out how to do it but
also you have to push like I'm packing
Alexandria up we're looking for another
place for her to live right now okay so
you're gonna like the back up hotel yeah
we're gonna back up hotel her house so
no we are going to back up hotel the
back up hotel that goes yeah I I
remember though the hole that was left
in the front of my apartment and who's
coming back so we need to get ax like
died in a hotel that's why you use our
freaking chain that is gonna be a
terrible yelp review
all right it looks like this is really
serious MacDonald then so here if you're
packing up and getting ready to go this
is a big deal yeah you see like this she
is like throwing clothes in a suitcase
like all valuables you know as you're
having this conversation it's a very
particular drawer and pulls out just a
string of knives
yeah mo she's packing the good news yes
what did you do what do you mean what
did I do you assume I do everything he's
usually right something really bad is
about to happen and the two you are
preparing for what what is coming the
cultists are gonna come for us
how do you know this just the cultists
came for Jackson they're gonna come for
us
I saw the pieces they left of him let's
we can prepare for the koltes we can
prepare do you remember Peru yeah no I
remember Peru I was there
where's Francois oh it's okay
these are it it's not the cour oh sorry
again is it no then it's cultists a
human correct
maybe but it can be Asterix on that one
hmm you know I'm not I'm not a fist
fighter I'm not gonna take on Bob
witness double-sided blade and whatnot
he's gonna you know rip you from gut to
gut to forehead point that's just
yeah that's just not my jam so wow
that is my jam yeah well I'm afraid of
him ya know if you're from and there's
more of them it's not just Bob Bob is
just probably one of the henchmen for
someone who's driving the car yeah
somebody's got to drive the car
somebody's got to run the hideout
somebody's got to run the money you know
somebody gonna be the brains of this
operation and you apply for the job
I feel trait the calmness you know
knocks no siphon funds to us they're
coming for me next
I hoped give him leads am i he said he's
tunas he'd bring Bobby I love the idea
of evil accountant carry the one you're
right though there are coming from me
you're right that's why we have no no
blowing them up that'll settle say no
because did Jax bias in any of his notes
allude to your name you may remember my
phone number even if he did nice to look
things up for him you're listed in the
acknowledgments of at least one of his
book I've been seen with he's had very
nice things blowing up this one house
how does that get us what does that puts
them back that that ops them from
killing more people that's killing
people that's there by the way if we if
we deal with their center of operations
we slow them down we stymie them enough
that we can get ahead of them
maybe I think you just kicked the
hornet's nest
we've already kicked the harness I was
supposed to say drugs Jackson allies
now it's all his fault geez well yes a
little bit
no I should have known better than look
Donald you hmm
how to phrase this you know what I can
do you know the way that I've been
trained that's true
I'm packing and I'm getting out of this
apartment because I know they're coming
after me and then what and then we go
after them and you say there did you do
house yes
and if they're not there somewhere else
then we find them but as we can keep
Wow it means taking a turn serial arson
House of Pancakes it's like if you're
really worried I can go hit a box and
like this at all yeah we're just trying
to get we need three new players do
different characters guess what your
constants to somehow we found the five
constants I don't know I agree in the
fact that my brother can't help he's you
know he's tracing the car right now
but he can't offer the type of
protection that we need you don't I mean
he's a beat cop I think I was like right
that the police could storm this juji
house on what cause and again that
police they're protecting the juju house
they're taking breaks Ronnie the dojo do
we know the cops
the coppers name yeah you remember the
captain Robson yep nice yeah I wrote
down Robson bad don't know there's a
little lunch we need a lot more of this
it is much and you can spend I mean
here's the thing you can stake it out
I'm gonna go take a nap he's not gonna
take it if you want it I don't even know
what I'd see I'd see how a building you
to building cops coming and going with
envelopes yep suspicious envelopes I
just don't at the time dirty cops
you got rehearsal oh that's right
tomorrow 9:30 a.m. oh geez
how long does your rehearsal run we
better blow these but just the morning
well if it's just the morning then most
of what happens is in the afternoon
anyway what do you mean most of what
happens is that afternoon what what are
we expecting to happen cops coming and
going you you you see what you need to
see to convince you that I'm not blowing
smoke up your arse I don't even know
what I'd see I see some cops they come
they go out the back door - not the
front door
all right there is no I just don't know
what the previous it proves that the
cops are protecting something there
which is what I'm telling you
anyway we talk to these coppers mm-hmm
yeah you can have fun go to check so
what does hotel room right now Oh not
not what I'd like to do what was the
name of the guy that turned into the
parrot go talk to him crap I've lost
yeah not dead people's yeah what was
McGillicuddy's partner's name again he
was your partner
see if I wrote it there Mathis yes
yeah go talk to officer Mathis yeah
don't go well right all right so it's
heading towards midnight okay so what
are we doing we're going somewhere safe
right you're you're just about packed
I'm I packed oh well all of our cups I'm
basically packed
how about noon tomorrow where you name
the place somewhere that they wouldn't
expect us perhaps hmm there's been real
paranoid Donald from inside that you you
have no clue opening I mean they
wouldn't expect it no room in there and
being we're gonna meet another deli yeah
we go up the hotel Chelsea yeah exactly
um we could also meet I don't know
libraries not a great place I mean
you've got your so you have now booked
rooms at two hotels yeah under and
although you don't have Carlton Ramsay's
money yet no we don't I I have that
actually brought up a good idea because
I was gonna about to say it let's go -
Carlton Ramsay's mmm Hughes Carlton
Ramsay Jackson Eliza's lawyer right yeah
I mean we were just invited - yes
funeral and each of you when you go home
will find an invitation to the funeral
as well all right yes yeah yeah we're
gonna stop by but no we should we
shouldn't be sleeping in our homes yeah
you've got you don't worry my parents
will irritate the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of anybody
yeah you guys are gonna meet at a local
dominicos okay all right it's true it's
true Donald go about his normal life yep
for the next morning sleeping and
rehearsal all right all right the rest
of you are gonna go to the hotel yeah
are you doing anything tonight oh I'm
getting changed pajamas no blood no I
guess not
long shot I just can't figure out how
are we gonna I mean so I'll help
Alexandria get unpacked or whatever it's
in the hotel room you guys can do
whatever you want but like I'm just kind
of candle as far as oh yeah he's blowing
it out get really feasible I mean is it
something that we can do I mean if you
ever hear Lowen anything up oh yeah
survivors being all purry can get plenty
of accessories gonna go yeah no no no if
we're blowing them like tree stumps and
stuff because being old it's not hard to
get uh-huh you know surprising we just
have to be like yeah we have so many me
now stump what will be hard getting the
buildings worth of tree stump well this
is a tomorrow problem yeah but I'm just
saying is that I don't know how Donnell
probably knows a guy okay I don't
demolition demolitions I would say if
you want to try and figure out your
shaped charges thing or like I would
give you a demolitions or maybe Kent I'd
accept chemistry all right so the
professor's actually home is probably
the professionals gone home and is going
to bed Donald's going about his life
what are you doing
staying at the hotel right yeah Hotel
messed up yeah yeah you get some clothes
yeah
dispose of the bloody clothes dude how
do you dispose of the bloody clothes I
want to say fire dropping a furnace
yeah alright sure and I'm I'm just gonna
like sit I said on my bed and look at em
and go well I didn't expect this
well it's moving a lot faster expected I
kind of expected all of this once we
open the door well I didn't I didn't
know when we'd come back - to be honest
but I guess I mean either I thought we'd
go back to Peru I was kind of hoping to
go back to Peru but as I suppose
so we're what he called constants that
means that bells and Octavia orange and
they were in that universe that was
destroyed yep but they could be in this
one or not in this one we OBO but either
way they weren't attached to us in Peru
which means they're they're potentially
not in this one or in some way not
invited to this one yeah or they're
different yeah somehow go then there are
other worlds than these so knowing that
the things that we have to do this time
huh exonerate Hilton Adams yes do we
well we know what information we'd be
able to get from Erica there would it be
possible to get her help
perhaps I mean I don't know I don't know
how this world is different in that
respect I don't know if she knows you're
right of him she may not she may be a
believer she may not be a believer you
know last time when we talked to her she
did not approve of her brother's
behavior or anything that he did so is
she different you're right is she
different in this world it does or is
she a supporter does the the the lady
who led Carlisle off gods what was her
name his girlfriend or bunny yeah
thank banana excuse me but regardless
was was she an influencer in this in
this world
hell it's Alison Kwan a even a person in
this world as he says he a constant - is
he a constant against us which seems
probable but so when so in the mean time
well before we have this conversation I
obviously do call my brother ask him to
do to follow up on the car to try and
get because last time it was or stolen
car scene at the juju house this time
I'm gonna ask him as well to get
ownership of who owns that property
mm-hmm like who owns the property who's
renting like any information on the
property itself so the Jew job yeah
he'll give you that the car it's a
stolen car yeah and the the juju house
building is owned by a local landlord
okay it is rented to a silas in quantity
okay all right all right so we know
they're huge yes do we know this to help
the conversation I mean yeah it's okay I
mean again he might be different in some
way but the name is the same yeah but at
this point I'm suspecting it is similar
just because the car ended up there the
car was stolen from Harlem South sequani
is the renter it's all things are sort
of converging somewhat back to the same
place so this this world is at least
similar enough that we can predict
what's going to happen to a certain
extent so I don't know if I mean be
really mean to let everybody find out
what's in the basement I don't know I
would really prefer to not go down
basement again well nothing we go down
yeah everything's fine
hmm do you see what's doing yeah are you
gonna send your poor assistant down no
no you would have nervous breakdown he'd
die
oh that's he wouldn't go down there
first of all step one he doesn't like
basements attics ground-floor it's not
just likes ground floors spiders snakes
yeah kind of Ian start corners Mike
corner just corners better Syrian sis
with corners that worst Goran says push
push tight closed spaces wide open
spaces all the space space just like my
house people I know hmm right now all
spaces look like murder space that's his
frame of mind but for those of you who
haven't played with Nick before which is
you know probably most of you
he is a quote machine for my little
quote thing so then yes it would be
cruel to let them just find out what's
in the basement but how exactly do we
let them know what what we know without
saying hey we've lived this to add line
before or just trust me because you
there's only so far that will go
I've known Donald for years and there's
only so far that will go or this version
of Alexandria knows Donald from all the
way back and I have enough of her
memories to understand why I know him
it is a strange dichotomy to have never
known the guy and known him forever
right no it's it's the weirdest thing
for her to wrap her mind around she's
just like I'm trying not to think about
this I just know what I need to know
yeah or to be like how do you express
that you know what you know without
having to express that you know that you
there's only so long there's only so
long that they will go on face em hmm
and I think we're hitting the end of
that yeah especially since blowing
something up is extreme yeah this is
really extreme answer it is it is an
extreme answer but it's the only way to
get rid of that basement and whatever
was in that well like we didn't look I
don't particularly want to know what's
down there yeah it's all bad it's all
evil it's all you know what I don't
remember did you guys get anything out
of the place I don't think you did you
pretty much sit under ledger okay you
got the ledger that was it did that do
us any good like do we have to go back
for it
I remember the ledger would like he was
like like all of the stuff the cult was
doing and like the payments they were
getting and that sort of thing so it
definitely nailed the cult like that's
how you were able to get what's his name
cool to read them mm-hmm so if we're not
going to blow it up then we have to
figure out a way to get the the hugger
the ledger and get the real cops the
good cops since there are in this town
to actually rate the place and hopefully
not die to the things that are in the
basement not a not a tall order at all
so it sounds like you're not gonna do
anything tonight nope yeah we're we're
gonna like sit and talk for about an
hour and then I'm gonna go to sleep and
you know and just trying to settle
myself into this world all right so is
anybody doing anything before you meet
up with Donald the only other thing I
want to do is I do want to sneak it and
I sneak home and see if my family is the
same okay you you know as soon as you
walk in the door you've never been more
comforted here am i take off your shoes
and you got a telegram it's on the
bedside table in your room yeah yeah
stop shouting and then like the
neighbors are like bam bam it's one
o'clock in the morning what's wrong with
ya yes you're like babies crying your
fetish [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] breaking your family seems
much the same very Tyco Italian panel
boy be you they come up it's so nice to
see ya so I packed some stuff and
explained to my family that I'm gonna be
gone for work yeah remember we've got
Church we've got the convocation in a
two weeks yeah yeah it's the Chris
what's the thing here it's the
christening for the Belmont it goes kid
okay all right Oh what you wearing
can buy a dress I have one mom I need to
borrow your shoes for that and so forth
shoes and so I pick up what I assumed
and don't even open the telegram
inviting me to the Jackson Elias funeral
yes the funeral is on the 17th
two days hence mm-hmm there is for those
of you who read the paper in the morning
there's a small article about local
author found mysteriously murdered
anything else
suspects there are no suspects didn't
they pin an investigating officer the
investigating officer is lieutenant
Martin Poole oh and and then it was
Robson at this point because in this
world it is pool okay and and in the
they say that the in some terrific
yellow journalism basically the article
posits that Hilton you know that Hilton
Adams are his
all right did we want to do anything
before we meet up with Donna one crew
mmm
do you t run always dammit
do we want to go and meet with Rosenberg
that's what I was just thinking but how
does she know that we know well or do we
just go in and just be like look well
she's written a number of artists who we
am the time not about building atoms
yeah so yeah let's go see Shoshanna okay
so you go to The Times and you know
you're shown in to her god I should have
remembered like all the voices they took
me back it's been months now like it's
been months
so you're shown into shown into her
office and how can I help you hi we are
interested I'm a detective this is my
personal assistant Silvio greetings yep
yeah we are and then some of my
compatriots name
professor Lam yeah professor Lam and
Alexandria we are interested in the
Hilton Adams case well it's it's a tough
one you know I have been I've been
you've you've read my articles I yes yes
we have do you have any new information
about the case well we our dear close
friends of Jackson Elias and he was on
she knows him right yeah she's like oh
yeah gosh didn't was he did he die
yesterday yeah and that's what the paper
says on suspend and they are suspicious
circumstances and we do not believe what
the story that was written about him you
know being being basically murdered by
Associates of Hilton Adams that's
preposterous Hilton Adams is in prison
and you know his his the people who his
associates are not murderers they're
trying to exonerate him well not only
that does he even have any associates
you he does have some friends his
wife I've worked closely with his wife
in Harlem trying to clear his name and
so yeah we there's no connection between
Jackson Elias or Hilton Adams really we
don't believe that there's you've got do
you have do you have any evidence of
that
isn't it true that you have never been
together that you have never met I mean
more importantly is there any evidence
that they have that would be the so you
you did a black a preliminary just like
sort of I'm gonna check what evidence
there is about this case and there's
like the stuff that the police have
seems circumstantial at best
essentially they did the whole like here
where all the murders are boy those are
close to where Hilton Adams was and
Hilton Adams was found at one of them
they did like the little dots and yet
all line up on this person you know
since made an arrow and that didn't seem
suspicious at all to anyone well no and
my associate here I'm sorry my assistant
here don't believe that there's any
direct correlation and kids much less
one any reason for Hilton Adams to
actually have Jackson Elias murdered
it just it's completely illogical we
feel that all of the evidence that's
been put forth by the police or
circumstantial and we just we honestly
don't believe it and we would actually
like to find out who the real murderer
of Jackson Elias is well that's that's
great to hear
I would too if you can find anything I'm
happy to I'll put it in The Times
tomorrow you know I mean do you have any
leads we have a lead but it's we don't
know who the individual is and if I go
and describe Bob tour you know I don't
know if that's no we're not sending her
I can't help but feel by you saying
should we tell her everything and look
it's okay if if there are things that
you know that you don't think I should
know but if you have something that will
help mr. Adams please tell me we need to
protect some of our our our resources
and assets until we get it all settled
them ie yeah ourselves I mean whoever
killed Jackson Elias was an extremely
dangerous individual yes really
dangerous well I mean you know what is
it 15 other people have been you know
killed in the last two years and so
there's there's something going on yeah
yes so what's your theory I mean who do
you I mean what I mean do you have a
name what ties all of the murders
together that
sane and what what what westerns do you
have I swear
so I wrote in my notes for this session
just like New York bullet points no I
was gonna speed through this but no guys
okay we remember what the black Pharaoh
said to us he said very specifically boy
I couldn't have possibly killed Hilton
addons any more effectively than you did
but oh thanks
that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so yeah there were the same
symbol in the forehead has been carved
in the in in the bodies let's see here I
want to make sure I said the right
number okay oh it's not it's eight eight
other murders sorry that was that and
she'll tell you that because that some
of the bodies were found in different
precincts they haven't been sharing you
know they don't shield certain thing
information has been shared she does say
that recently all of the case notes were
transferred to the Harlem office and to
the 14th precinct and captain Robson
yeah but isn't isn't someone else
investigating Jackson Elias according to
the newspaper well I mean that murder
occurred not in Harlem
so the precinct it's gonna be there but
my guess is Robson is between you me and
the wall Robson is really consolidating
his he seems to be monopolizing this
investigation and it wouldn't surprise
me if the Elias murder if he pulled that
in as well he pulled rank and took the
Elias murder as well why do you think
that is do you think it's just standard
operating procedure or do you think that
he's I mean protecting something do you
think maybe he maybe he's sad that eight
people have been killed or maybe he sees
a chance to get his name in the paper
and have you met him I have dad is not
answer well alright so you've met him
yes alright what's what's your read on
him you have the e of the investigator I
what do you think of them I think that
he's a very ambitious man and he wants
to you know solving this solving this
case would you know he's already a
captain but solving this case could be a
step up to being in the you know being
in the executive office and pinning in
it on someone like mr. Adams it doesn't
have the resources to fight back I mean
that's yeah that's an easy it's an easy
target yeah that's it's unfortunate and
you know Hilton was found and arrested
at the site of one of the murders but he
was fighting off those guys he was
helping the person how many were there
eight no I'm talking about losing
fighting over how many it was two or
three guys okay he came upon two or
three guys beating somebody and he tried
to stop it and he couldn't overpower
them did he did he have like a
description of any of them anything odd
that stuck out do you have you asked
well they had these weird clubs with
spikes in him oh you're not there I was
like do you mind if we take a look at
your some your research no not a bit
and I mean if I can you know if I can
help you I'd be happy to connect you
with his wife if you you know if you
think that would be helpful or you know
what's her name
Millie Millie Adams and if she's still
in Harlem she is yeah I don't think we
um you know she can she can obviously
tell you more about what she's heard
from Hilton and Shoshanna gives me the
address no she says that she'll
arrange a meeting miss Adams doesn't
just meet anybody okay after everything
that's happened so she she says you know
maybe like Monday mmm maybe we'll put
that in the books Monday the 19th all
right
so meet me at the at the Palace Theatre
okay in sorry the Lafayette Theater in
Harlem I own your own palace all right
it's the palace all right meet me at the
Palace Theater in Harlem 7th and a
hundred and thirty second what time hmm
11:30 okay lunch date
we'll have miss Adam mrs. Adams when are
you seeing Hilton again we're suppose
I'm supposed to go up there next week
okay probably Wednesday or Thursday of
next week he's in sing-sing so it's a
bit of a trap you like yeah I know do we
get like a what is it a mimeograph copy
of his file she could so she doesn't
have a lot she can give you she's
rebasing I do this
Thanks and then throw it at you there's
I mean this is like yeah there's not
unfortunaly there's not a lot in there
it's the police report of the one where
they found him mm-hmm
and they mentioned that you know he was
found on the scene with a weapon of one
of the murders and and they they feel
like he was the mastermind of you know
the entire effort but it's Anna's just
the assumption that he's the beach
behind yeah there is there is this is
paper-thin yeah okay this is something
that any good lawyers should be able to
tear through
yeah the 1920s we get boys I forgot who
is his lawyer his lawyer I'm a
defender doesn't it yeah he is a public
defender
we court-appointed yeah it is not it's
not a great attorney sounds like one of
the problems that actually throwing
money at would be yeah yeah when we get
that on Sunday we're coming to some
money what we could allocate some funds
charge that don't what do you think
Alexandra I think that you might also
know a good attorney yes we might or an
attorney who might may or may not be
interested his name
Carlton Dharam Singh all right so you
meet up with Donald how much time so
Donald's in his tux ed he's got a smile
and kids with it what do you practice in
a tux
it's one of those things they make us
all show up it's like a uniform yes
sorry that's yeah I always had to do
take the tie off Jack I just like you
know it's order order sandwich good as
usual so it's also a lot easier to
perform when you've already practiced in
that I had to wear heels and gowns
fairly frequently so sorry what's the
news no I loved it so we've spoke to the
reporter who's investigating Jackson not
Jack's - I'm sorry health and Adams
arrest and him it's not convicted yet is
it no okay
yep Hilton out Adams try our arrest
and we feel that Hilton Adams obviously
is not the mastermind behind this I mean
you saw the guy who did it
we saw the guy who did it wrong it's not
Hilton Adams so he'll I want to correct
something I said but it is convicted he
was convinced on death row and things
got moved up a lot faster because of
what happened at my apartment last night
in fact oh then we should act sooner
rather than later
well that's assuming that I'm there
which I weren't there anymore
now find us to do the thing mm-hmm well
Emma when I was a gentleman a few years
ago yeah your associate Sylvia huh he
got me an attorney yes just same guys
good guy are you gonna help out this
Hilton Adams no I totally agree I think
that we should definitely I'm getting
him a better lawyer and yeah we trial
and again I'm asking you for your legal
expertise here yeah sure do something
whoa thing with a thing listen but it's
got a lot can I inspire her what we
talked about Wow so he rolled a hundred
you know really don't want to tell Emma
this but like you just there's not there
you you agree that the case is
paper-thin and circumstantial but you
see nothing that there's no other
there's no other witnesses there's no
other you know it's hopeless
this case is hopeless look Emma I until
well until other things happen I I have
some funds that I that I can toss word
it if there's a good lawyer involved
okay just wasting your money he's dead
but it's worth it to at least try I mean
money is what moves the system Hey
correct in so should we
I mean bribery at this point is the only
thing the only shot he's got and if
that's the only shot he has them we'll
Rio it'd be a pretty impressive bribe to
get somebody off death row
so you you'll you can connect them with
an attorney you know yeah an attorney
that you know can I mean but here's the
thing when you connect them with the
attorney like in ways both conscious and
subconscious you're like I mean not that
it's gonna make a difference but in it
so you're like what are you talking
about mean get him out
you're like broadcasting that you know
this seems hopeless and and definitely
the attorney that you got is sort of
like mmm but yet you have an attorney
all set up
yeah all right so that's taken care of
Oh trust that it's taken care of I mean
I don't have great psychology but like
did I nope I didn't do anything
everything seems fine he's good care of
it totally don't leave on so this you
today you have today and then tomorrow
is the funeral yes
yeah
only if you want Azra to shoot you yeah
that works yes I can shoot twice with my
shotgun
see how that's come right well I will
accept the ribbing but I honestly was
not trying to cheat this was a boat
Williams cheering her as Jim come down
hard this was a beau Williams cheat
where I really did think that in there
that I was doing the right thing and I
am say stand corrected
I know but Williams cheats take twice as
long as any other chief that's the so at
this point I mean all right do we want
and we can't we can't meet with milling
until Monday mm-hmm
do we want to go and have a look at the
juju house I was kind of thinking about
that and maybe see yeah okay I agree
enemy agrees but 50 percent which have
upper lower I think I'm going left right
split here but part of me also is like
if we're gonna blow this joint up we
should look at the structural I mean is
anybody good at structural analysis case
the joint can I I could find plans or
something and then we wouldn't have to
go there you can tell yeah you can yeah
you could go to the city and find I
agree you I would I'd give you a
demolitions or you know if you offered
me another role you could like
especially if you were inside you could
have a better sense of like what it
would take to I could take a look at
things here here's like I give you 20
cents go buy some spices
well like some salt and pepper
sure whatever now it looks out there
there's a lot of really good spices in
there alright so make me a perhaps if
Joan what's come with you're gonna
yeah counting we'll call it ah or I'll
give you a law what the heck either way
you're gonna get it it's just gonna take
a while alright you're in line at City
Hall forever yeah Wow cursive BR
Christine you will find the juju house
according to the plans is a one-story
walk-up in a alley in Harlem it has two
rooms on the ground floor and then a
cellar like a storm cellar storage room
just knit with these closest on the top
if anybody else going to the juju house
so you two are going to the Jude I'll
you you can they'll give you a copy
of the plan okay Donald's not going
armed he's not expecting anything to
happen
you guys go to look at things sorry I
still I've picked up this world have I
picked by Francois I've picked up a gun
in this world do I still have a gun Shh
if you want to have a gun you can have a
gun okay apparently I had a shotgun and
a machete yeah looking good I think yeah
we bought we bought the shotguns and in
London and the machetes in Peru I mean
you still have the skills but ya know
the handgun you can have it and not only
that one I went home I asked my brother
to borrow one yeah you have a handgun
okay so it's a little concealable it's a
you
you two are in the car yeah good you two
are going oh did you get the couch so if
you mind us so let me erase it hesitate
before shott gonna want that can make
some skill in it you can go ahead and
keep it on there no but I mean like I
don't have a machete anymore and I don't
have a shotgun put on there you can you
know if you get a skill check on it
right I actually know I take notes and
draw a little pictures I am NOT on any
official record as renting out the whole
thing that's no problem yeah alright so
you both come in it's it's a you walk
down an alley and you take a left and
there is a there's a stoop to like an
apartment building hmm with a little kid
playing and there is don't talk to me
there is it when you get out I'll be
like don't talk to anyone
buy the spices look running get out
here's your money there is a an
abandoned store next to it with a
shuttered door and there is the juju
house has one of those glass doors the
the the street with a shade the shade is
pulled up so you can see in there's a
counter with a glass counter with a
bunch of stuff in it and a older African
gentleman is there oh I you know I was
looking for the waiter there in that
allowance but I have some of them but I
didn't see like we pulled out silence in
quantity and tossed it because we didn't
think it was happy but so you know like
Erica Carlisle oh yes no I've got those
he's not in there I think it's in them
it's in that box under the terrain well
this is just good radio we'll find it
later yeah that's fine so size and
quantity is an older African gentleman
he is somewhat emaciated one name yeah
that's very thin he's very he's wearing
a tribal robe and when you come in he he
looks up there's a little bell on the
door that rings there is this the the
the store is cluttered with African
curios love all different sorts you know
like
shields and figurines of animals and and
whatnot
the case that is the glass case that is
there has a selection of spices and
essentially if you you buy them by
weight and they put it in a paper
envelope it's like the it's just a bowl
of spice and they fill it up and it's
the place smells amazing when you come
in you are just assaulted by the the
rich deep smells of various spices right
well Donald's just start quietly looking
around yeah quality does not like say
can I help you or anything like that he
just like he looks up and then he goes
back to like he's worth writing in a
ledger look at some spices like it's in
the African because yeah you couldn't
come in buy spices alone by yourself now
I'm clueless I don't know exactly what
it is that the genie wanted me to get so
I'll keep looking okay I'll just keep
wandering around right so the spices are
all at that counter mm-hmm everything
else is like I said the curios I'll
start the curio stand okay why are you
making a cult rule yes yes
nice 97 a good mile ago and I got this
is boar yeah all right so you got it
well it hurt so that critical nice all
right so we have critical and a fumble
awesome
so with the critical everything here is
utterly mundane like this is all like
you know it's it's not fake like there's
nothing you know there's no
made-in-china stuff here not the
but it's actually African materials but
it's all mundane this is like you know a
taste of home for African you know for
Africans and that sort of thing
all right you so you know you're like
looking around for for something and you
swear that you see this symbol on a mask
there's a mask on the wall and it has
that symbol I'll slowly approach the
mask to take a look a closer look at it
yeah and in quantity like notices and he
says oh yes that is a lovely piece oh
excuse me what does it what does this
mean well that is a that is a
traditional mask that is worn in
fertility rituals for the a tribe in
Nairobi what's the name of that tribe he
says a name oh okay
all right just take it off the wall up
sir please please don't
it's very fragile oh sorry put it back
sure some spices yeah so you are very
aware that behind in-kwon a is a curtain
closed shut with you know some space
behind that there's like a curtain
doorway behind him so we were interested
in some of the the good stuff we heard
there was some of the good stuff in the
back
he looks at you with the special disdain
that can only you know that like and he
suggests cumin solid spice I mean what
not yeah I see y'all the the things that
you have in here the elephants and them
I heard you have some even more
Wow
he looks deep he like looks at you for a
very long moment I do not think there is
anything here that you are looking for
Oh Mary Mary maybe despises yeah yeah
I'll get some spices the cumin sure
about the 20p of course and he put some
cumin in an envelope and he folds it up
and before he hands it over he says mmm
why are you needing my name I keep a
receipt book I have to pay taxes you
don't need my name to pay taxes I'm just
buying spices do you want the cumin or
not that's why I came here the store
you've given me your name you may go
what's your wallet yeah what's your name
I'm Silas and quani I am the proprietor
of the juju house Oh father the nice man
all right good day good day sir all
right leave and he like goes back down
to the okay I'm gonna make a quick
sketch of the empty interior that we saw
I was relieved you know no thing you
make a spot hidden rule thank you see
that that's a hard successor oh so wait
what do you know actually extreme
success all right so I'm good one thing
that I cuz I'm a professional GM yeah
when you make a skill make sure you
check the box next to the skill yes
that's when we're gonna do skill checks
so with a critical success like you have
before you even turn the corner like in
Quon a has pulled the shade down and the
store goes to closed and oh you know
what you got a critical success all
right you see
but as he's pulling the shade down in
Quan a looks meaningfully up at a window
in the the building next door and points
at you now look at the same window that
you looked at okay it's there's a
window on him you know he you think it
was the fourth or fifth floor is if I
see someone in the window
you do not hmm the fourth or fifth floor
all right well once we're back at the
car we can discuss these your spices
Thanks so really it's just a spice yeah
there's something about that character
so that don't like how loudly can I not
say no no innocent Ted so wait who's
driving let's get some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] straight
who's driving the car cuz I don't know
if I can drive I mean I'm sure I mean as
long as long as you know as long as I'm
not in a car chase or something anybody
can drive okay good then get in the
drawer cuz driving psychology I'll take
it alright well let them do it driving
skill to won't think inspiration I
didn't save that for the drive all right
so you what are you guys where are you
going it didn't do anyone I'm gonna go
when he came up yeah I'm gonna be making
a sketch of what we saw inside and and
including the back in the room yeah but
he's got something in their basement
perhaps yeah yes only does he accident
he doesn't know what everybody make a
spot hidden role everything I see into
the next universe well you already know
about did you get a critical success as
well yeah 14 is the is the heart hearts
you got a hardgainer okay so with a
critical success yeah you would chase
by zombie you would swear that there's
there's like a little indentation in the
roof of the car the car at the top of
the car is a maverick
yeah there's like a little there's some
sort of weight on top like very small
but okay you like look up and you see
like a little like dim
bull [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tell me about it I'll stab it
okay can I touch it is it hard does it
feel like yeah it feels like there's
you know is it wait on it like is it
like I'm broken I'm a rock you know
maybe like a small rock okay
bounce it off you're driving you're
driving are we around the corner yeah
you're you're a few you you're heading
towards so hey do me a favor just pull
over
all right hold the car over okay okay so
I get out and I look on the roof where
that gang is the mall yeah she gets out
there's a small black dot about that big
a dollar roof like a Brock so code it's
black okay so I'm gonna take it and are
you gonna touch it yeah all right it
grows legs and starts to go Oh make ass
and roll the new screen I can't read
what this number is
Oh Peter died 75 you need to get better
died for this
yeah I'm not fine where are those dice
from last time all right
you lose one sanity as the rock that you
were about to pick up skitters away from
you mm-hmm and you all hear her going
back yeah I'm gonna look and see what's
going on right we're gonna go to
dexterities actually no no just in
the middle of daylight in Harlem I need
it well you're not you're probably out
at home but yeah the car is pulled over
into a somehow you found a parking spot
in the afternoon no oh no it's Friday
it's Friday holiday all right yeah you
double-parked yeah so before we go to
initiatives this little thing it's again
it's about this size and all of a sudden
just one I just like Boop looking right
this this it's yellow somehow it's
yellow but also blood-stained just one
eye is just looking right at you
and the little spider legs just keep
growing you yeah you're gonna go that
and the thing that brings the rest of
you into initiatives is that bar legs
start to tear through the canvas so in
front of each of you is like one barbed
but weirdly like hairy like have you
ever seen a cockroach leg like that
you're like one hair stay yeah it just
like comes shooting through the roof of
the car
right you're an 80 or 70 car park out
all right so you like you you roll out
of the car
make me a decks roll all right yeah yeah
that's sick so so like you like hit the
you hit the parking brake as you like
roll out on your back okay
too bad you don't have two guns eighty
seventy yeah seventy-five I'm getting
out of the car too and going after this
thing alright you have no idea what's
you know no but you're something just
sprouted Lane right give me a DX roll
can I inspire that yes not fumble
because my screaming yeah yeah
eyeball okay I made a right so you roll
you like jump out of the car and you
can't even see what's on the roof you
just see these leg for well on your side
too you see these two like bladed legs
jabbing down into the end of the car um
see who not me no you guys don't make
sanity's yet 70s 60s honesty's what pcs
always go first okay so I'm going to
come to kick one of the legs alright so
you're staying in the car alright you
just kick up yeah that's a fighting roll
yep fighting bro oh yes yes then you
it's a closed space so I'm gonna give
you advantage no you know what I'm gonna
give it disadvantage on its dog okay all
right so roll your damage because it did
not dodge right so I think what a kick
is a d6 I think so yeah an armed d6 plus
your damage bonus whatever that might be
okay well unarmed it says armed is a 1d
3d play DVD for a kick as a default
punching is a d3 okay D full for cider I
do not care thank you I'll bring my for
next time no worries one alright so you
um makes role that deeds alright so you
kick the thing and it feels like you
just broke its kneecap because the leg
which was like this goes like that but
then it and then it just keeps like
tearing through the roof and you because
of that because of that you kick and you
look up and you see the little the
little thing that is now like 90% yellow
I just like look down at you make a sand
roll your first thing is I have 55 all
right you're good so you don't lose any
sanity you are surprisingly okay with
all of this big ass spiders one yep
eyeball spiders sorry now the the
eyeball spider goes and it will it will
daddy longlegs
so like the little body like kind of
squinches down and then the whole thing
just leaps and it is about three stories
up on a building over there
did we get any any attacks of
opportunity as it gets away from our
saxophone gosh you have done that before
sir would you like to take a five foot
step yes you have done that before that
D&amp;D crap out of here oh no
it's so it jumps to about the third
floor of a story there there are a few
people noticing this and like you hear
some screams and some people run away
and stuff like that that was 60s 50s I
just let it go cuz it's already been a
long day and it's only noon oh it's time
to drink it's Emma she woke up its
liquor o'clock it's time for something
is the building is the door open to the
building it jumped on you sure let's try
it let's see if the doors open let's
yeah sure you run in the lobby of the
building okay so let's take the slow
elevator you run in a lobby and you know
you've shouldered elevator man aside and
you yeah you'll be in an elevator all
right I was that's the end so top of the
line up we're back to you so where is it
right now it is on the third floor of a
building on the sidewalk side so you
came out on the driver's side on the
passenger side it jumped up onto the
third floor how big is this building
building is I'm assuming three floors Oh
No
the building is probably 20 storeys it's
a tall building Lord of mercy all right
well understood what what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is
that I have no idea I've never seen
anything like it
it's hard if a way that I'm not gonna
make you mogera the street so I don't
get hit by a car right wait sorry the
main thing you can see are the legs cuz
again the body is like this okay this
giant spider oh you know get out of the
street watch it observe does nothing I
can do neat way up from the building
okay
I'm you've you know we don't have that
character here to just go shooting
everything that's thing I was about to
actually yeah we're also right noon Anna
Friday I mean you wanted to get the
police involved oh wait no we did not we
avoid Tara sharks and get and gets
spider things spider eyeballs I didn't
see the eyeballs I can't make that
description I'm gonna come around to him
to Donnell side in like a lean lean
against the car across
my arms watching up what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is
that it looks like a spider right big
spider
alright 60s all right is there a on the
outside of the building is there a fire
escape or anything because I'm going
after it
sure yeah I'm not there you go you look
around the alley and there's a fire
escape you're gonna need to make either
a jump or something roll because it's
like you know the fire escape is a
slightly above you see you saw for me a
roll would be a good one I'd accept that
let it set except join on look looking
for something that athletics cramping
climbing and wiring might accept a
jumper a bookworm rolling teammate
spiders don't like what you just shake
your fist at there's me extra I'm gonna
need a hard success okay drama no
alright so just you it's you reach you
jump up to get it and you can't quite
get there yet
you'll try again yeah spider it's it
crawls up another floor yeah so I'm in
this slow I'm gonna go near the elevator
I'm in the slow elevator just going to
the roof oh yeah there's like one of the
guys like there's one other guy in the
elevator you get annoyed when he hits a
lower floor I'm like seriously we hits
other floors I will literally just hits
he only gets one that's good good for
him totally oh he hits all the
buttons you're just gonna sit and watch
we're gonna have to watch it that's
nothing we could do
I mean I I'm not you're double-parked on
a busy street in New York people are
just yelling at you
it's not like we haven't been yelled at
before
actually I'm can i see where she went
with the fire escape sure I'm gonna go
and get and give her a hand maybe see if
I can jump up and get the fire escape as
well because I wanna feel like I've done
something oh yeah the two of you working
at the other daddle next turn you're
both up you know that's no problem
alright so that's you two you're just
sitting there you see where it goes okay
you're both on the fire escape all right
it seems to be very steadily climbing
all right so it's my turn right yep all
right I'm going to like lean up and look
to see it would see if I can see where
it's going you're on the side of the
building it's on the front of the
building so I can't see it at all
actually you know what it came around to
the side yeah because then more or less
people are looking at it so I'm like
leaning out hold onto the fire escape
and looking up at it and sure okay and
then I start running up the stairs okay
yep yeah I'm running after it
okay I know that look yeah look when
doing it to the roof when does it get to
the roof okay so you get to the roof you
guys are behind it the thing is on the
roof when you get the so the elevator
doesn't go to the roof yeah I have to
get out right go to the like emergent
you don't I mean basically the utility
door and then go up right now so you
you're running around it's on the roof
and you three all get there about the
same time one you know guy had the 14th
floor
yeah so you get up there and you come
running up and there's no spider to be
seen but there's a very familiar looking
man is on the roof and his name is
officer Mathis oh is like he's like he's
just he gets up and he's dusting himself
off and he like he starts to walk to the
to the stairway to the stairway into the
they're looking at him very strangely
there's no look of light like they
definitely recognize and on my concealed
weapon my concealed pistol okay he does
not recognize it he does not he's not
reacting to you guys at all like I said
he just says afternoon and he's walking
officer could I trouble you for a
second sure how can I know just stop
right there
that'd be fine right there could you uh
could you do me a favor go over to
the ledge we thought we saw somebody who
was going to jump so we want you two to
help us yeah we we thought we saw
something strange over on the side of
the building if you could just look over
be somebody's I'm trying to jump
somebody doing suus if you'll excuse me
I have business and he starts to go down
no I think you're gonna wait right here
he is not interested in would you go
stand there was treasure do I stabbed
him or not yeah you stabbed him all
right I mean if he's not a pirate bird
parrot whatever the hell he's a spider
eyeball dude it's the best sentence I've
ever how come first you make the spider
come out but then Bishop all right dry
and dry dagger twirl I go after him okay
so he is a Donald he is in the building
okay so you open the door mm-hmm
yes all right so hard success awesome so
you come you run to the door and you
like pull it open and one of those
spider legs just like sheeps right above
you and I just dug yeah you duck right
away follow and and the spider thing is
is there like it's it's that daddy
longlegs up in the corner kind of like
just like but two of its legs are sort
of out there Emma I poked it it showed
I'm looking for bars or anything like
that sure yeah yeah perfect
yeah so I'm gonna come after it and and
try to break it over his legs okay uh
sadly we're gonna find out what happens
next week time we have reached the end
of our allotted time we saw six
minutes well I mean you know what kind
of fight can be done in six minutes yeah
you tell me call cthulhu GM we could be
done really fast so thank you so much
for for joining us we this was so much
fun
I've missed this I've missed you guys it
is so good to be back so good to join
you guys have you guys yeah need to have
cleared non moral choices to make it
like look I wouldn't have killed him if
this was old Emma but this is new
everything
this is Emma who has seen some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
right there death that's a good one
coming in in the clutch with a great
quote speaking of what are the rest of
our quote yes well I don't write that
fast
alright so quotes of the week
possibilities are we don't need the
police
explosives how else do you stop cults
role for dumbness explosives are not a
good idea so where was I shaped charges
I'm not for blowing things up generally
but she has a nose for cultists I've had
bad experiences with corners right now
all spaces look like murder spaces and I
wouldn't have killed him if I was old
Emma yes next episode is probably gonna
be called murder spaces pieces are
somewhat less than a corner speaking of
YouTube who is gonna be the first of
these characters to die put it in the
comments you'll be I got a paper cut in
that doesn't get infected we will be
back next week and then we'll be taking
some more time off because I'm going to
Germany sorry you know how dare you how
dare you go do a cool thing but I might
be doing some video stuff requests and
chaos at the world's largest board game
convention the essence Pele so I'm
probably only be on YouTube I don't
think I can figure out the live
streaming stuff or the internet you know
have good enough internet but mystery
I'm old it's a bunch of tubes thank you
but thank you so much and also thank you
Thomas on the zeros and ones back there
even the show running on time and
playing the creepy piano music that only
you can play and thank you for watching
and for joining us and your likes your
comments your subscribes and I think I'm
just gonna end every episode now if I
just I I want to apologize for
everything the Hefner's done everybody
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
