so last session you found yourselves with your new
old friends in front of the door to the
hotel room - Jackson Elias you after
Emma broke the universe we cannot forget
about him no idea that we may lose right
to planet she just you know Haven over
the top cleaned it off overpowered it
and you you gave chase to the the people
who once again killed your good friend
Jackson Elias again and Emma and
Alexandra started to creep out their
friends by knowing exactly what was
happening and where it was happening
yeah I enjoyed the conversation about we
should just blow up the juju house and
someone said what's the juju and so both
Emma and Alexandra have their full
memories of everything that has happened
to them both in the first universe and
in this one I was gonna be really nerdy
and use one of the like DC earth 14:12
soar something but I'm a Marvel guy so
fair enough and I don't want to get into
a whole crisis on Infinite Cthulhu yeah
that would be a mess so so yeah you you
found yourselves there you started to
move through all of these things and you
went to the juju house and as visits to
the juju house do it went relatively
poorly and you ended up got some you
yeah yeah observed by some sort of awful
spider thing that turned into your old
friend officer Mathis and then officer
math is not recognizing you tried to
just walk away after somehow not falling
for the worst the worst a gambit ever
hey could you just stand by the ledge
there's a thing over there I do
something and I can't believe that
didn't work I didn't have respect I
should have let you get a persuade role
you know I really yeah but yeah that
didn't work and he started to leave and
you started to give chase and as soon as
you did he was back to horrible eyeball
man spiders miter thing with with very
sharp arms hmm and you two are on the
roof yes you are at City Hall so Nick is
not involved in this he is safe
Alexandra is directly in front of this
thing
yeah you chased it down you're up there
yes you're up there and we're and you
are down by the bar now you were
watching it go up the roof and it's gone
over the roof and now you don't know
what's going on we'll see if you can
hear screams of pain over the sounds of
traffic lightly yeah we from 20 feet 20
stories i sorry psycho dick eula in New
York you know you hear women scream all
the time when one of them flies off the
roof you'll recognize well that looks
familiar that car yes I'm wearing Brad
nope all right so yeah the videos 15
what no hmm nothing what episode are we
on 15 okay or two to ending on how you
obtained / - depending on if you're part
of the reboot or not this is good if
some of us are og some are just old yep
well
some of us are just gangster alright
spider guys dead
we rue the day we'll see you next week
things really really turned out for the
best
yeah things really will wrapped up
pretty quickly there I shot you know
hold on we have to see how these okay
that's fine cuz I'm will I'm gonna put
these on the table
these no well I'll switch out what was
the name of the officer that turned into
this horrible thing
officer Mathis yeah I think Mathis I
don't know here's McGillicutty's play he
was McGillicuddy's partner because he
didn't tell us his name
well yeah it's a fine yeah - you guys
remember yeah yeah why we saw him who's
a bird parrot chirping yeah he's he's
had previous experience being some sort
of horrible creature and last time he
got away you'll see if you get no no no
no no no we're I'm Kate so all
right for the three of you there do any
of you have firearms on your person yeah
remember we had that discussion last
time because I watched it 20 minutes ago
yeah did you really
well not 20 minutes ago but I'd say
somewhere around 2 o'clock today I
hadn't refresh what happened fair I mean
III have a 38 hand guide okay so it
doesn't have my knife setting off a
firearm in New York downtown New York
will be heard you're you're in the
middle of Harlem that's perfect for
someone's attention
yeah goes off you know you live in ER
yeah you'll you'll come running you'll
have a feeling of what's going on I know
where the heck to run to the elevator up
yeah
like a normal person like a
sophisticated in device so you three its
initiatives alright and so speaking of
rules I might have spent those four
months actually reading the rules I'd
say that I right now that doesn't mean
that I put the GM screen right side up
nope oh my god I just realized it makes
so much more sense the money Tony thing
it's kind of circular anyways it doesn't
really matter which way is awesome here
it shows you how often I look at it but
yeah so one with initiatives your
initiative is just your decks however if
you have a ready to fire arm your
initiative is plus 50 whoa well ready to
fire arms will almost always go first
Wow nice now that is not like if I'm
gonna draw my firearm that is I have a
gun out you know hard initiate race this
bullet so I don't think we had that
this time but I doubt that in my opinion
I had my hand on my or a concealed
weapon now that I carry one so 90s on a
90 holy oh this
now we're gonna get so you just burst up
through the door yep I'm the one who
sees this atrocity alright you should
make a dodge roll hi yes oh you should
make a dodge roll make it hang on words
we could do I don't know yeah wait for
room I get that I've got to put four
back in the trailer right there right
there so do we have four in there just
put I mean just give it all the a Misha
wasted anyway no this is important
we not dying it's kind of important big
fast catches I think I rolled a 32 my
Dex is 75 so I got a hard sell
unfortunately this no no I'm sorry I'm
sorry my decks of 75 some of my Dodge I
made my Dodge right so this had a
critical success captain so this
comes down on you mmm it is razor-sharp
and so the leg just comes sizing down
and like cuts across you and does eight
points of damage I'm down to one yeah
okay yes the critical is so actually
it's gonna sink into your shoulder that
makes a and I'm gonna like shriek at the
top of my voice all right I'll do that
I'll try that at least listen is a 60
okay in the Box does it count
what does it count 58 will will be a lot
you have this do you hear a voice you
recognize that shrieks out loud okay
wait I'm good we have money in here
mm-hmm
so yeah you hear that so on your
initiative you can do so that was 90s
80s 80 so Donal gets back in the car
drives into the alleyway where the the
fire escape was okay leaves it right by
the fire escape and we'll try to go okay
you can you can either come in the
car and go up the fire so you can just
leave the car if you park the car under
the fire escape and climb under it
that's what you're gonna do this round
if you want to try and make a jump roll
to get up there then you'll be one round
faster but if you miss the roll you know
you're gonna be so climbing the car is a
sure thing but we'll take time I'll just
do the whole I'll take the time okay
this turns my me not good
ladies 70s 75 all right you just took
most of your hit points so make me a con
roll oh no I didn't make it how did you
I did not critically fail but my con is
25 after our adventures in Peru
make me a sanity roll yeah well it
wasn't a fumble all right so the sight
of your own blood and be you know just
the sheer pain that you went through
missing that con role you have collapsed
I'm not surprised and basically you can
crawl away that's your that's you know
that's about the extent of what you can
do you think I'll do that all right so
you crawl
you can either like crawl into the
building and down the trying like hit
the stairway or you can crawl back out
of the roof I'm I'm gonna crawl back out
on the roof and like stick my foot in
the door time to intimidate to give them
the ability to go in to really to let
everyone else trip over you yeah well
the point of damage someone kick you in
the face as they go by all right so yeah
you are
you feel like crawl to the door waves go
hood and there is a growing puddle of
blood man all right so aim through so
that was 70 60 sixties 60 60s I got
this crowbar yeah under goats after that
tape all right all right you really go
through the hallway yes okay so you the
door had started to swing shut you just
booted open it opens inside because you
know fire codes nothing here and you are
there with the crowbar so you can take a
swing all right this is my bra now this
has come to play god yes okay so you hit
yes he makes his dodge roll and so you
like you peg him but then you realize
the problem is his center of mass is
about this big yeah and so you come in
with the crowbar and his little body
just goes whoop
so what but what you get from this is a
next round you will have advantage to
like swing at his legs
sweet cuz now you're like swing at the
legs that's
you do all right that was 60s 50s
whatever you Artie oh god whatever I am
whatever you are what happens I'm
relatively well here I'm sort of out so
I'm just thinking I'm still outside
right yes there you are on the roof yeah
and can I ask in nineteen twenty
whatever fire extinguishers what are
they like they're not like what so they
are there are pumps okay so it's and
it's not the ice-cold whatever comes out
of it now it's probably like a loan or
somebody called the fire department
Oh conspiracy and I wouldn't give you a
luck role to have there be a fire
extinguisher on them I think I'm
gonna try and do first day and even
though I was ill so nobody know 67
alright so what you have done is you
have at least eight so you will not lose
any more you're not gonna lose anyone
get damaged from blood like you just
throw yeah you know you throw pressure
on there if you'd fumble you would be
dumb enough yeah you know try and
dutchboy it or something exactly
terrible event and carted arteries right
there I'm sure he hit that yeah so so
yeah trying to come away well alright
it is now back to 90s well you know you
gave work you need to make a dodge roll
I need to make a dodge good no I didn't
know if I'm weak
so he's gonna roll damage this time he
does two points of damage to you as that
leg well she did you handled a no seven
okay Claire okay hurt her he rolled not
a no seven so yeah the leg like swipes
across and you like duck back at the
last minute and you get a little cut
across you
you've got the Captain Kirk shirt
damaged and two points of damage
okay that was a tease so you're gonna be
oh yeah I got a lot of flights of stairs
to climb but no yes yeah so make me I'm
gonna say make a con
older and every con role you make
that'll be two flights of stairs okay so
if you don't make it you're only doing
one if you miss two con roles in a role
you're gonna like lose a turn breathing
heavy
but if you cardio was not being in the -
so you're giving him less than just
taking the elevator so it'll take him
like ten rounds to get there someone
chose not to take the elevator you
succeed in the car so yeah you your two
story you you've made it up two floors
you don't - no that was 80 70s meeting a
my consciousness you're yet you're
conscious you could do you can do first
thing on yourself
that's true and I have a 36 on that I
might as well try nope didn't right by
much but this oh you're a little freaked
out by everything's going on and a lot
of pain you and a great deal of pain and
you are not you know you're not giving
him a the best advice and you know hurt
hurt hurt
I don't listen either or 60s
yes all right go Joe here comes the
crowbar you have advantage so you have
an extra train guy extra double numbers
whoo I see you 20 yep yes all damage yes
you do a d6 to this thing yep six Wow
yeah well done beat him up beat him up
so you like the leg that just like
swiped across you you just hit the leg
in the joint wait and you hear like a
crunch noise yes
and you have that is a a significant hit
that is a palpable hear sweet I hit a
palpable hit I'm actually gonna give him
disadvantage on his next attack woods
with max damage like that that was 60s
to you so what when I could look
inside what do I see besides just alone
a great deal of blood okay and which is
very slippery decks rolls next run and
you see Mathis and again this is like a
this is like an eight-foot-long
daddy-longlegs and it's doing that weird
like you know you've seen daddy longlegs
how they do that pulsing thing no oh yes
yeah when they did like daddy longlegs
are terrifying especially when there's
like hundreds of or thousands of them
this time okay I had a squirt gun that
was what we did you schedule on twigs
and wasps nests you squirt choices chose
vacuum what did you support them but no
daddy longlegs are you know they're
about yay big
and they're likely leg but when they are
when they are stressed they start to
pulse and the legs like go in and out
and they the little head just goes to
the dirt and and there can be thousands
of them like in a club and it looks like
a web or something and then you squirt
it and all of a sudden the whole thing
starts just like bouncing it's okay you
run : could feel people are freaked out
by spiders now it like just trigger
warning each other oh my god I'm not
freaked out by spiders now that that's
all weird yeah so so but this is what
he's like after that hit like the thing
is like pulsing in and out and so yeah
you see that you see so can I run past
whatever like run in are there any
apartment rooms or anything in there so
no you're at the top landing of the roof
okay so like the roof has a little like
building like a little door that's
essentially a building and there's a
stairway almost immediately there's like
I don't Landing and then a stairway down
to the top floor of the building okay
there's nothing I can grab to hit it
with or sure yeah you can find up as a
broom at the very least
[Music]
so tonight - yeah nice we do it
so this is my 84 club if you have club
um probably not I'm just fighting wrong
yeah
wrong oh I got a 5 so whatever it is I
win yeah you do
all right so you're gonna do a d4 so
beat it up that would be a 1 all right
so you like stab yeah yeah you you you
like jab it up there and you you hit the
leg and it is you know not a happy
camper you would've hit it again yep
sweet all right that was into the round
so top of the lineup you have not make
it so vintage
yeah you've got disadvantage on this
attack and yes make the next row for the
gallon that's a great point so you guys
are walking on the floor he is like this
way yeah and his legs are sort of sizing
over you know almost praying mantis
style from him and you you take this
moment to realize that the I you know
the little the little body has an eye
that is most of the body and that eye
seems to freely move around the small
body so like when he moves it's almost
like there's a ball bearing in the
middle that kind of like the legs are
not anchored to anything it's it's a
very weird experience all right so yeah
you should make a dog bowl
he's got disadvantage on this point oh
wow pretty material okay all right you
make it he made like maybe or something
here oh yeah yeah so the disadvantage
really helped there he so the leg that
you like crunched is sort of like from
what you will euphemistically think of
as it's elbow it's a little bit limp and
so he like swings that leg around and it
doesn't he doesn't have a lot of control
of that of that leg has 90s 80s take
that combo keep going climbing a35
success you know yeah great you are
halfway there now okay cool
now it's to you 60s all right I'm 75
okay I'm gonna make another first a
drawl sure why the hell not go until
somebody makes one I made it alright so
you get three hit points
yeah idiot Lee and you are you are
stable enough to take actions that do
not involve a lot of strenuous activity
okay so no wackiness thing I know you
know I would allow one shot like if he
wanted to fire but you know and that
would be they'll be like rolling around
yes yeah yeah there would be some there
would be some some challenges there 60s
all right
see we can do again either beat him up
do it that's it yeah seems nice is that
a ham it is yes very nice okay so you're
gonna do max damage sweet dang
so you do six again yep all right um
this thing's not happy is it Wow okay so
you crack another leg and if the leg
would didn't send the wrong way and it
stops like pulsing and the little eye
starts like darting around like looking
all around looks like it's looking for
somebody to help I was all right so I'm
gonna smack in it again all those daddy
longlegs know where is my dirty so I
don't hit it if it's a fighting brawl
right soon you know what give yourself
advantage because he is in such bad
shape 36 or 26
yeah oh no it doesn't I missed by one
all right but you know what is you
know you spend luck make it through like
for other countries is what is he
looking at is he looking at either of us
we're making care wait hold on you guys
don't have luck oh yeah he doesn't have
luck I don't have any
how do you do that for us I've got it
how do you make it you write the logic
it was luckiest 46 times five okay hang
[Applause]
Wow Wow I can see why you stand there
would you like to change and so I'm not
sure we talked about the last time but
you can spend your luck luck is
unfortunately not a very renewable
resource and as you've seen I'll ask you
to make luck rules from time to time so
you can spend luck after you roll so for
instance Amy just rolled 26 she could
spend 1 point of luck to make her hit or
she could spend like 13 points and make
it a critic a hard success okay I'll
snap we've talked about it I'll go ahead
and spend one to spend one alright so
you hit roll six
yep oh it's a sorry four and four report
one again oh you're very one sees no
luck for one damage all right yeppity-do
but is he when he's looking around is he
looking at
Jonah myself or is he no he's looking
around like the eye is not a not looking
at you it's looking anyway it's to
the extent that you can understand
whatever this horrible thing is you
think it's looking for a way out yeah
okay yeah that's what I was gonna ask if
I can give him away
okay yeah got it okay understood
all right top of the line up it's him
you three that can see it make sanity
rolls as the eye starts to expand and
all of a sudden standing in front of you
is a bruised office or Malthus nope
crazies praises the dams board you
fumble fumbles backs no no I do not
it was a 95 so mr. ole which it looks
like is everyone it feels like all of us
sit on sanity yeah okay so everyone who
missed the role I had to look because
it's about air okay okay and then things
get worse of course they're huz you hit
you all Malthus starts going help NYPD
help help me I've been beaten up here
help NYPD all right yes exactly
all right your turn make a listen
roll oh no 57 a listen is yes he seized
all right you hear you hear a police
officer you have not met officer Mathis
you hear a police officer saying help
help a bit beaten up help I guess they
have an ally who's helping them on the
roof at this point always help make car
roll all right yeah success all right
yeah you are all next round here would
be at the roof that was sold on a 90
he's good he changes and he's yelling
that and he has started crawling down
the stairs oh man okay okay you can all
no no it's not it's just a rubbin your
spot head nope you made a success though
yeah alright so with the success you
see my dice are not good today you think
that he's less damaged with him he was
we don't use that kind of here Oh unless
of course you're speaking of the rich
and honored tradition of you know the
druidic religion in which case happy
Beltane brothers coming soon maybe not
in the spring yeah where we come
actually on Samhain I am equally
ignorant of all oh no in Belton is not
really sure when you know Yom Kippur is
or well okay but okay but the Jewish
holidays move that's not fair
I'm a Jew yeah the Jewish father's no
but all of them are so before we get
into comparative yeah only leads to
YouTube blocking us he made his turn yes
you're good youth so he brought what did
I find
oh yeah he's a druid that yeah he's he's
healing he's got healing he's thanking
me he's a we're spiders yeah where's my
earthing all right that was 90s 80s you
do it 70s and I'm gonna shift up and
take a shot at him as best I can all
right I like that look on your faces
right I don't like that look he's like
alright so I'm gonna you're gonna
have disadvantage on this role and come
and you're shooting eyes officer I
cannot impress upon you enough how much
you should fumble this role you know
what will still only ever be the
second-best fumble yeah when I lose the
that's not what I mean I mean get Donal
out of New York
it's gonna take some dynamite to get him
out hold the door for her oh you ma'am
and then just give her some sort of like
+2 or like she got in the line of fire
yeah that is all you do this turn then I
will get rid of her disadvantage do it
yeah I will all right so she like it was
like propping you up and it was like
hinge you all nobody needs to make a
listen role you hear like us you hear
screams and swearing down in the
apartment building damn it after a
gunshot goes off okay okay
are you constantly the stairwell was
probably nice I'm sure we're all like
but I'm sure you hear the gunshot go
walk yeah so yeah you clearly heard a
gun so there's a cop getting beaten up
and somebody shooting the cop was
shooting at someone clearly all right
pops grab this guy yeah I grabbed him by
his bomber and keep him from going
so I mean hmm let's call it a fighting
sorry Jan so there's gonna be a I know
wrong
yeah all right there's gonna be an
opposed roll all right not very opposed
today yes I got 1:08 Oh
so you yeah you have you have put him in
like a half-nelson cuz he was like
crawling down the steps and you just
come up behind him and like grab his
arms and he like help exactly exactly
you know he's he's gonna get everybody
their votes right now
[Laughter]
right there
okay that was now it's to you so you're
not shielded okay all right back this
possible lineup what is cos I'm gonna do
and ypj he draws a gun and then in just
a sign of desperation he fires it over
his shoulder he is massive disadvantage
on this role I think it like to disobey
how's the rich shaking ago you get it
saw it sure I'm on the ground sort of
yes you dropped me that's that oh my god
yeah nice one she got a one-on-one oh my
gosh yeah you I want your dice it's one
of the most valuable skill checks you
can get any man so he like pulls his gun
oh I just blindly fires up totally
missing everything and he's just like
stop what are you doing stop you can all
make listen rolls oh 18 6s I don't know
there's noise what kind of noise there
are people coming upstairs oh I mean oh
now I get the six yeah now I get the
critical such as you you distinctly hear
people coming upstairs guys we people
ramming back out onto the road yeah yes
yeah yeah yeah all right
you so 70s okay so yeah 80s
Tyrol you you're on the Ryoka death so
you get up to the roof and you see the
the doorway to the stairwell is propped
open
Emma's holding it open Alexandra is
lying bleeding on one arm as this arm is
like lying lifeless and blood and like
there's now her clothes have been like
pushed on to this and there's like
pressure there and she has her pistol
still smoking pointed into the stairwell
and and and yeah and you see Emma
holding the door open it's good to
assume that the spider creature went
down the stairwell that's why she's
pointing the gun there
Donald runs to the stairwell alright so
you'll get to the stairwell seven
um there's not much that I can do that
isn't strenuous yeah firing that gun
like sent a jolt through your everything
a pistol what about it
the pistol here all right all right so
you you now have her gun all right yeah
D sensor oh gosh he wasted all good
rolls no all right so you guys you're in
an index yeah you can't get him up
hoping he's get you he's trying to go
the other way you know you're just there
got it oh I I do also want to say to him
the guy the guy she has it's a spider
thing I'm looking for a spider thing
obviously she hasn't cut you know like a
hammerlock and I tell you that where's
the spider it's there it's him where's
this bloody spider behind the cop I
swear to God it turned it transformed
it changed no where's the spider Donald
don't be stupid
it's the cop Joan it's the cop get him
on the bloody roof yeah so you see it's
the confirmation a man in like a tank in
like a tank top and jeans companies like
all right what are you doing let him go
oh no you'd understand he said what some
cons one of the bad ones costed my
friend I will give you a persuaded
disadvantage you were you are choking a
cop trying to I mean I'm up there like
severely bleeding from something that
isn't a gun we have to know the other
I need one without anyone all right yeah
yeah this guy's like look I called the
cops you put him down you are not you
just because you're not okay no right no
no no I'm a bad one bought a ninety
Mathis goes limp excellent and the gun
drops down to down the stairs does it
misfire
no well no but he looks like a ghost
working for his mm yeah all right 80 the
cop is like just slumped in her arms
I'll help Joan pull the cop onto the
roof all right you see the guy down
there you can see the guy on the next
line I'm ignore this guy grab the cop
pulling on the thing let's close the
door all right so you're gonna you're
gonna get em out of the way and drag
everybody out yeah and I like drags
Alexandra actually houses with him as he
drive like I'll do that okay yeah cuz
I'm gonna yell at the guy and be like
get in your home and you know I'll just
yell get your bag get inside it's not
your business
like really like like how my brother
would say pick the social skill of you
actually that sounds like intimidate to
me there is a skill called intimidate
there is I wouldn't know so 15 is the
regular what's half of 15 is like eight
so that's all right so you like I'm
gonna I'm gonna check that off do it oh
yes you you just look at the guy you
like mind your business
nothing to see here move along I think
whoa whoa hey whoa I want no trouble
nice well done yep please leave New York
people back off okay good he will back
me up and I'm not that much smaller than
you all right
how do we how do you summarize the
spider
because we saw him change but you have a
choice now I'm going to take us out of
initiative mm-hmm well are you sure I'll
take us out of initiative and you know
you can figure out what you're gonna do
but the cops will show up at a certain
point yeah or I'm gonna keep us and
initiatives and I will roll to see you
when the cops show up that's up to you
guys
my plan is down the hatch in the car
keep him keep him alive with us oh we
gonna slit another throat of a surrender
day no we're not no no no no I can't do
that but boy doesn't dump them someone
somebody's phone has changed bottom of
the river we can't just kill him yes we
can with urging a spider yes I saw the
spider thing just and you saw him turn
into the spider thing that he's a spider
I need a choice all right I'm gonna go
with initiatives or are you gonna go
with most dramatic mom I'd rather
dramatic moment okay sure all right yeah
yeah now that you put it that way or
East dramatic moment yeah they'll show
up tomorrow all right well we have what
do you want to do with this policeman
it's copper we're gonna tie him up we're
gonna take them downstairs and we're
gonna take it back and interrogate him
where that works with me yeah where we
taking him no really where the
ritz-carlton
speaking of which we could you ready for
this if you say take your Alexandra's
apartment I said where Oh God
you know where it is we're all right I
mean I don't know if walked avi still
exist in this universe what's fun about
finding this whole conversation in front
of them
no TV still exists what got really weird
well I just saw a spider turn to a man
and turn to incise get him out of here
we're moving so none of you have any
rope on your person course we don't have
a trunk okay yeah well but you're gonna
take him down the stairs
all right we're up here theoretically a
cop should have cuffs on him does this
worry thank you yes no no we're thinking
about it thinking thank you that's our
little little little older to my ear
yeah all right so we cut off his own
side if it comes up with it let's all
take his cuffs behind the back cut them
yep let's move them down okay it's good
so how hard is it going to be for me to
get home very damn close do we have
anything to wrap image well wouldn't you
this way you can if so if someone else
or more than one person will carry you
it can go somewhat faster but you are
slowing this whole thing down as good
you got him I got her how are you what's
your surprise my TV tells me keep an eye
what's your size 60 okay no but not bad
at all what's I know but we'll do it so
he's not using ours you're my strength
they're almost the same
oh my goodness not he seems unconscious
the cop he is but he's like you know
he's not
there's no assistance this is dead
weight we totally need to put something
there in his mouth in case he wakes up
mmm good point
let's just get going I mean I know I'm
gonna track his head's on the rungs on
the way down it is not taking the feet
I'm like - whoops oh my god I'm sorry
thank you all four of you make a spot
so what do you got for me sir I see
everything you do you see if we're gonna
dropped his bass rindy grabbin can I get
it with my Bentley
yes I will be taking out in that he just
like tried this fight off he tried to
like really trying to hide it or
something okay yeah I'm taking that all
right you all right so anything else
like ice cream truck just ask it for
later hmm
you you start to make your way down the
stairs
Emma's you miss rejoinder to mind their
business seems to have made most people
in this building not interested in in
stopping you make a party luck roll so
you're all gonna make a luck roll and if
more than half of you make it we're good
it's ding dong yes you got it give me a
phone oh you did not vote you didn't
fumble just builder oh man so all right
so we can inspire one or more can we say
don't wait on me
so I'll inspire somebody who's and I'm
who isn't me I've been rolling pretty
well yes I got 65 look it should be so
you you get down to the second floor and
you hear sounds in the lobby you hear a
voice you're a voice say where are they
right all right we'll handle this you
you stay back
NYPD we're cutting up yeah have fun with
that can I do another spot hidden to see
if I see so we're on the you're on the
second food love but are they landing of
the city oh did you think the fires gun
fires good oh yeah sorry
okay good so then yeah like hell
we're going it yeah can I still spot
hidden for park police car where is it
sure
oh Jesus you just rolled a 99 first bum
will oh good you found the park police
car it's right at the base of the fire
escape it's like if there's like a cop
looking in your car cuz your cars are
right under dryer I'm so glad I saw that
kind of just in town currently he seems
to have not noticed with the team luck
with the party luck roll he has not
noticed you but he is like looking in
the window of her car we could drop a
brick on him
Wow Alexandra wants to get this over
with I kind of hold and stops event yes
so that he see like turns and was like
yeah I'm like sitting brace to put brace
up against the building just okay make
me a con roll no I made it I got I heard
success on that so somehow you keep it
together and you're not like letting out
the the moan of the grievously injured
means that the first time that I've been
hurt it's Jesus yeah Irv it was just a
car here still running we all turn him
lucky again I'll keep an eye on it yeah
you guys go up the stairs so he now he's
gonna turn his back to the fire escape
and he's sort of like looking up and
down the alley he's he is aware he's you
know he's aware but he's not expecting
anything to drop on him seriously
but brick on his head or an unconscious
police drive on it so here's where we
get into some moral discussions are you
the sort of person that would assault a
police officer this first time had a
mitigating circumstance it was a
horrible insider mugging awful nightmare
vision this is just officer generica
yeah are you the sort of person and I
mean it's fine if the answer is yes that
just tells us something about Professor
lamb he pulls out his wallet and looks
at a picture of his child
[Laughter]
we're talking about somebody I'm talking
about knocking somebody assaulting like
you you don't know what could happen you
hit the spinal cord sandy is that what
you're talking about locking somebody
out and then getting away I'm for that
I'll say this we're talking about being
criminals on the run from the NYPD I
mean professor lay out exactly nothing
okay exactly no that's fine like exactly
the answer that question could totally
be I have no compunction with hitting a
police officer with a crowbar but you
know that that that tells us something
about you yes and I mean this isn't this
is certainly definition of an exigent
exigent circumstance so you know that
could play into it as well all right I'm
gonna go around the table this way what
are you doing well I'm gonna leave her
propped up Thanks do we have
any bricks around that I could drop on
if we make a look roll perfect I mean
CUC rolled it's like alphabetical it's
right there all right
yes okay sure you find a brick all right
and I'm going to try - all right so
you're gonna drop a brick what are you
doing I'm trying not to make any noise
okay do it very slowly and quietly
putting down the feet okay
getting the pistol that always under get
to turning it backwards so the butt so I
get pistol-whip if necessary okay hmm
I'm gonna signal to Joan okay somebody
mentioned it but I don't think you ever
did actually we needed so when you put
him down he starts going help NYPD
perhaps he's awake when why did they
notice that oh you're gonna hit him
right in the face with the brick look
straight up
nobody ever checked him he just winds up
boom I have his head can I cover his
mouth sure I mean he's already he he he
got the drop on you so he screams out
okay girl look at you come on her looks
up and sees a bird with a brick I was
hoping the killer cut and he can it get
a megillah' Kenny I don't want to kill
you don't know what's gonna be that's
actually on your business card we're not
gonna kill him probably back we're not
gonna try to Great Dane side kill he's
gonna knock them unconscious just you
know grievously injured it could cause
him all right so to Florida because
of that yell we're gonna go into
initiatives all right amen
okay so he like bites your hand and
you're just like I was preparing to you
have his pistol that her business belong
the place but I'm gonna get this guy and
just re still so in full side of a
police officer you're gonna pistol you
this another police officer yes all
right has to be done 21 is access so you
like that's that's a hearts exist the
heart success
you just crack him over the back of the
head and he is quiet good he goes limp
what the hell are you doing 60 60 si I'm
just laying there trying not to about to
my drop hiding you should keep your face
from being seen when you should yeah
yeah like I like talking to myself a
little yeah yeah we're we're doing it
okay she had purple hair that's when you
have some with a really distinguishing
feature that's kind of faded in the
background so Bravo sure I'll make this
yeah or it could be if it's a brawl role
you're gonna be hitting him otherwise
it's a thrill roll you know like make it
a Dex roll let's do this the easy way
you don't make a debt roll oh no alright
so I'll like you drop the brick how bad
ten would you would roll a 12 IRA I'm 65
or volts okay not too bad all right yeah
um so the brick-like
hits the hood of the car not mark
r-right
no your car yeah that's the only car
that's there and this guy starts
yelling like opposite down opposite down
and on a on a sixty after you yet he
pulls out a whistle and starts blowing
alright we just got out we just gotta go
it's our car
what do you mean our car never owned a
car you went to the car oh yeah that's
right
okay you know pretty quickly fifties I'm
40 but I'm just going forward let's
just all right so you're are you
dragging that yeah all right you just
doing a mission if you could just flop
him yeah yeah I'm gonna lock him down
and just get down there all right so you
are your own Torrance
so no I'm assuming we're on that landing
before you take that yes that's right
okay and you just like flop him down um
and he like his you know his body like
his not lifeless but his limp body to
get out thud yeah right next to the cop
and the cops was looking at you is he's
like blowing his whistle and do you want
to be on the ground yes okay you are on
the ground hopefully most of the cuffs
are I went upstairs yeah hopefully oh
yeah we don't come out and back down
back to initiatives that's gonna be you
fast Donald jumps down to the alley
with the gun pointed at the officer and
he's gonna say just stop it quiet so
it's a fourteen whoa and his intimidate
is 45 so that's hard success all right
so in mid tweet drop the whistle step
away copper he takes two steps back Oh
keep the gun trained on in just keep him
at bay everyone get in the car
that guy needs a doctor he'll be fine
that will not fill him with all right so
you are okay yeah you can see you
have you two have dealt with but you
know police yeah the three of you are
very clear that he is memorizing the
places for everything about em you know
he is he is memorizing every cuz he's
seen my face yet cuz I'm sort of tucking
in hmm
he has not okay but coming down he's
watching like and they're gonna have to
like hand you down to see AMI
you know he's very carefully like he's
standing away he's not doing anything
but he is like matching your faces into
his mind and you're sure he's got the
license plate yeah but at this point it
doesn't matter whether he's gotten me
he's got you got all of us yeah yeah our
turnaround copper and then we but that's
why we go to London
sorry he'll Madam's so order the copper
[Laughter]
that leaves before the lab I mean III
out of character think we should stay as
long as we can at least to get the the
good lawyer on Hilton evidences we did
we could hide out the country manage I
have a person I've never met but we have
stuff be I know you haven't met the good
lawyer yet nothing good lawyer okay but
we talked about okay alright you have a
cop like I said he's he's not gonna try
and stop he's turned away like Lantern
have him just yet sound good shot yep
alright so I'm gonna come down with with
assistance okay I mean yeah you guys can
you guys can drive off let's get out of
here let's go
alright as you're driving away make spot
like the officer at a call box yep he's
calling for backup he's got all of us
our name our fire face where do i click
or where do I Drive it I have terrible
ideas right now these men in the juju
house full confrontation
who brought the explosives by other guns
I think that would be a bad idea because
I'm still bleeding okay somebody's house
if we're the doctor in a safe place
hello for just a couple days you know
whatever just hearing sirens and stop
being like oh no okay guys we have this
is going really well
it's going great the backup hotel I got
under a different name and if we can get
in without being seen
we're bleeding on anything or bleeding
on anything love look we need a good
leave town is there anyone who knows
anyone outside the town of the city
Erika Carla safe house we haven't met in
this reality she's probably still a fan
probably but if I show up at her door
bleeding do we try it
Octavia what happens if it's not even
she doesn't even live there anymore or
never live there or someone else I don't
know what's the rules in this universe
you're just driving her let's get outta
town that's one of those things that
gets your attention though if you look
like I'm not paying attention another
universe we should hit Silvano Oh
then we should hide the car get you
someplace and I'll go get Sylvia no I'll
change clothes I'll go get him and you
guys get so seriously going here sirens
didn't you know
every minutes was so bad how late are
they III stuff so we can all call a cab
where you know in the backup hotel he
goes to the rack okay I think that we
should not take the chance on this
chance I we have a couple backup hotels
I have mine under Oh No
I have experience with this Alexander
you're bleeding yes I know your bloody
body into a hotel lobby they're going to
call someone then we go in the back but
really crappy hotel yeah better be at
least one of them is a pretty shitty
hotel you pay extra for any other
apartments Alexandra we go I have my
flat no no no I there's no horn at this
time all right
what no no we can we should go to the
backup hotel because you know things
happen the girls on the street we'd go
and bring her in and we can we fix her
up they'll be good that's actually not
the worst idea go to my flat they have
our faces but they don't have our names
and we've we have McGillicuddy oh
there's a guy in a room so we're going
enhance and I mean we have Mathis why
not try it out can we get into your
apartment without being seen you see the
second as long as we don't draw too much
attention coming up okay I don't drop us
off the car yeah all right I think we go
yeah because the afternoon heading
it's January so it's heading towards
being okay okay I suggest that we drive
around tallest girls agree with the
players III hold that we drive around in
the work and the button the not-so-good
parts mm-hmm until it's dark
you weren't you're in Harlem yeah well
then let's drive around for another hour
or so until it's dark and then go in as
quickly as we can
I'll deal I'm fine Donald
I'd rather get you somewhere sooner
patch you up do we know what dr. perhaps
you know dr. Alexander giving your
profession and you're someone you've
gone to before what when you had
situations similar to this I rolled them
Dewey won the doctor that I rolled up
yeah you you know you you have not
you you've not nobody's chasing you
don't you have not seen me please well
you've seen police cars but you haven't
seen anybody notice I've been watching
yeah everything mm-hmm surely you know
do you know a doctor can I bring this
person in sure yeah yeah there's someone
or just something were to go all right
he's kind of a back-alley doctor perfect
exactly who we need right now fantastic
doctor Wilson I'll give you directions
let's go see dr. Wilson okay get her to
her fly listen I like that better
so I said Wilson but Dolson works better
he's an Irish he's original region dude
son of Doyle okay you you'll get to his
office his office is you know pretty
circumspect and it's not it's not in
like a large apartment building so you
don't you don't have a lot of it's it's
got a back door that she knows about mmm
for the just this sort of thing what are
you are you just gonna park the car what
are you you've got to drop us off and
dump about drop us off dump the car I'll
drop them off first and then just find
some alley some out-of-the-way area I
can just dump the car field okay how far
away so the farther away you go the
better it will be for you maybe two or
three blocks okay if there's an area
like that so sorry yeah you buy a place
with a lot of other cars and boxes and
you know it's Tim place it's a compound
where it wouldn't be suspicious in a car
sitting there yeah you find a parking
lot sugar and then Australia australoid
the car down a bit we've
right so when you start to wipe the car
down you are struck by how much blood is
in this column the back seat is a
combination of her blood Mathis is blood
and still other anyone around make a
luck roll 19 that's pretty good all
right so yeah it's pretty quiet all
right
um he's done this part we get the gas
can get the tube out if you siphon some
gas out the car yes okay yeah borrow my
fireball values 8 d 6 right yeah how do
you think so sure yeah
I mean I won't if there's nobody around
so you don't need to make a roll you
well here I'll put it to you this way if
you make a roll if you if you make a
roll you're gonna do this fast otherwise
you're gonna take your time what kind of
role is this look I'd say offer me a
roll you know I'd accept demolitions I
accept doesn't have done oh yeah that's
an option it's like a specialized much
as crafter locksmith and step demo all
Jack's Texas fun decks is great relax
okay so you're gonna you're doing it
fast and if you make the roll
everything's great sixty-seven success
right so yeah you you pretty quickly
doused this car in in oil and then you
like flick the match as you're walking
away fire behind me yeah and you look
back nice and and you will make it back
to the doctor's officer so I'm gonna
have you play the doctor now okay
Alexandre doesn't have a lot to say at
Sandra's just like hurt you know with it
Alexandra is going to collapse very
quickly what getting in there so go
ahead and describe the doctor so John
Doyle son I'm going with that awesome
donald's dr. Doyle s'en cousin weird now
are we John Doyle son is he's about five
foot six five foot seven not a tall man
but definitely portly he Mead bustles
everywhere he walks he is kind of he's
grain early he's in his he's in his late
30s but he's he's already grain has sort
of a salt-and-pepper look to him and
comes around like what on earth is going
on dr. Alexandra said she knows you and
we realized Andrea yeah we sure furred
yeah she's in the hall we desperately
need your help
she's injured grievously again all right
all right yeah you get her in I don't
think you want to know the answer to
that question right now I don't she's
she looks really bad and and he like
goes out and looks and goes oh my god
yes yes come help me carry her in yeah
come to the hotel Parga not it's a great
man he's fine they're all alive I didn't
do anything crazy you're sitting in a
empty hotel room with like the neon sign
light coming in and you already know one
why would I do that to myself okay Bob
and over the radio you hear a bulletin
that comes in that says that the police
are on the lookout for kidnappers who
have kidnapped a police officer oh now I
know it's them
[Laughter]
the kidnappers should be considered
armed and dangerous
and then there's pretty good
descriptions of a couple of the people
that you know it's my mother just taking
note like
which which of the people I know man
describe college anything like that how
many of them I told her not to do it or
described these two are definitely
described
possibly the professor and and and you
know it sounds like these two they nail
these two are less you know the
description well I know have not shooted
the pieces all fall into place as soon
as like oh there's no hope and they and
they they also described the officer
officer Matheson remember is for heaven
Kevin Officer Kevin Mathis according to
my notes anyway I like it
the funny thing is I wrote down his last
name yeah and they described I mean you
do the same thing with McGillicuddy
officer it's funny that Thomas well with
Dave yeah I'm Brian shocked shocked I
said and you know you you know III don't
think that the doctor's office is on
your list of you know bug out places and
now I'm I was thinking about leaving
like messages that are primary hotel and
things like that and I'm like I don't
know who I want to reach out to so I
might just sit tight for the night and
hope that tomorrow I wake up and it was
all he's looking for a creed as we see I
will go to the bar
yeah alright that's so I'll find you
there that warehouse we need to go find
out alright so we we come back to the
dog jobs you're working on Alexandra you
have come back mm-hmm all right took
care of the car where's where's the the
copper oh I've dragged it over no you
dragged him into the hallway Cooper you
brought a copper here we didn't if I was
like item sir presidents you think
there's a what
the leading woman don't worry about
doctors a long story let's make sure to
bind him really good this yeah yeah is
he still breathing I don't know hand
over nose and mouth no he's away
I'd like looks at you on the breath back
how how soundproof is this area I'm very
interested in the answer to this doctor
why wait what is I'm about to start
screaming for help
I've been kidnapped doctor I'm a new you
new yours is he talking yeah didi as
hell rag and put it back in his mouth
yes alright friend here's the thing I
know I know our friend in the operating
room I don't know you so yes you have
the five minutes before but before
before before I let him start screaming
well they just gagged him it will take
care of the doctors don't you worry I
just take care of Amazon well take him
back out in the hallway
Joan rule 36 so yes I made that one I
win where did you get these dice my bad
ones they're anti Amy dice so yeah he
just a Mathis has like a you can all
make psychology rules I don't know why
but sure sure no sheet July 98 I don't
even know why I get it am I take it out
already psychology on him was high but I
don't have the sheet in front of me hmm
did anybody make it he he has a cat that
ate the canary smile on yeah thanks for
the officers I like the fact that he is
handcuffed has a let's talk to him yeah
yeah that's fine
alright let's think and do it some other
room where we close the door under the
our officer the spider thing but how do
you do it I don't know what you're
talking about
yes you do Joan the crowbar yeah so
here's the thing explain your you're
dealing with things you can't why did
you even attack me cuz you're an eyeball
spider dude that's a good reason no no
you are you were spying on why did you
go to the juju house I got some spice
Curtis they killed our friend Jackson
Elias yeah I think his name is
you know Bob you have fallen far afoul
of the bloody tongue what is the bloody
tongue did you do get your friend's
forehead what do you mean and follow
Farah foul
I'm not that English literate what does
that mean does that mean I'm a luminary
I'm out with them I'm onto them I hope
are away become yous coming to kill you
oh yeah well I knew that I knew that the
second Bob killed Jackson Elias what
what is the Cole to the bloody tonk wait
you were in Peru
didn't you see Larkins it's a little
snake symbol oh I know it's a tattoo
it's a pretty tattoo you guys what does
it mean it was kind of cool what does it
have to do Jackson lies and the rest of
us coordinate well I'm assuming Jackson
Elias got too close he got too close
I feel very cliche right now he got too
close to the bloody tongue and he was
gonna expose the bloody tongues that I
had to kill him what is the bloody time
they're just a your doom
very little world called blah blah blah
what do I know about oh they're trying
to bring about the it's a god is it well
what does it mean yeah
so you do know that yeah from your time
in Peru
yes found some you found some
information about the cult of bloody
tongue Jackson Elias talked about it as
being a a death cult from
Kenya that was probably no longer
functioning and yet here we are
it was a it was pretty much a myth and
that's why he was so surprised by
Larkins tattoo because Larkin had a full
he had this the eye on it yeah basically
a stylized version of that tattooed all
over his chest and he didn't you didn't
know how he got the tattoo so he claimed
Larkin is supposed to be the sacrifice
in order to bring something that but I
can't remember father of maggots I
have I have extremely cold you're about
of the cult yeah he's just one of the
henchmen he's the eight-legged henchman
I'm sorry who's the leader leader the
local leader don't go ahead you
explained stroke I'll give you a cat to
stroke while we do this alright do
salicin Kwan name it's gonna be the last
one oh my gosh they got matrixed
apparently I need toner whoa are you
Hill so when you ask who's the leader
he'll say Macomb guy have you heard
enough and out of the so you're in a
small room run out of the corner
a tall shirtless incredibly buff kind of
blurry African man with it looks like
lion paws whoa he's got both of his
hands are clawed with lion paws and he's
wearing a tribal mask he just steps out
of the corner and he looks at you and he
says you've made a grave mistake


we're gonna go to break



imagining this like I dodged bullets oh
my knee
exactly dodged the bullet and he wasn't
paying attention to his knees kept he
makes the car roll to not be knocked out
haha
lucky bastard okay gosh
uh which is more dangerous you have a
gun out yeah but she just hurt him
underwear point of me I'm dangerous to
nobody party obviously he will he holds
up the Lion claws but then he just he
says two words in a language you don't
understand and like you feel pressure
like a sinus headache in your head make
up our roll 65 I'm spent to live 67
which is any to luck all right well I'll
tell you before we spend the cause I'm a
nice guy and because you guys are not in
the best positions here it's gonna take
more than two points so I'll fail the
robot what do we want to inspire it yeah
I'm in favor inspiring yeah you know
three that's a lot thank you for us yeah
struck down again that's a nineteen
that's a success so so the for us for
like one second you feel like almost
like a blood vessel burst in your head
just this like oh and then it's gone and
he sort of looks at you a little more
you know he's cautiously he's he's he's
you have fought off one of his big
attacks right that was 60s 50s 55 so I
am here well what do I hear under a
gunshot that's what you it's real loud
and to answer the question that he
didn't answer before it's really well
sound proof that building alright I'll
accept it yeah so I hear it I'm in the
operating theater in dealing with
Alexandria yes I'm going to turn it over
over to the nurse temporarily because I
was in tree is stable yeah and the nurse
can handle what's going on at the moment
and you know pull and pull and pull and
pull off the the gown and head in that
direction okay so you'll be there next
round yeah all right
so I turn there's Emma yep and then
there's Emma I'm going to run a run back
to the operating theatre and yell I need
chloroform alright whatever that stuff
is what she like a pure chlorophyll
chloroform
it is clear I need for dr. Seuss
knockout gas there's a big animal in the
hallway and we need to neutralize it now
Alexandra you have a lot of questions to
answer
so I'm gonna like he's easy to like grab
a bottle and a couple of rags looking at
hand it to her okay ether maybe yep yeah
whatever the equivalent of it was click
chloroform no chloroform would be yours
yeah so what about the clock there shot
this guy all right take the close close
range
do it do it do it 48 it would be just a
regular - regular hit sorry he has
dodged okay fire you ask you I'm gonna
try that crowbar no all right oh you
come in and he like he grabs the crowbar
I mean one of his paws
you didn't fumble so he's not gonna grab
salaphi magic is not working oh so
animal majors make a dodge roll fraud
Oh your dad just goes decent but I think
it succeed on this Ellison this is it
yes that's hot maybe 31 it's a success
okay you you good hard success or
regular so yeah you dodged okay so like
these claws he just kind of he like
knocks Europe thing away and with this
hand who like wrens towards you and the
claws just go and he is now like
growling he is he's getting angry
but that was him with a 60 so 50s with
it with a 55 I'm so you make it into the
room yeah I'm usually the guy you see a
New York police officer in handcuffs I'm
on the ground totally fine you see a
very tall African man with a mask some
sort of tribal mask and lion's claws
instead of hands might take a swing at
him which room are we in you are in
waiting you're waiting room where you
bring people when they so there's like
there's a couple chairs okay I'm gonna
grab a chair and chuck it at him I like
it make a throw roll I'm gonna give you
advantage because he thank you won't see
it coming I mean no one really did it
back I made it oh my god okay did you
get regular success I got a 12 out of 20
okay so that's how fish all right yeah
roll your damage that's deform okay
with the chair yeah it's like four okay
like a broom like a breakup yes but
we're metal a crowbar that was hammering
him how much did you do sorry for or
nice okay
Sajjad like this doctor come shot into
the room sighs that the situation picks
up a chair just looks the thing this
chair like shatters against him and
knocks his mask off yes and you see the
you know he's bald right oh yeah yes
great idea ready to hurt people you I
have tough choices to Moo and you
realized this is not the guy from the
juju house this is not Silas in quantity
yeah dr. Doyle sin would not know oh
sorry
great you to realize it's not bother you
to really
that isn't the guy okay that's not at
leas Andrea would know that but yeah so
now that the mask is off I'm so tempted
to put that thing on do not I have to
roll my own con in my own head just not
to do it okay just pour some ether in
the ass yeah well no actually now that
as mass goes off its gonna make it much
easier for me to just grapple him and
try to do that but I don't really
there's a grapple no we're gonna call it
fighting okay fighting brawl time yes
and you have advantage because he is
very preoccupied with chairs flying at
advantage I'll keep this 117 again I
mean if you wanna roll the tenants out
of hard success no because a hard
success I have the standard fight it so
kiting brawl yes you should try this so
it's 12 would be my heart success I'll
just take this back and no that's not
right 7 so you were like he's moving so
much that it's hard to get a per do I
get on him though yeah you're on his
back yeah you were like on his back and
do that so hopefully no one else is
don't put the cops go we're back to you
alright so but Emma is on his back yes
she just like jumped up there she's got
a rag of something I was trying to put
over his but the problem is every time
she tries to reach around she almost
gets thrown off so she's kind of just
holding on to you but he's with a
grappling range for me as well he just
daughter wants to try to put the gun
into his gut so it touches his good then
pull the trigger
what happened to knives okay good
question so on the plus side that'll
muffle a lot of the noise yes on the
side it goes through my legs yeah on the
minus side you know if you ain't know
pretty high up
Emma could be you know there could be
some collateral damage go ahead we'll
give it a shot
remember that legs in this universe can
I do that is a regular success alright
um so you run up to him and you just
pull the trigger
and roll damage alright this is a d-10
I'm gonna
so that's a - alright so yeah you got up
to him and he starts to spin away and so
you know you get like his side but he he
like lets out of like ah Romi a spot
hidden role as in 50 and success and
that's the route that's a good all right
the hard six
okay awesome so so you run up and you
like shoot that you see his blood
sort of spatter against a wall and we're
it's bettors against a wall there's like
burning happening a little burning
happening aliens rules that was eighties
sixties all right ice I do not have the
curl bar anymore can I make you
know note it you still you didn't take
it oh he didn't take you and he just
block this block you know home all right
well I'm gonna I'm gonna try to leg
him again do it that's because she's at
the head yeah he now has a disadvantage
on his dodge no I didn't make it alright
those aspiring does inspire it it's
inspired OC burn okay
sure you know I saved those two get out
in New York all right no and I just
again yes okay it's basically a divine
reroll no wait what's the verdict she's
officer speaking of speaking of pulling
a me image oh yeah for you take four
points of damage blasts a crow that was
mid torrid
Kouga like smacks into your back oh
sorry
gosh Doggett he is for a penny in for a
pound pound
yeah that's pound him yep he he starts
to speak again in that language that oh
no no oh no stop it and he reaches out
and points at Malthus and oh no Malthus
starts to like shudder and you hear
mm-hmm a very familiar croaking
squawking noise no not the bird parrot
shark I was hoping it wouldn't turn into
that in this universe and everyone in
this room can make a sanity roll because
I've seen it yeah you don't worry about
it
alright so here's the terrifying part of
this like well I mean all the big I
missed made the rules no didn't fumble
but it wasn't the two of you dismissed
lose three sanity ouchies you lose one
generally doctor you lose none and the
only reason you lose one sanity is not I
mean the thing in front of you is
horrible but what's even more horrifying
is Emma going mad again yeah you guys
saw in Peru how Adventures unconscious
in the hospital is good news for you you
have yes 500 thank you mine
welcome my humble which user thank you
square how no sorry okay we're all on
might get out of New York without the 20
to life maybe this may not have to wait
20 years I mean when you don't come back
I'll miss when I came in the first thing
Thomas said was we're gonna do another
reboot so yeah here comes back New York
again a very symbolic room this thing is
about 10 foot tall it is it is like
leaning down in this room in your brain
the only way that you can rationalize
this beast is that it is some awful
combination of all of the worst parts of
a parrot a shark and and some sort of
like bird of prey its bird parrot short
thing we can call it now I'm like mattad
what's up art of the pecos hey I'll tell
you exactly the worst part of a parrot
is like when it's when it's feathers are
like matted and it's like the feathers
are like really gross and oh it's
terrible I'm not a big fan I thought it
was a fleece anyway he's gonna blow a
hole through the wall again or was that
us who did that
oh that was a no we can go altogether
math the the Malthus thing fully
transforms and lets out the Jurassic
Park roar well you know the Hefner hears
that you guys need some help and so here
are another 1,500 bits oh my god thank
you I'm still gonna end up having the
back of Emma but I mean I have dr.
Donald Olsen right in front of me named
for like next learn his name quick I
still have it
alright so that was on 60s 50 55 yes so
I just saw this thing transform yes yeah
you have it you have some questions
ah questions is a good word um
is my office close to the waiting room
sure okay now I'm gonna like duck out
run to my office and grab the pistol
that I keep there yeah yeah you have a
pistol like under the desk yeah I'm just
you grab that you'll be back in the room
next round
do I get I'm still on what's the gesture
you gotta try and knock about 254 I
don't know what I'm rolling for you are
doing a fighting wolf oh they totally
fail okay so let's see yeah
you have advantage though because you
are they try on his back so you get
another ten boo I make it by one go
anymore okay
he does not dodge so roll me a d6 I'm
gonna that is gonna be far okay so
that's gonna be twenty so he's gonna his
bond is reduced by twenty I'm gonna make
a con roll for him he makes a con
but you a mine there am I glad to get up
on you and he's like huh so does he
hopefully I have a disadvantage going
forward then because I'm basically on
his mouth like this the whole time it's
gonna be a struggle okay yeah alright on
90s parrot bird shark is going to try
and take a chomp out of you so you
should make a dodge run yeah
64 is not a success but I can't spend
one of these bad boys I am second yeah
yep yep we tried to throw them at you
like fifteen success and that is hearts
excite yeah there is the horror sound of
row after row of teeth chomping on each
other as like the beak and the the rows
of shark teeth
I'll just go Ching right right close to
you as you barely dodged out of the way
God ladies the high priest still
has to get I'll take him out okay I'll
shoot him
alright
you got to be fine because you do know
the Lord likes more damage to Emma than
you are yeah all right 47 is a regular
success all right so you you're still up
close with him so you pull the trigger
roll damage that's another two all right
well so I'm gonna I'm gonna add that to
the dam to whatever she does in terms of
making his con role harder okay so
that's gonna be 210 added to whatever
you get for its control accident alright
that is 80s 70 60s 60s all right so I
have you three little things to go after
now ya know the shark thing has got to
go down so I'm gonna take my crowbar
okay and I'm gonna go after the house
down I guess I give all zeroes problems
you have to Farrar's are not normally
thought of as ranged weapons right you
just like Huck the crowbar and it jams
about two inches into the sheetrock of
the wall going through the soundproofing
I'm a back-alley doctor of course I
accept what your bar is now embedded in
the wall that's better than it could
convince yes yes
so he'll make the con roll on your turn
okay he is gonna try and Wow
no wait dr. Doyle sighs I know she's got
and the strength versus your size role
that's that one what is your size my
goals no I'm not ruling anything no you
are roll your size yeah it's a fourteen
oh yeah actually it's hard success for
sure oh nice okay in that case I'm
gonna double your d6 this round coal or
doing doing doing four of the got it for
the chloroform yeah because he tries to
throw you off
yeah and you're just latched on with
that yeah cuz I got the two hands right
of terror yeah okay that was 60s 50s I'm
coming back with it with my gun yep you
are back in the room 42 take a shot with
with a 45 wow that's gonna be loud good
soundproofing well but bad for
everyone's ears I'm sorry guys that's
alright I'm gonna take a shot at the
parrot shark thank you it okay it waited
in this small space I'm gonna give you
advantage thank you because there's not
a lot of dodging that it can do yeah
kind DM oh that was a nice touch
yeah alright that is a 41 out of 60 so
that is a success all right roll damage
excellent
that is a 1d 10 that is not you turn
post d 10 + 2 3 all right so it's clear
this thing like the bullet doesn't get
full purchase its if it's some sort of
padding or the feathers or noddings
yeah there's but you you've got a little
damage to it all right all right roll
your deep so you got angry Rex yeah oh
that would be 4
alright so that's 20 plus his 10 is 30
so he's minus 30 on his con okay cool he
goes down to one knee so now we're the
same height so I can stand up that's an
entire new who are on him and he like
goes down to one knee he is he is
flagging the ref have lifted his arm
once but the third time it came up yep
today I don't know if they even still do
that Pro Wrestling I don't watch Pro
Wrestling
I've got a story about not Pro Wrestling
but I'll save it for later alright that
was the end of the round so we go back
to 90s when the parrot thing you just
shot it so does my dad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it it like
roars and there's a very there's a
there's a sound almost like a hairball
from a chocolate seriously and the thing
like own else's in its throat and spit
something at oh yeah yeah I would make
that this rose
I did not make that all right oh you are
doused in a very caustic burning some
sort of chemical agent that your doctor
and you take six out yeah I get the
decent you take three points of damage
I'm saying you are gonna be a
disadvantage on all actions you until
you can like rinse your out your face
yeah this is over old up with pulp roses
smell that is on you smells like the
taste in your mouth after you throw up
that like acid lay down you know it's I
know what you're talking about that and
the smell is just overpowering it's
terrible I my divorce me alright 80s
you've got the priests down well I mean
kick it was an odd is he outers you just
know he's on his down well it's just off
shoot him then again then time for this
car so 67 is a regular success alright
he has disadvantage to his dodge Wow in
one of the more impressive things you've
ever seen
he matrixes with Emma on his back
oh that's a move you like you might run
up and he's just like TV like he looks
to the side the bullet and Emma looks to
the side at the bullet at the same time
I was hoping you would flip and Lucy my
sensible shoes come up all right 80 60s
all right shark thing I'm gonna run
and pull my because that's all I got
right now okay yeah so pull it out make
me well you thought will make me a
strength rule yeah yeah yeah get out of
the wall you fumbled yes all right so
you're not 9 that's a 9 oh okay well in
that case you should add and you can
attack this run awesome roll wheat all
right oh yeah I missed try okay so
you're taking a swing at the shark yes
Jairus Byrd thing yes oh one what so
that is double damage yes thank you
six okay kick its ass kick its ass six
and two eight points of damage so you
just you pull like in one motion
you pull the crowbar out of the wall and
swing it around and bury it English
whatever passes for a shoulder slash
wing of this thing and you you were
using like the forward end of the
crowbar and it definitely finds
purchases and you it like the it lets
out a horrible noise as you and I laugh
maniacally yeah that's troublesome
alright we found our new bells the high
priest oh gosh what is he gonna do he's
gonna try and like just gouge you with
the the lion cloth he has dodged that
cuz I'm attached to him so basically
you're gonna make a dodge roll who's
gonna have disadvantage because you are
yeah yeah you have the the advantageous
donation so a regular success will dodge
this oh but I have to roll dodge
oh yeah look at that
oh nice yeah so he like hard six I liked
I don't have dodge so it's just regular
yes your what it's happened X 620 yeah
so he reaches up and he's gonna he tries
to gouge you and you see again that this
is like a glove over his hand and he's
like hand is like it got there's like a
strap that's connected to it and the the
claws come very close to your face but
they miss that was 60s 50s I'm gonna
take another shot at that parts right
the 45 goes off again kaboom very loud
my apologies to everyone for that's good
Wow guessing that's a critical out of
a sixty yes sorry no no that's gonna be
double damage and so of these things and
the sad part is it got a hard success on
that is fourteen the plus two 14 plus
two yes you're right sixteen sixteen
points of damage
all right all the checks unless so you
pull out the 45 and yes shades of
officer McGillicuddy you you point the
45 at it and just blam and tear open its
chest your crowbar now slides out if I
just loves off and there's a there's a
wheat like almost superimposed you see
Malthus like kind of like the bird turns
into Malthus turns into the bird as he
like slumps down to to to his two knees
and then falls forward so wait is he
Berger math which one is he on the
ground yeah bird okay okay which is much
Oh 40s Oh names out your yeah you've got
again 2d6 out so wait where's my other
six alright so he's gonna go down for
sure what's up that's six points
damage okay so six that's 32 his he
rolled very well he is staying on his
knees on his knee ah perhaps the
adrenaline of being shot at okay mm-hmm
keeping him away alright this could be
the last time to combat your finish this
priest off alright whole night team
which is hard that's the hard success
all right so that's max you do max
damage excellent always just d-10 just
is not da 10 so 10 D 10 plus q well the
this I know this is a 30 so you do 10
points of damage - that's right I forgot
I gave you the 3845
was he still alive he he slumps to the
ground okay is he sure they're like a
yeah it's act like a penis okay I could
have sworn that his blood was burning or
boiling or doing something to the wall
is there anything about him he's easy so
he's on the floor it looks like yes
where his where he's bleeding there's a
slight acid tint to it it's not like you
know it's not enough to do damage or
anything like that
but there's definitely his blood is not
also I was dead alright just checking we
didn't check before what the hell is
that
which one the whatever the bird thing
alright you long if you've seen this
before
boy yeah white didn't you see you lot
you lot sort this out I'm going back to
gentleman in this collar going like
scrub up to go back into surgery sir
I'm gonna leave a tip for you if you
help us with the situation yes so we're
gonna have to figure out what to look
alexandria and I have an understanding
I'll help I'll help out I think you can
okay yes mo mm-hmm what is that that's a
bird parrot shark
what is the bird parrot short dude yes a
guy turned ya you fought one in Peru
that it's like why are they here what do
you mean it's the cult the bloody
serpent tongue oh oh yeah I got it got
it got it
this is I'm sorry to have to shorthand
when we spot when we found the Jackson
lies but it's there they're here they're
here
they're not just in Peru it's not
exclusive they're after us they will
continue to be after us until we put an
end to this cult nobody tongue was that
a police officer was it a Parris it was
I'm sure a police officer at one time
but now he's working for the cult and
they have free range to Jesmond just
change people into Paris that would be
yes yes all right well no no I'm I'm
definitely in these guys need to be
stopped
Oh what do we do well I I don't know
part of me kind of wanted to question
the guy well first of all chicken wings
hide the body
yeah I know we gotta go pick up Silvano
more like person on it waiting for their
date every time the door oh oh sure
he'll show up at some point denying she
always drinks what is the the the doctor
need help with what the situation was
well right now the doctor is dealing
with alexandria and getting her as fixed
up as he can get her and once he's dealt
with that he'll come back to deal with
them I want to search the priests spell
Oh bones everything about him is unusual
okay so
to put on the mask
how would you scare the mask the mask is
like it looks like an a tribal mask of Z
alright how much we can get for it it's
wood
that's about yay thick there are eye
slits and then a mouth pole it attaches
with a leather strap that in the back
has two hooks that hook together and the
hooks are very sharp oh don't put it on
and use side so on the outside right the
mask was hanging to somehow anybody can
make with a colt can make a roll just
looking at it I'll make it fit perfect
feel it yeah oh my god okay 99 occult
yeah alright I got I want I got it okay
you got it okay
these are gonna sign your head oh these
are symbols that seem to be emblematic
of some tribes near Kenya near Nairobi
so you are looking at this and you are
in full on conspiracy mode you're just
like you know that symbol means this and
you know you turn into the beam of the
person with the math showing up cos
you're know you're Charlie with the red
string for in the juju oh yeah you are
lame sir you are losing sanity you make
you're you're you're seeing you know
you're seeing swamp gas and weather
balloons everywhere in this oh I'm
seeing some cash we need some cash can
we can I'm gonna take the mass
conversion what is there no no no no no
orderly sell it and get some cash for
this massive weight everything Damascus
nothing nobody can put it on this mask
this mass has to be stopped
what why why not he had it on gives
power to all of his followers
that's exactly why because it gives
power to his followers so if somebody
comes and gets the mask and it takes
possession of the mask then we have now
[Laughter]
that's too bad because I could I know
some markets where this would go yeah
but do you trust you really want to put
the mask on yeah you do if I put on this
play you remember Emma put on a mask and
I'm in literacy problems and she like
saw visions she saw prophetic vision 37
fight me she's like there's like a try
to yank I won't take Emma but I'm Emily
good let me look at it let me just try
recognize the look in his eyes because
it's the looking all right I'm down for
burning it now I I see I see the light
doesn't work let let me know when
Doyle's and comes back in it's important
it's important to them to this to keep
it somewhere somewhere safe
no no no it's a point so then they'll
find it and that we'd be bad you just
took my thing and put it in a safe what
do you think I would do I would take a
crowbar and break open the safe that's
what I would do
you know nothing about opening safe no
no I'm on I see the light I see that
look at no no we don't want anybody else
to be wearing so where were his coal
there's a furnace thank your mr. adang
closing event right now they're happy
that furnace Ramona : no IIIi dream of
the money but I see medical guys
basically you would need that you're
gonna need to sell up the bird parrot
for its nurse and and boy the smell hmm
we're not involving the nurses he also
had the lion elephant check that you can
have no it's like a it's like a lion
skin basically that drapes down to about
your waist
it's fans an analyst done of arms of it
he's this size of 65 that tells me
nothing
so that's average height average size
for the 20s it's a little small on you
but you can you can you know it fits all
right check out the little lion claw
thing yeah it it seems like they would
they're very sharp
Wow there is clearly blood in them you
know dried blood there is they have they
have worked as a weapon before nothing
else is valuable and maybe it's a
costuming and wear to it to disguise our
self if we need to deal with this yeah
yeah keeping it yes no good call good
call
you have that uses scallops anytime you
use them in a fight you'll be you'll do
an extra D for damage nice if you if you
punch basically if you fight brawl but
you'll also be beating people out
because yes sure intimidate pretty much
what you find you find some stuff in his
pocket that is kind of random there's
like charcoal and some spices and just
you know stuff that makes no sense to
you would that make any sense to our
called person might be yeah you Cole
yeah yeah yeah well not only that did
they notice where the spices packaged in
it's hard no you sure so some of
these spices you have seen books that
describe rituals that like entails some
some of these spices and you know
charcoal in particular is very
prominently used and you know often how
the charcoal was created like what was
burning when the charcoal was created
has a plays a big part in the ritual
that sort of thing and what kind of
rituals we're talking about well I mean
you don't know what this charcoal is but
but you know these were most of these
were rituals that you recognize about
burning witches yeah okay and where the
spice is in a bag that's similar to the
bag that looks very similar to the juice
yes so by now it's getting close to
midnight as a docent come back in is
sure yeah yeah all right
Alexandre is resting okay she's she
needs to recover some but she'll be fine
dr. Whibley we can't explain this I
can't explain we just asked for your
discretion and your assistant Simmons
and then I pull it somebody huh money
money yeah pull out the money that I do
have I don't know if reddit rating is
still 40 in this world or if it's less
because no it's word okay okay I'm not
worried about that Alexandria helped me
out with a few things okay and let's
just say I owe her so yeah we're
eternally grateful and we're gonna be
trial what do you need
I'm disposing of this your weight room
covered in blue blood there is yeah
there's blood everywhere there's
something a lot of like charred stuff
now from the acid blood all right there
are two large dead bodies in it every
piece of furniture has been shattered
all right I'm all I'm sure not
everything I'm going to send the nurse
like only pieces of furniture I'm going
to send the nurse home early one other
door and all of you are I'm gonna give
all of you cutting implements and you're
going to help me dismember these things
and put them in the furnace oh yeah all
right have any of you not never
dismembered some any of you I mean how
many of you have been involved in
dismembering before it has a human being
no no it's not
it's a bird Mukunda is a human being the
parent shark thing isn't the parent
shark things worse sorry this is wrong
wearing masks shark and gloves I'm
coming in slowly
all right so in an apron the dream of
your name I don't know obviously Donnell
oh my god like like slap gloves and a
mask against his chest so the two of you
that have not done this before are gonna
make sanity rules also work really
slowly like I would be like I'll get
that and then just what you know
all right if you drop what is wrinkled
you don't have to 91 how much barfing oh
my god Marvin yes I totally made it Wow
lady lady there's a trash bit over there
sanity three meals though take care of
Sylvia will tell her she's not doing
anything she's leaning over like I don't
get assigned like and you get assigned
to doing the heat the Makunga yeah and
somebody hands you a bone soft start
with the toe and you know the person
next to you just cuts right into it it's
and you were down on the garbage yeah
it's all right you leave you should take
I can't go anywhere because I'm wanted
she's just change your outfit costume
disguise something okay girls appearance
is rolling out of the room it's the
garbage can in about an hour you will be
able to go out yet do you have you have
no clothes without socks oh look make a
luck roll me yeah okay let's see how
much did you keep spare clothes around
if the doctor smokes fat fumble all
right in the incinerator so so I
don't be knocked and you get the idea
I'm gonna go look for and all you find
is a drawer full of women's underwear
you don't want to know his weaknesses
hedonism yes we know what it's like
fancy 20s underwear yeah
it's like no it's really lingerie okay
it's it's nice stuff okay I mean not
that Emma would know so over my current
shirt well yes so another sanity check
you have agency in this world Emma you
can do whatever you have I'm just saying
you know like if I had this was all full
of blood and you handed me like just put
it straight on over there's a be like
we're ready to go let's go you gotta put
the lion sudo wakes up well wakes up not
that long being useful it's gonna be a
probably a day a boat ride ed you've had
major so long day you've had
changer surgery done you've got multiple
stitches suits you know you've done the
only thing when when she's back she's
gonna be only down to hit points okay
I'm good speaking of which when do I get
mine back first aid you can look at the
doctor desk for him I was gonna ask him
I forgot about that
so in his hunger with the doctor I
should not help somebody to go after
Silvio I'd be willing to I have disguise
look let's just go okay and whatever
we're ready to go it's gonna take us
some time to clean the stuff yeah
they're gonna be doing be doing it's
wrong you can go you know you can like
put if you feel like ask and all the
jackets guys okay can I get you make a
disguise we're gonna be late this area
no there's gotta be like a trench coat
or something that's that doctor made it
alright so you can check disguise he's
not probably sleeping is it so you take
she takes a
it takes a little time and like takes
the trenchcoat and covers it up most of
the blue and Mike's like a scarf out of
like underwear what's a hat steals
Donald's hat and no seals the doctors
had put it on hey yeah like you're gay
okay so in the meantime though can I get
my leg looked at that was bashed in
they're all very busy carving up
something you don't want to see no
honestly though if she asks the doctor
wouldn't would turn away to help her she
doesn't want to go in that room no no I
never assuming it's not broken zonal
yeah no your tonics and dams you're fine
um every night if you're without first
aid every night you rest you get a point
back okay so you're gonna head to the
hotel all right good night
make me a con roll how's drawing that if
you're still up oh no I don't think at
this point I'm still up do you want me
to so roll for I mean I make it but okay
ya know you've gone to bed yeah and I
think this is more how much I'll call
I've had you you're you're you're
assumed name whatever it may be yeah is
on the list okay so you get you have
three rooms at the hotel organ on okay
and who would be assigned to those rooms
I'm assuming it's a boy's room a girl's
room
and then and then the doctor yeah and
and you know they'll tell you that oh
one of your party is here and he seemed
very anxious he was checking for
messages oh yeah I apologize I am a
little bit later and I didn't leave
message do you know what room is yeah
it's the boys room the boys are next to
yes well I know he tests NZ to pass out
in the bathroom but which 12 got it okay
ha that way my assumed name is Annie
Hathaway I mean yeah I'm Alexandra
assumed name is is Irene Adler so so
yeah with that role you hear the knock
I'm just like everything's fine it's
gonna be a police officer or wait do I
hear your voice you hear me saying I
have to pee open the door Oh was it
wasn't you it was the radios tell me it
wasn't just get in the get in the room
I'm in the I opened the door thank you
let me in oh by the way I still have to
pee yeah and then you're trying to talk
to me while I'm peeing I'm like I can't
hear you Nick Ulis trip like two sizes
too big trench coat I had a hat and a
mustache and like a big pencil mascara
on mustache yes
you know hilarious about this to me oh I
don't have to ask anymore if she
actually didn't is like 15 size smaller
than Alexandria 45 oh Jesus I'm bigger
than he is
oh all right the coats a little small oh
[Laughter]
no oh no they did it they did it what
are we being accused of let's start
there step 1 Oh Jude I started drinking
shortly after I heard on that what was I
just heard your descriptions and then
the police were after you you kidnapped
you can't prove that find the body so
they they have the description not
having event Donnell and then they have
the rough descriptions of Alexandria our
names or any other the names that
they've got good description of this so
here's the thing we're gonna have to
book I'm gonna have to ask well hey how
are you dresser I got the notes for the
the juju house I got the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the layout
of the G what you needed me to do
there's the leftover the sandwich that I
got what I was waiting for you yes it
was it good go back I wouldn't go all
the way over there yeah I mean but if I
was in the area I go back so what did
you do house like tell me about was
there like a tunnel or anything under
the ground like what was the bottom
floor about did I find there's a base
yeah yeah there's no like connection to
the sewers or anything like that okay
I mean unless they've there's no mark
are markings for a while or anything
underneath that not that okay and this
single owner is Silas Kewanee in quani
in Kona no actually named I don't know
if I don't ah up I think I was just
getting the the guy said when he came
out of the wall yeah okay aha got it
um okay thank you I'm terrified never
I'm excellent like that she still is
they're still blood all over oh yeah
well I'm gonna okay artfully hidden
takes off the jacket yeah yeah yeah yeah
wearing like a chemise or like oh my god
oh look it's sheer so like you can see
Blythe I start to ask questions but I
don't know which to ask and so I just
stop and do you really want to know the
answer to that I don't start again
here's what I'm thinking we're gonna
have to go see since I'm I'm assuming I
can't go to the funeral or I can't go to
the funeral looking like this of Jackson
Elias you're gonna have to go to the
funeral if we choose not to go to the
funeral you brought some of your clothes
here right yes I do have a change of
clothes but I can't change this
situation so we'll leave the most oh
yeah
we should go to the reading of the will
we should definitely get to Jackson
Eliza's lawyer and see exactly nothing
he's not the reading of the will has not
been mentioned at all just the funeral
no but it's obvious well it's obviously
you'd be it as well because you were
working closely with him occasionally
will a colles get included in possibly I
mean you know oh we're going off on a
tangent nobody else anyway ho here's a
little crazy as well well I'm trying to
parse the information that you're giving
and then still the questions that I have
and I've just tried to piece this focus
back around to we may or may have not
have done some things that we regretted
mostly not but a little later we have my
kinda just motion at the blood but which
is kind of it just at you which is just
you to you we're gonna need five tickets
that is the next that is the next
episode title we may or may not have
done some things we regret it is mostly
not okay I'm paying attention for
tickets so we're gonna go to London I
mean you should come we're not asking
any questions so four of us have to go
to London or someplace just have fun
dance but if not later yeah Amy you
almost let me spit my very close do we
do we need to get word about you not be
in New York and around go to London so
are we getting whatever whatever can
tell in Syracuse I want to ask like so
we'll take the rented car up to which
rented car the one you're gonna rent
again you want so that one did my round
anymore okay so my I'm renting a car and
getting tickets from what port Jesus
I don't know I don't know Canada that
well yeah
whatever she was like when you hear
Daniel asked for whatever ship is
Toronto and you may also want to rent a
car in a different name if they give you
a ticket for Calgary do not hear the
stampedes are terrible but tonight rest
I'm still I'm still drunk
write this down I'm writing this down
don't write it down I'll tell you again
tomorrow then I am I going to sleep no
sure that sounds about right
okay you could have fought you feel like
you could pass out as well yeah I think
I'm gonna go to sleep
Alexandra still just a conscience don't
go outside so are you why do they know
about me no they don't know about you
but you told them nothing nobody oh we
gotta figure out what we're doing
we'll finish the cleanup job yes it's
terrible all right the doctor has some
patient beds for patients to recover and
sure yes rest here in the morning and
the morning we'll take care of whatever
yeah right care of whatever
I'll lock everything down and not open
up the clinic tomorrow excellent thank
you all right are you good is the doctor
going home no the doctors gonna stay too
okay because he's a little concerned
about Alexandra he's gonna stick around
and make sure that she wakes up okay
tomorrow we'll transition to you being
Alexandria cool and it is tomorrow
terrain so you to wake up you're awful
for various reasons I have a very
different reason I really the entire
story again and say you can't write this
down I don't want to remember and you to
wake up feeling much better if either of
you were injured you get a point back
we're surprisingly oh wait going back
yes you get back you didn't do I wake up
with the negative to Daman yeah I'm
gonna get soda breakfast today
yeah funerals today at noon hopefully
they serve lunch hopefully do so first
do I need to find a proper doctor you
can i buy him
that mustache I wanna sail in the day
shave dye the hair and then Donnell is
average height average size pretty
average looking guy in general a slight
change his hair and initially different
clothes yeah he blends a little bit okay
maybe just cut it down sure
nope I also wrote for this guy's alright
she rolled in ninety three so I'm gonna
give you a disadvantage on this role
46th fail you should roll for us because
he's trying to disgust me and asking me
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hilarious he's cutting my hair
she didn't Bowl so you're aware that
it's not a great I have no change the
hair colored bow and she that should be
enough so your she was unable to change
your hair cover your heads can we light
the hair cannot ninja come become like a
limiter look our wings expensive but
I'll just put a hat on I had no hat
alright cuz I need to buy know me and I
don't know if this is coming out of my
pocket so I'm so far coming out of your
pocket yeah yeah I don't know if I can
afford to what well you barely afford
for four you're gonna get like so if you
only get five tickets to London I can
rent a car and and look at the price of
wigs but five five can't you do like a
down payment with like folks he gets on
layaway they're not gonna be good
tickets yeah you will not be in the
nicest in steerage yeah not maybe not
quite steerage there will definitely be
some sharing of rooms
ok so let's wait on that look let's wait
until after the reading the other will
so I'm trying to just get disguised I
mean you find or you can go to you can
go to a costume store and you buy a
bunch of wigs and well I'm not made of
money
ok fine to five week to wigs like eight
dollars and you got some money I'm just
being you know and then you go to her
house and get some clothes and you know
that sort of thing I already pack some
clothes back when we were going to the
alternate hotel
I think we're good when you're packing
about xandria all right so where are you
all meeting I'm staying at the hotel
okay you're not a motel all right I'll
pay better racist you're gonna stick at
the hotel so you two you can go see
Alexandra yeah she is
you're still a little weak waking up in
bed Oh like hell you have you'll have
disadvantage on everything you do until
you are recuperated and rested another
two days probably okay and but you like
he walks in and you see the the evident
steps of a failed disguise you know like
and and just start giggling I've never
made good things like somehow they made
him look more like himself it's the best
version yes his cheekbones have been
brought out those donno you've never
looked more handsome giggling I
appreciate it but perhaps you can fix my
hair can I like sit up very slowly and
try I'm disadvantaged on that check Jim
you will have disadvantage on everything
you do and do you know it's a 90 all
right so it's you know there's I would
have succeeded if not for the
disadvantage there's there's just
nothing that can you know there's
nothing you have Donnell you have black
hair yeah like what do you expect us to
do well just wear a hat he gets a head
on it just change his jacket or what not
right so what are your plans I can't
just leave I need to get my things
okay it's it's too hard to do together
III haven't your our stuff is in the
original hotel well his apartment oh you
have an apartment in New York
okay it's his stuff all right as he has
important things he asked you surely
without dr. Lam Donnell I have a
suggestion
ow
um we we all know where the backup hotel
is right all right well let's take a
couple of hours get our things come back
to but to the backup hotel and we'll
regroup and decide what we're doing from
there I need to look a bit beat up what
well I do definitely yeah
shark parrot thing came back and had a
master with him who high-priest my ego
yeah McCune got a tall African fellow
and ya know he was very very he was very
in the occult way and he was trying to
to slay us I've never heard of
we haven't either till last night he
left behind the mask it was a it was the
the leadership mask of the entire cult
with the bloody Tong it's linked to all
the followers whoever wears that mask
controls any up and they can cast spells
change him at the parrot sharks now or
perhaps you can see into the future
no we the things you burn it yes she's
getting it safely we can use it later to
overpower someone burned it please we
burned it good we burned it anyway what
took the mask the mask is important you
don't want to see your future
no don't belittle be more do you
remember the mask that we run into in
Peru some sort of a mirror mask I
believe the one that Emma put on the
course you put it on of course you put
it on there it's better than its bunch
that mirror I said it's gone the mere
mask is still in Peru yes and the museum
storage enough yeah
all right let's we're going to fruit no
what are you ask we're not going to mask
no I need to see the future but any case
we let's all get our things
yes come in the back door of the hotel
has made up in one of the rooms in a
couple of hours so it's now it's going
I'm okay so wish I could help doing the
disguise they don't have me spirit I
think the three of us can go because the
the description of the two of us was
very vague description of that was I
come back with two weeks for be sticky
we're gonna regroup at the hotel yes
with with Emma and Silvio I mean some
okay so after a couple of hours when
you've gotten your eyelid and all the
rest of actually listen to me tell you
about as important thing yeah so
it's violent Silvana literally listens
to me talk about McCune got with a
mouthful of sticky bun just like I'd
like it better this way
oh hey da no I'm gonna remember this
trick or maybe I do remember this trick
Oh sticky bun yeah I'm talking to at the
same time and now and now I have my hand
I not go away as I his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I look
concerns so you're gonna beep down I'm
very happy I can't understand writing up
your stuff right you three are gonna go
to the funeral
yes yeah sticky bun only a min on the
burnt part parent shark become babe I
pellet oh I would like to try a disguise
at least I myself to church Brian water
you know what you'll get advantage well
you'll get a normal role you'll get
advantage because of his wigs gotcha
gotcha cool I made it I got a hard
success alright first time let them in
my disguise actually been used
check that yes I got a heart yes alright
so you were both pretty well disguised
yeah so you know yep maybe start
keeping a pencil with me you room
service sounds good
I feel so much better now Emma give me
some money no I I'm we're sharing the
pencil all right so you head to the
funeral of Jackson Elias and and this is
all very familiar to me yes it is you
have been here before weird sense of
deja vu at the funeral the same things
are said the the Oceano still there
the reporter is there let's see yeah
it's Jonah Kensington Carlton Ramsey and
Rebecca Schoenberg that's right you see
all those people
Rebecca show schanberg is a reporter for
the New York Times
she is working she's the one who wrote
the story about she's been working on
the story of Hilton Adams and she is
very interested in when she knows that
you're friends of Jackson Elias
well actually we saw her already we met
her yeah oh yeah yeah what she doesn't
let see you I met up with her he is all
the word disguise oh yeah
she does not recognize him no I'm okay
with us hmm
didn't you go see her no she is she
asks how you knew Jackson Elias
research partners with your voice I'm
gonna give her advanced I'm gonna say
yeah cuz well cool so she you know she
like asks you a few questions and it's
clear she's sort of angling for a story
but good for her III know her I'm
looking for anything but she doesn't
recognize either of you there is here we
go
Carlton Ramsey ah yes Carlton Ramsey is
a dapper african-american gentleman he's
well dressed
his hair is immaculate he clearly cares
about how he looks and he drives a fast
car yep there he goes and he will come
up to offer if you make luck rolls you
don't have to worry about this one I
made mine
okay he will come up to come how much
did you miss it by you know what he
comes up to you 30 faster you you
haven't had a seen yet so so he's not
disguised he's come from he also missed
it by like 52
yeah Ramsey is like you're at the buff
you're at the buffet with like a shrimp
mmm Ramsey comes up behind you and very
very quietly says I don't know who's
saying it so I like just slowly I
recognized
the other shouldn't be look
[Music]
the cop in the pantsuit he he nods over
and you see this gentleman is like
casing the funeral pool
my name is Colton Ramsay I just put a
business card in your pocket a check
[Music]
that's very wise I wonder if they can
hear a ours so whispering wake up at all
well you guys missed the best part of
[Laughter]
Carlton Branson his attorney recognized
them Wow and he told Nick to get the
heck out of there and come by his office
later tonight well I will go up to
everyone in a whispering voice assume
that I'm whispering because apparently
yes that is just wasted yes and we're
method actors how can we yeah hey
there's a there's a cop here looking for
us I was just and that's when you say
Oh like and then you you see her go boat
pool and of course it's pool got this
very spiffy business card from Carlton
Ramsey okay wait no I'm not gonna I'm
just gonna assume soon lately if he
recognized us then he had to he would
make sense okay now that makes sense
No what did you say to meet him at his
office later tonight all right we should
believe we should go now okay
and I'm like keeping half an eye on ice
cream you one by one not as oh yeah now
this you know now that you see him he is
clearly doing the like look at everyone
here mm-hmm I'm gonna grab more shrimp
before I carve it come he does not yet
you do not feel like you know he noticed
you all right so I'm going to ring ring
the hotel and call it call Emma okay and
tell her hey make me make me an
intelligence rule actually make me hmm a
law role do you have any law no all
right make me an intelligence well good
ask someone to help you with
intelligence intelligence is very happy
okay and I still miss it I miss it by
six making a call when an operator's
listening does that seem like a
prostitute you okay so you make a call
all right you call I'm gonna call and
say by the way the New York police were
famous for listening to calls in the 20s
and beating confessions out of people
yes I'm gonna call and say we're meeting
at Carlton Ramsay's okay and then just
hang up done like that's all you have to
tell me all right yeah well because it's
Emma and she and I know right that's
exactly right
okay so we fast-forward to let's say
9:30 at night
okay good mom it's dark you guys feel
his office is in Harlem you come to his
office with a third car
I think we're not visit this boy so many
on spire
it's like the IRA are here and he he he
recognizes each and every one of you
he acknowledges you by name Oh Jackson
has told me a great deal about you guys
and he's like I'm a cane or something
yeah yeah you were there yeah we're the
old Ramses off you know and I express
Maya said Sara
mr. Paulo jeez and apologize that I
couldn't be there in person but well
I've heard that you had some
difficulties yes following up on some
loose ends
that ran out calls me why did you kidnap
a police office well it wasn't the
police officer or maybe it wasn't he's a
bad guy
so yeah cute so we were following up on
what we thought the murderers were of
Jackson Elias and things gonna I didn't
kidnap anybody things got out of hand
okay that's all I'll say
all right well I know that Jackson has
engaged in some unorthodox activities
and I pull out a dollar bill and be like
I would like to hire you as my counsel
for we could further have any further
discussions lawyer-client
confidentiality hmm
he he looks Unitas very well I am now on
the retainer fantastic so we can speak
freely
yes back Tony Kruk client privilege will
cover all of it thank you okay continue
so mr. Elias has left each of you
something in his will
hmm
but it is could there is a contingency
it is contingent upon well yeah I'm
pretending like I haven't heard this I'm
mostly interested into the contingency
yeah you're gonna be less interested
contingent you don't know it could have
lots of contingencies so we should make
Thomas rate it
we should I have he's painting yeah I
will I will begin before I read the real
mr. Elias last last week left a letter
for me to be read to eat to you in the
the more legible version didn't did your
turn to run out here's a new calendar
oh yeah we're off this timeline already
yeah we've bumped up the reading of the
will from by a day yep it was already
bumped up because it bumped up from the
19th to the 17th
yeah actually easier to read in the book
now greetings from beyond the grave
by now you know a neck then I've really
left you in a whole heap of trouble if I
were still around to have an opinion on
the matter I would understand if you
decided to walk away from the from it
all
hell if I'm dead right now if I'm dead
right now that's a good indication I
should have I should have done the same
but you know me too well and I know you
too well
if you were the kind of person who
always did the smart thing dick among
friends Emma you've been there when I
needed you in the past
Peru what was the what was the thing
that you did with Jackson Elias no that
was that broom yeah Peru but never not
the boat here the budget do you know
doesn't exist in this universe thumbs up
and I hope you will again even if it's
too late for me I've been pulling
threads all over the world and while
most of them are still unraveling I
think I'm on to something big Carlton
and Jonah can fill you in with the
details I've left some of my papers with
Jonah and notes with Carlton they should
help you work out which which hornet's
nest you need to poke next I trust you
to bring my killers to justice
of course I'm assuming I was murdered
it'll be just plain embarrassing if I
was run over by a trolley follow my
investigation to its bloody end and seek
out the truth I'm not asking you to
finish my book I know none of you can
write worth a damn I'm just asking you
to figure out what happened and stop
what's going on your friend all is jacks
the bloody end huh mmm the bloody end of
the bloody tone so as you can see mr.
Elias was in an agitated state of mind
he in his will he left the sum of around
$25,000 I thought it was $80,000 we'll
call it 50 what a bargain
sold the sum of around $50,000 to you
contingent on that money being spent to
continue his work in his research on the
Carlisle expedition Carlisle mmm-hmm Oh
haven't you been reading the papers
what's that got to do with any of this
bloody tongue mess everything it's in
the Carlisle it's in the cults man
Carlisle expedition this here in Harlem
there's the juju house and all the
coldness they're the ones that killed
Jackson that's what we need to take care
of oh it was 50,000 originally in my
notes well there we go
meanwhile I'm like 80,000 in her train
for the up-sell mr. Elias was under
the belief that the Carlisle expeditions
work was significant and connected to
the bloody tongue the reason that he
believes he was targeted by them is
because he was close to something big
and they were trying to stop him and
they did stop him just very permanently
yeah now as an attorney my advice to you
is that staying in New York for any
extended period of time is a very poor
idea agreed agreed however we need your
help it's an understatement well we need
passage out of New York that shouldn't
be difficult we can get out of I would
suggest that you leave from Canada
get a drive the candida mmm
get a boat from there to London mm-hmm
Montreal yes that but we also need his
help with with mr. Adams us case yeah
oh it's rhyme familiar with the Adams
case yes yes Bob do you have any new
evidence of course we're don't have any
new evidence we have what we had all the
information we had we passed over - what
was the name of the other attorney that
you passed it to Frank yeah it was it
was it was mr. Frank can we get you to
the law firm frankincense can we love
law firm name Joe yes that's wonderful
can we get you to work with with Frank
on the event hack please or at least or
take it over yeah upgrade his skill set
with us somebody who's a more fish such
as Laura I will you know as a personal
favor to my friends who know mr. Adams I
will look into this case but I will tell
you that I'm gonna have to do it from
behind the scenes because Jackson has
made it very clear that I am to serve
first and foremost as a as an
administrative guide for you in your
work if you if you if you spend the time
behind the scenes building the case and
then pass it over to Frank to have him
defend it in court even an idiot can it
can do it with with with with a hand
like yours behind the scenes nice well
I'm very flattered but as some of you
who may know more about the law than
others may know the strength of the case
is secondary to the emotion and the
that is that's the challenge is that
well unless we have clear information
exonerating mr. Adams or clear
information showing that the cop who is
pinning everything on him is crooked
well that helped be very useful yes what
are you talking about we have she's
talking about yep I know who I'm talking
about captain Walter Robson the captain
of the Harlem precinct and Robson's
crooked possibly in this timeline a
really great man yeah very unlikely
Robson's crooked anyone who knows the
streets knows that the trouble is
proving out yeah so but we look Emma
they did you ask the more we couldn't
shake down quani see if he flips Yeah
right I cannot emphasize enough that
every day you stay in New York
he's a day that you could be arrested
and I mean the New York Police
Department does not take kindly to cop
killers
nobody's dead technically they know of
fine oh and nothing you added to that
sentence they've got ways to disguise
ourselves we've got we've got contacts
we should be able to figure this we
cannot take more than one smart this
man's very smart we cannot take more
than one maybe two days but we need to
get that evidence to get Hilton Adams
off the hook because we know it's not
how yeah yeah we know that what does
this evidence you're speaking of they're
supposed to exonerate this Adams fellow
well if if if it turns out that Robson
is crooked then everything that he
brought into evidence is going to be
called into question
what
the evidence what do we have well he
doesn't have anything alleges just
subsets of numbers but he keeps a ledger
that numbers on a piece of paper what
does that prove
it shows the numbers from the juju house
paid out to the cop oh I would love to
get that guy on thank you when I was at
the juju houses he is asking for my name
in the amount of money I spent it could
be worse eat so he write it I don't
remember do you remember he's a letter
he had a head said he had to keep it for
taxes I mean the ledger could be tax
purposes could be inventory if you if he
writes down everything including the
money that leaves the juju house and
then that is evidence and it's a big if
I'll admit but that's a strike you know
Alexandra's lying to her goddamn teeth
he knows it's it's a fairly big F but if
we can get our hands on that and it has
what we need that will be enough to call
everything that Robson has done into
question I don't know how y'all thought
to keep this ledger
well I can't go to court and stole this
from your house you you might not need
to if we get it to a reporter and a
story runs it's going to tight things up
yeah that's a good point it's good move
things into question bro are the juju
house those gentlemen you know who they
are they're quite dangerous they could
come after the reporter I mean they came
after us yeah if she publishes something
in the paper then she'll be a target
yeah well she's been publishing about
the Hilton Adams case for but not yes
she can if she has evidence yep
that will draw a great big target on her
but if she knows the risks
she knows how do you explain that last
time don't go to the juju house it's all
sorts of bad yeah and I mean Emma and I
are making very significant eye contact
okay I trust you guys you guys think
this is that important
yes ladies and gentlemen before I ask
you to leave
I just need each of you to verbally
agree to
the contract that we have stipulated
that you will continue the work of
Jackson Elias and that you will then be
you will be reimbursed for every expense
that you take in the pursuit of this
work
does that include having new work on the
Hilton Adams case because I'm sure you
don't come cheaply no good work does I
will that will be that will be pro bono
I appreciate that
so what are we agreeing to exactly we're
going to just investigate you are
continuing to investigate the operation
of the carlile alex at de parler
expedition and the parallel expedition
went to London correct it went to London
then Antigua Cairo it went in several
places in Egypt and then it went to
Kenya where they were massive okay I
guess we're not on that they were on
safari right they went on how although
you're you know your communication with
Jackson seems to imply that he does not
believe that the Carla expedition was
massacred I just keep hearing massacred
[Laughter]
I keep hearing Egypt that I'm like okay
we prove they weren't massacred that
we've done the job right we're out the
contract at that point we follow we
follow it to where it needs to go we're
leaving around yes I know I agree
I completely agree to continue his work
Jackson lice was a good friend of mine I
enjoys company God rest his soul
freeze all brother I I agree I'll agree
to your terms lawyer do it I agree
hmm I mean you might as well get paid
because I'm gonna make you research this
anyways leaving town oh yeah hands are
I've arranged an account with the First
Federal Savings and Loan you will you
will submit to my office to appeal box
that I have given you receipts for each
excellent
so I suppose one of our first expenses
needs to be tickets to London it's from
and I will also be available by telegram
or post for consultation if there's any
you know if there's anything you need to
talk about or if you have questions we
can do some research here stateside I
have a small collection of people I
trust who are specialists in certain
matters and should you require specific
assistance I could probably arrange that
with enough advance notice hmm perhaps a
good barber beautician I know a very
good bother good all right well then so
the last question I'm going to ask you
is when are you leaving alright what day
is that soon as we get to technically
it's Saturday night I think absolutely
no later than Tuesday what I was
thinking Monday Monday Monday would be
ideal
I believe that Sunday you should travel
to Canada Monday you should be on a boat
but we need to track down this
information and it's already night so I
think Sunday we wouldn't be doing it
during the day obviously given the
situation so I think that we take Sunday
evening attract on the information that
we're looking for it no we can't go into
the juju house at night I'm not going to
do to your house it Alexandra we can go
you and I can go break in steal a ledger
get out quiet like we've done this
before I mean unless
unless we just let Shoshana dunno
remember the law yeah news reporter she
can't be trusted to do this let's break
we'll steal it may I ask that if any
further discussion of criminal
activities fair is to take place did not
take place in my office
I thought she paid him for raining the
bonds of attorney coil I grabbed
Donald's elbow and and like limp out the
door prize I'm not apologizing to you
sir being facetious what you think that
means
[Laughter]
actually I don't know I say it's like
it's like you know yeah I think you're
right but I also will not be at full
strength tomorrow but we need then I'll
take care of it no you don't you don't
know what you're walking into you know
what am i walking into
you're not going to believe me if I tell
you I think I can believe you no do you
yes do you really I very much right I
mean he's sorry did we need some money
up front for buy tickets and stuff yeah
if we could get a little very well just
take it he says grumpily sorry but he
writes a check from the first federal
savings alone transportation
yeah he'll write you a check for $2,000
okay yeah yeah I should cover it yeah
and he once again stresses the need for
receipts okay well yeah we'll send them
once we get to Canada oh well very nice
mark that tea I'm good at keeping things
so no whose Ark I forgot to do my
accountant write this down I give it to
you go there you know in Donna and
Alexandra out in the hallway having a
very heated discussion yeah Carlton is
by the way you've noticed mr. Ramsay has
not written a single thing down and so
lose it yes Martin smart man be
professional and then one other thing
mr. Ramsay do you have any other
paperwork or anything that was left with
you from Jackson well I have the letter
he wrote and didn't he have notes from
his book yeah Kenta that's connecting to
me yeah so yeah that was my question do
in order to obtain additional research
would it be possible then to stop by Jo
would it be possible to a range of
meeting with Jonah Kensington early
tomorrow Sunday very early or to have
him meet us upstate perhaps hmm-hmm I
think we could arrange a morning meeting
with Java it's either that or forward
the information before we get on of
course he's he's very willing to help
with anyone who's dealing with with this
all right let's do another party luck
check oh good
oh boy I'm here to drag nope what's my
luck now more than half meet at three
out of five yeah that's okay you get
your good fugitives I'm not a future
it's not like two of us haven't done
this before
so in tech hair changed nicely shaved
you have different clothes so we're
gonna short him the Jonah Kensington's
is it an interest of getting you guys
out of New York he gives you a letter
that Jackson wrote to Jonah
and it says dear Jonah big news there's
a possibility that not all members of
the Carlisle expedition died I have a
lead though the authorities here deny
the cult angle the natives
oh he's writing this from Nairobi the
natives sing a different tune you
wouldn't believe the stories some juicy
notes coming your way this one may make
us all rich
blood and kisses Jackson alight and then
the other thing that you get from from
him is a set of notes that Jackson wrote
let's see when he write these the
let's see he wrote these he wrote these
on the boat on the way to New York when
he sent you the telegram the handwriting
is definitely she tagging it is it is
not great and his notes and I have they
here's some copies of both of these that
you guys can keep in your in your folder
but I'll just read it for you many names
many forms but all the same and toward
one end need help too big too ghastly
these dreams dreams like Carlisle's
check that psychoanalysts file all of
them survived they'll open the gate why
so the power and the danger is real they
many threads beginning the books are in
Carlile's safe coming for me well the
ocean protect no quitters now must tell
and make readers believe should I scream
for them let's scream together
could you perhaps make a purchase a
trade of some sort with her arrangements
out she's got a gala coming up in a few
days yeah we're not gonna be here
tonight well that's that's right this is
no Saturday night yeah the documents are
the Carlisle safe technically isn't this
Sunday morning yes this is likely this
is now early we missed it that said I do
know of miss Carlisle she was in well in
my extended circle back in the day but
the easiest way to cover that one that's
interesting use of back in the day yeah
are you letting me let me keep that bad
that one wonderful I may be able to send
her a telegram and see what she'd be
willing to do hmm
she might prefer a personal visits from
her her favorites no one wants to hear
my voice now but that may they would
mean more tour to see you than just to
receive a telegram well we could split
the difference send it send it send her
a telegram and ask for a meeting today
yeah today so possible but if there's I
don't remember this in the last one the
books are in Carlisle safe what books
right so I think who fell through the
window last time what what are you sure
use right in in Carlile's house you
broke oh no you were in the the I saw
the safe I I saw the safe I didn't try
to break the safe because I didn't feel
that's right yeah yeah no I I was able
to close everything up and sit back down
on the couch before crawling through the
window is my other game that went well
too
I'm sure it did so it's it's Sunday
night Saturday night Saturday night yeah
you all go to sleep okay I would like to
send miss Carlisle a telegram basically
being like let's see how do i phrase
this you don't know me but if she does
she knows me she knows who I am well
you're making some assumptions you said
I could keep that one mm-hmm if you
basically hello hello miss Carlisle my
name is Alexandria Hartford you may be
familiar with me from my previous career
you may be familiar with me for my
previous career as an opera singer I am
currently working an investigation that
has to do with your brother's expedition
and we were wondering if there was any
documentation documentation that may
have been left in somewhere secure
perhaps a safe something specific that
she-male only she may know that we don't
read in the paper yeah you know a
trusted friend and you're sending you're
sending a telegram for this courier note
anything that's transmitted anything
that's transmitted someone else would be
able to read but but maybe a career
within wraps you could just hint write a
letter and have your own little letter
had a nice little let's do that I
probably still have letterhead in my
flat that isn't broken it and there's
another wall broken out now yeah your
flat is in great shape
great this world and write and write out
everything in my in my handwriting on a
letterhead and then give it to him and
say tomorrow morning okay alright only
like I mean how will I know it's a big
house she's the lady of the house yeah
there you go ask for Erica Carlisle those
are yours you can write notes on them
whatever you want to I don't remember
this country and going to several
different places is there anything I can
get like from the library me because I'm
not familiar than that Ruby not Egypt
and things like that I think we might be
able to work with that but I'm not
familiar with Nairobi or anything like
well one step at a time I guess because
it's London then Egypt then yeah if a
book about you know you can certainly
get a book about Africa you know read up
on Africa so Nairobi is a city in Kenya
Kenya is a British protectorate it is
mainly run by a colonial government does
and it is
it is a weird combination of frontier
tourist land because a bunch of people
go there to hunt and you go on Safari
but it is still you know the the the
technically the tribes are subjugated
but there's actually I'm gonna butcher
the real history of this so I want to
apologize to any scholars of Africa I've
got the broad strokes right but the
details are going to be somewhat made-up
but that's my that's my footnote with
that disclaimer but essentially it
suffers from the same problem that most
of Africa does which is that the
boundaries were created by Winston
Churchill about five years ago for these
fake boundaries for these countries that
cross tribal lines in ways that you know
cause people that hate each other to
live in the same country and so Kenya
has a great deal of and it was literally
Winston Churchill of course it was after
the first world war after the world war
the great war that is my number one I
always say the first war and someone
always goes there's a there's another
one and the the British Foreign Service
just randomly you know in the Mideast
and in Africa just created stuff not
just England colonialism in Africa was
the man wonderful European powers doing
such great things the Dutch in the
Germans the Dutch in the Germans here
there are so many heavy quotation marks
or and the the other thing you'll get
from the book that you're reading on the
boat probably at this point is that
Kenya is a it's light jungle mainly
grassland and then surprisingly high a
surprisingly high mountain and hill
range so Nairobi is actually quite high
up it
look in the in elevation alright
Saturday night mm-hmm III send him with
with courier and Donnell and I are still
he's going at like midnight to the Quran
at midnight well no personal morning but
I give him the letter thing Monday so uh
Sunday morning so we're gonna end
tonight's episode with you sleeping
Saturday night because you're each gonna
have an awful dream so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your dream
which one yeah your dream is a room okay
it is an auditorium and it is it is vast
it is just incalculably vast and sitting
in this auditorium are 1.8 billion
people okay the entire population of the
planet Earth and as you stand at the
podium one by one they wither and they
fade to black and it takes forever six
years you've you aged six years as they
as you just watch every single person on
earth fading away because of what you
did Jay's your dream
you are asleep you wake up immediately
to the feeling of dirt hitting your face
and there has been an explosion or
something and it's kicked up a bunch of
dirt you are in ulster under british
mortar fire there is a a police action
is going on in this city and you are
faced with a choice to you can choose to
save there's a there's a child you see a
child hiding there and you can save this
child but it will mean you'll have to
run out in the open and probably the
English will know where you are do you
want to save the child or do you want to
stay where you are I'll save the child
all right
you step out and are immediately cut
down by machine-gun fire hmm
and as you're laying there dying you
watched the child
explode in a mortar shell and you hear
English soldiers laughing Jesus and the
last thing you hear before you wake up
is an upper-crust English accent saying
welcome to London you are performing you
are onstage in the Opera House in Milan
one of the most storied opera houses in
the world you are you are performing an
aria from La Traviata, as you are singing
your lungs start to fill with fluid a
very familiar fluid and you are
drowning on stage the audience is in
this animalistic
cheering for your performance as you are
clawing at your
throat and the audience is just cheering
and screaming for
your dream is the last day
that they just went through but you're
there for all of it
and you see every single thing they did
but in that dream now this isn't a
spider he's just a cop and they just
attack Malthus and they take him
prisoner they kidnap him and when that
other cop goes to find him they pull a
gun on that other cop and they they try
to pistol-whip him and they drop they do
all of that stuff but they just
kidnapped this cop and then they take
him to a place you don't recognize and a
doctor you can tell because he's in
scrubs a doctor just starts cutting
fingers off of Malthus off of the police
officer and you all and all of these
people are just they're like dark pyres
I wouldn't put it past them your dream
you are in Egypt you you are exploring a
pyramid
and you find hieroglyphics that you've
never seen before like terms that don't
mean anything to you and as you're as
you're holding up your torch to to look
at these you start to read aloud the
words that are on there and one word as
soon as you say the final word the final
word is Knight Icarus, and a hand reaches out of the
wall it's like a black
statue and it takes your hand and
pulls you into the wall and you hear a
voice in your head that says "welcome
back my queen" and you all simultaneously
at 4 in the morning
jolt awake covered in sweat unable to
get back to sleep