Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends and welcome to
quests in Cthulhu this is a special
recorded episode so one of the reasons
we're recording is that we found out
that if we run it live we really need a
15-second delay because Amy swears like
a sailor ask somebody what their first
impression of me and they just use the
f-word that was it Wow welcome to my
Friday a dark vision into Amy's life not
so much you've seen me with a crowbar
no we are recording this because when
you are watching this I'll be in Germany
and Amy will have just got recently
gotten back from Poland yep so thanks
for joining us
Thomas is in the chat and maybe a couple
of cast members are there who knows I'll
probably be there shipped you know where
else to go it has no love I will not be
in the chat from Germany because I don't
even know what time it's like 9:00 it's
it's ten hours what is Poland I don't
know hang on let me what you missed
before the reason we're recording this
is so you don't have to listen to us
figure out when Doritos first were
created because we had to visit the
internet to figure this out it was 1968
by the way yes I don't have to be up at
2 a.m. and you don't have to answer well
- not really hoping that Jackson we will
be up at - I'm hoping the jet lag means
that I can actually create content when
I'm there because I'm not nothing else
to do I'll just talk about game I am
wide awake let's do this yeah as always
we want to thank our sponsors Gordon
beers which is Abele represented here
among the players enjoying some lovely
beverages and game castle again if you
preorder using our code which is going
to show up in the chat now thanks Thomas
you'll get 20% off your pre-order items
from game castle Thomas really wishes
he'd done that today with an RPG book
that he got from somewhere else that was
20% more expensive Murch quests and
chaos has merge oh man wait I can't
there look at this do not lick that
coaster
we're not letting our eyes really get
decided a rule you shouldn't wish
coasters
we've got coasters we've got that coming
soon we have an Amy plush doll what
we're gonna get like those anime hug
pillow things yeah great if you can
think of a piece of merch that we should
have we probably already have it we've
talked to you on muskie about
flamethrowers mess and chaos
flamethrower also spaceships and that
one's a little the overhead is a little
prohibitive where we think for the
Chinese to start cranking them out
quickly in plastic when you're watching
this it's almost the end of October
happy almost Halloween twitch prime
resets at the end of the month so if
you're subscribed on a monthly basis to
question chaos go ahead and Risa bright
now oh wait so last time seems like just
yesterday that that's one that we were
gathered here things went horribly
pear-shaped totally fine for the Great
Dane society who are now fugitives from
the law in the world's most populous and
law enforcement covered City New York we
started off with a fight with a crooked
cop who took advantage of the fact that
he was a cop and convinced most of a
block of New York that they were beating
up a cop and that's true I mean you know
it's all subjective I and you I don't
know why I'm looking at the monitor up
there Thomas is gonna troll us for the
rest of the game he's like you were fine
everything's fine and you so you you
fought and subdued officer Mathis and
then his his friends in the NYPD came
and you you were you sort of subdued
another police officer you you attempted
to assault him it's much like you're
breaking it
it was not quite assaulting an officer
and attempted assault just entering
I mean threatening his officer is still
a felony I think yeah well I don't know
in the 20s but it's not a great idea the
thin blue line was probably much thicker
in the 20s
I'm guessing and you fled with two of
you having they have great descriptions
of you and two of you so Emma and
Donnell they have excellent descriptions
of and Alexandra and professor lamb they
have less good descriptions of but still
not bad and we've learned that disguise
is not your strong suit really badly and
we've we've also learned that so you
went and you met Carleton Ramsey the
attorney who pressed you into service to
continue Jackson elias's work and then
suggested that you leave immediately and
then you did not leave immediately I
knew hey and that's great I think it's
awesome so we ended that episode was a
lot of high jinks and we ended just to
remind everybody when he killed a police
officer we killed the owner slat he's
business so he killed yeah the high
priest slash business owner
oh and when you say we kid we kill a
small business person and Alexandria was
grievously wounded and we met my backup
character of the community I'm trying to
remember I know it's been a horrible 24
hours saying that okay I was a wreck
undyed work and yeah so then you each
had a pretty awful nightmare that yes
just to remind you that high jinks are
all well and good but though you know
bad things are happening in this world
and you are the only thing apparently
that stand between those bad things and
even worse things the world is screwed
[Laughter]
so you wake up on I think it is Sunday
18th and the newspaper has run with the
story of and there is your sketch in
there yes there are sketches of you - ok
how both of you make me look rolls oh
jeez how this is gonna tell me how
accurate it is oh boy
nobody nope would you roll 70 yours is
all really good I know this is a wait oh
my god - yours I do not like much like
Donnell looks like a nondescript white
guy he does he there's nothing about him
that's distinctive at all brown hair
average height average build also don't
don't don't we have for inspiration from
last time
yep yeah I might want to use that yeah
good call and this is all you're gonna
get this I know nothing like it's
hurting us
spur ish liquid it's brave
yeah do you want to inspire this so you
don't get a phone call from your mother
and your brother and no I can handle my
parents and it's number one and your
brother
those are famous last words by the time
you've heard this I have now having my
mother in Belgium and I'm thinking you
know the first time she meet in my life
this will be fine I can handle this as
Tiana would say that could be mood yep
nude heavy mood I am not finding the
picture of Robson but
yesterday yes yeah we saw him yeah but
he is he is quoted liberally in the
he is quoted liberally essentially
saying that you all have killed a member
of New York's finest and the the police
will go we'll stop at nothing to
apprehend there's liberal use of the
word terrorists Wow which one of you has
yeah they they they run the descriptions
of all four of you when they run
sketches of you to do you want to
inspire to try and make that better
well I don't know look or do I just want
to give you everyone to come back to New
York and that's that's why now I mean
New York will not be you not there no
you never go back to places in these
games yeah I mean by the time we get
back it'll be I feel like the cops hold
grudges subtle cop killing thing will is
blown over well I'm not gonna tell you
not to use it let's please use
inspiration IQ use a quarter of your
entire inspiration I know but it would
make life easier if her sketch is wrong
or if it's a poem but that's kind of
funny too so win-win right we got some
witness you have the wigs I also got hot
badge that in the furnace oh can be
useful most importantly you haven't told
anyone right
I've been told our legal counsel there
are some things the legal counsel should
not know yeah and that's one of them yep
yep yep yes yes stolen police badges
would be high on that booze
yeah okay oh all right so it's different
character I'd send it to somebody I
didn't like why did Thomas get a no on
the inspiration I don't know I mean
here's the thing it's already running
the paper I don't know what we could
really do so you just like to be clear
to burn every paper and this if you use
the inspiration and by some incredible
coincidence actually he's roll better
yeah
then the description much like him the
description in the paper will not be as
good as you if I fumble they'll know it
was my home address yeah yeah my mother
will be like swearing and crying in the
in the paper thankfully we didn't use
our names in front of anyone who's still
alive correct but if you see the yeah
yeah yeah yeah like Donald referred
referred to Alexandria by name in front
of my in front of Mathis met yeah Mathis
but he's dead so it doesn't matter he's
missing as much dropped in the furnace
no I know none of us knows that was a
shark thing you know but something that
is dead yeah going once going twice
do it Chuy doom is it three to two what
do the person that matters is what's
what's about what do you want about your
heart well I want to come home one day
but they don't have to come home
tomorrow I mean it will probably be
several months before we come home I'm
saying it might be bright white by then
well I'll beat and very all you have to
do is cause a larger problem somewhere
under a different name caught you know
just you know blow up a city say and
then they won't really care about the
killing a cop thing I mean if you
destroy an entire universe they really
won't care that's not a bad idea not 37
would still go epically wrong I could
smash the box again love that we have
that in the rickshaw here's the thing I
have to know about the Smashing the box
okay you're not going up he'll listen no
you don't know I don't know yeah I don't
know how she said everything you were
not there told me
yeah I've been laughing about it oh you
did oh yeah the dark Pharaoh told her
okay so yeah you know that she's I made
her choose our news man let you near a
box ever again or it's our no I do think
you know people's JIT I step above
genocide on a massive level it's much
more if it's intentional there could be
consequences but we're running away
we're running away we're running away so
we don't care what the paper says no I
thought we were dude your house well
okay so so so hang on if we do go dude
you have some reroll in this thing cuz I
have other things to blow up okay so I
can't go to jail
I have more stuff to blow so so what I
remember are we helping Hilton okay so
yeah we did we were turning over
everything that we had to Carlton Ram
Singh which is nothing will and and we
were talking about breaking into the
juju house you and I were never talking
about being the ones to go and do it
because we are sneaky yes sort of and
you are infirm well I'm only down one
point after sleeping but you still have
disadvantage yes until until I get that
back so that could keep playing my butt
all over would I give this role to hmm
which one of you I'm gonna say everybody
make me an intelligence room and you're
looking for a hard success oh holy crap
all right actually you kind of make
sense for this okay all right let's see
if anybody else he's dealt with her
authorities trying to find are we outing
oh yeah Roland and so the both the two
relevant people yeah
how dealt with decentralized criminal
organizations in various ways and your
concern is that if their leader suddenly
Falls there's often some sort of vacuum
the long the short of it is you don't
think you think the juju house will be a
buzz if the juju house is the center of
everything they're doing and their boss
just died you know there that's where
everyone goes and goes so what do we do
now yeah which means now we can't count
on Silas upon being gone from what was
it like four to six yeah go take a drive
and go by it and see if I notice
anything that might not be the worst
idea I probably won't see anything but
I'm not going well if it looks like a
kicked hornet's nest but you know we
should definitely not get anyone near it
did you guys you don't have another car
yeah oh no I well you and yeah he's got
a car okay
all right what do you know about the
gender ones on fire still is is it some
sort of telugu now that temple where
they all gather do their rituals you
know such an or criminal credibility
when he sets the car on fire two blocks
from where you are you know it's a
parking spot in Manhattan so you know
you know most people go to Jersey to do
that hey not to use the inspiration
because I'm gonna join the Foreign
Legion sooner rather than later
I'll head out all right we did want to
talk about what we know about the juju
house because I can't because because
don't last about that and that's fair
ooh then I'll take off now blueprints we
had the plans for the inside of it so we
can use that as a stage good notes here
a bit inside so the plans tell you that
is the front store there's the store
then behind that behind that curtain
yeah that you saw there is a open area
that's some sort of office or something
and there is a stairway down to a
basement is there anything here looks
like a meeting space meeting hall
there's literally three rooms
this is downstairs size of the entire
this is where the the whole cult gathers
in this tiny little basement in the
basement as big as the whole thing so
hmm well I'm and and that's and that's
fair I'm not entirely sure if the entire
cult meets in that basement there is
some nastiness that happens down there
as well what is the nastiness that
happens in the basement and I'm out the
door
on that note the one other thing that
the them to the plan showed you is that
there is some sort of cistern or well
that takes up roughly a third oh I
thought that was asked about well as
there's no room in them in the basements
furnished sorted yeah that just not
connect to the sewer okay series are all
well is is there anything that connects
to the sewer from the juju house no damn
I've been an easy way in yeah once I
heard the the activities did but when we
took off from her juju house I think I
spot hidden south and quanti making eyes
to somebody that's what spider officer
was hiding up here he jumped on top of
the car hurry yes so he was in that room
yes yeah for who knows what reasons so
maybe he ate something so maybe the
entire block is is is the hub for the
cult and everyone who works there is and
I is in that area that's too big for us
I agree it's cold you burn out a whole
new city block destroy an entire city
block and everyone who lives there no I
don't we just have to get that the the
west all the ledger you guys we're
talking about and that way we can clear
your friend and then we can go yeah we
cuz ya know this there's too much here
guys
alright just so and we were also sending
him to to take the letter that I wrote
to Erica Carla
yeah I busy man might remember that so
lazy episode as you recall because you
said it was a while ago my mind time
Nick spent the first two thirds of that
episode I'm safe you see all right safe
yeah so now everyone else is gonna sit
there well we focus in on I've already
forgotten your character's name so ha no
where's Sylvia whatever no Sylvia we all
call him Solano though I don't know why
so Sylvia you head out and you're gonna
drive and your plan is to go to the
Carlisle house but you're gonna swing by
the juju house is that yeah okay are you
gonna get out go no I'm driving by and
glancing okay person who prefers to be
safe over everything else so you drive
by and the juju house is actually off
the street there is a there's an alley
off of West 137th Street that leads back
to a little opening and the juju house
is there so you like as you're driving
by you look down the alley
hmm and you don't see anybody okay and
then you carry on yes you drive into
West Chester a much nicer neighborhood
than where you were and you under the
good bagels here actually there's not a
lot of like anything here it's so much
as like residents all big estates and
you have the rest the address for the
Carlisle house so you pull up and
there's a gate and the gate is open well
then oh yeah I'll Drive up then okay
yeah you'll drive up and so you drive up
- oh gosh what's the guy's name Frank
he's not Frank off it's know he actually
bouncers last time yes yes security guy
gosh what is his name I just wrote why
the muscle you know what there's muscle
there that I that's good enough
um so when you get to the door a a large
angry man who is trying who is
pretending not to be angry as like
resting oh so he's not resting angry
face she's actually upset yeah
broken nose the whole nine professional
angry go warning this is a private
resident yes I have a letter that I have
been instructed to deliver directly to
Erica Carlisle I could take that for you
I been given very specific instructions
to hand it directly to her if she isn't
available right now I couldn't come back
later it's it's 8:30 on a Sunday
morning okay
when should I come back how about half
that's never mmm you can give me the
letter I'll make sure miss Carla gets it
right look buddy I promise I'll make
sure she gets don't worry if I got
nothing against you area you look very
trustworthy ah nothing against you I'm
just gonna tell you straight out mm-hmm
you're not getting in this house and
you're not gonna see Miss Carlisle very
busy
she's also last night she was up late
there was a gala okay I'll take you
letter but you make you make the choice
you need to make them yeah all right
thanks thank you thanks Mac and it's
great
he takes your letter good morning as
well he takes your letter and closes the
door hope that doesn't come back to
Madison as if I've thought of it so his
and then bagels there you go all right
he's back in about an hour with bagels
and shmear and of course yeah and
hopefully all the nasty discussion is
already just getting started yeah I was
like so what did you using on from the
blowing so what happened I I saw nothing
I saw an empty alleyway okay and you
just you didn't wait a couple minutes to
see anything no that could have drawn
attention to me the double parking in
Harlem it's a Sunday morning business
should be closed right there well if if
they're moving stuff out rapidly they've
already done it or they aren't I mean it
was fairly late last night when we were
dealing with all of that hmm weird me
and uncle around so soon or it's gotten
around and then and they're in the
process of packing well they're in the
process of packing I think Sylvia no
I've seen something maybe not maybe not
necessarily if they're working on
getting things packed up and taking it
out later when things are a bit more a
bit busier on the streets how well
what's in the well well well well
have you been inside the basement of
this place once so what's inside
remember I asked if you would believe me
if I told you some of these things now
answers yes are you positive
yes zombies zombies Oh like once alive
now not alive but everything and living
all chick is a cult Oh zero five Oh No
so boring so walking corpses
okay are they dead or on strings I mean
please be on strings that's slightly
less worse that'd be a madman it's gross
yes debbie merion a Mary does entirely
on what you mean by dead okay mummies no
it's good it's good I've heard of
mummies before but they're not alive
either
but mummies are dead yeah but they're
like but they're alive alive yeah I've
heard the stories if the mummy comes
back to life the curse yes all that so
they're cursed
right so this is like oh is this the New
York version pass the New York version
of mummies right just no bandage
interesting juice well and the person
that you could dealt with yesterday you
said was referred to as the high priest
that's right so so so what is that what
does that have to do with in here oh
don't priests do rituals yeah but she
makes the mummies so weird we deal with
that okay we're deal with those kind of
people
we're so huh on the basement all right
you've been this is weird we're just
discussing we're not flying anything
I've got an episode this is weird but
once all right you survived barely well
what would you recommend that we do to
these zombies explosive stuff dynamite
and run away what about just the ledger
though
yes that's upstairs get in you know my
my problem though is that if we do that
and people go in and storm the place and
they don't know what they're dealing
with watching a dead body lurch toward
you throws anyone off well I'll get the
ledger I'll get out no basement no
zombies if you go in the basement and
you get killed I will bring you back to
life just to tell you I told you so
[Laughter]
I'm gonna learn how to make zombies I'm
gonna figure it out the sheer force of
Rage will make its study difficult but I
haven't done the occult so much that's a
great brings up a great point which is
there the difference between you've now
seen the difference between a cult and
Cthulhu Mythos a cult is if I burn these
leaves maybe I'll make a zombie Cthulhu
Mythos is if I burn these leaves in this
exact way I will make a zombie a cult is
sort of the theoretically like maybe
this will happen yes Cthulhu Mythos is
the practical applied yeah
a cult soft science good who will meet
those hard science or the difference
between a wizard in a sorcerer yes you
have to study a lot to be a wizard right
so I need this thing but I haven't the
source will do you're not gonna do mud a
cult is like I've heard this could
happen
mm-hmm Cthulhu Mythos is I'm gonna make
this happen or I'm making this happen
right yeah yes and I think I currently
have the worst meat sauce of everyone
zero almost drowning it was not but this
kind of has shown me you know that guy
came from a corner and so what you're
saying is you're right people arise from
the dead
yes dude the ferry heading down to the
bar just gonna take a little walk around
the building you know come on we're
gonna be careful we'll go into bars
right cuz you know you never know who's
gonna be hanging around and the
prohibition hilariously but there's like
a whole Great Dane Society yeah I've
already spent a lotta time you know easy
yeah yeah so can't our hotel like we're
not so
yeah oh yeah not-so-great hotel they may
have such speakeasy downstairs but hey
just be careful yes be careful so okay
what I roll for speakeasy if you're
going to be the only one to go in that
stuff understand why that should be the
case just like it but I agree do not go
into the basement right another problem
where is the litter who's in his bedroom
wasn't it do you have to go behind the
curtain
all right go behind the curtain get the
ledger get out yes but I recommend we
stake it out watch it determine when he
leaves like this this is a process we
can't just go right now
and sneak in and do this you could be
like opening the door being like hi
everybody
who are you and what have you done with
them look okay I was like a but say
this is my last kill but it's not really
much it's my opposite of loss kill the
other 50% well and and I mean the
problem is that we don't have a lot of
time we need to get out of New York do a
thing as soon as possible and your
description was pretty good even if the
picture wasn't
I mean mitad Lee you are we snow fence
Derek well I don't have the option of
giving Shoshanna what's her name
Lowenstein okay giving her the other
Jewish name and her work with I was
gonna say Patrick Conroy but that's not
his name what does this matter lawyer
Ramsey Ramsey
squishing the two names people I don't a
yeah well if only you had the backside
of this is even we could have them work
together or we could hire my my nemesis
and other pi2 like let's take it out and
i think i think it's a good idea to get
to get Rebecca and wait wait hold on we
could essentially hire another PI who
they don't looking for not suspicious of
not wanted by the police
just hanging out do what we were always
going to do just break in and steal it
you know someone can bend the rules get
into places take document yeah but
legally in order to obtain the ledger
illegally no but we want to legally use
it so how would you submit this for
evidence if you have it if you haven't
gone through well I steal it
I can't submit it as evidence correct so
what's the point of me stealing it
exactly I mean you could give it to
Carleton and hope you can do something
yeah or if the information leads to
another piece of evidence that you
obtained legally then you can use that
evidence in a court of law but Michel I
don't know what there would be in that
ledger don't worry
do we have any idea other than we would
prove that the cops are crooked so then
you would say yes I know the cops are
crooked but then I have to reprove it so
that was last time when you found the
ledger last time that was principally
what was in there is then there what you
took it to pool yeah luta net pool and
you showed him that the cop it had a
listing of all of the payouts that the
cops were getting and specifically most
of them went to Robson and so he he
could then raid the establishment and
find all of the terrible but he was able
to use that as a warrant of sort yes and
that's which means that there's some
legal backing to it even if it's
illegally obtained or at least it was
the last time that we got well no
there's a difference if you give it to
pool yes he will go after Robson because
he thinks Robson is a bad cop if you
give it to a lawyer or he hasn't that's
a harder thing but what if we give it to
someone who's in between a reporter well
we talked about that given no I'm not
sure yeah it was yeah and if we give it
to Rebecca then she can just say that
she got it from an anonymous source her
hands and she's protecting her sources
which remembers that happened the last
time you told yes the reporter to go to
the judes we're not telling her to go to
the juju house for giving her the things
and saying you're telling a reporter
here's an amazing story but don't go
there yeah
don't go there you'll die I do kind of
we've reporters yeah yeah yeah then we
don't we don't disclose where it came
from so we had on but we had two borders
where it came from in order to action
obtained don't tell her how we got it
but we do well let's give her cop killer
take care of this
yes get the ledger get out New York City
gas get it done well but we also know
that that Rebecca doesn't hold a high
opinion of the cop so if we tell her we
were set up she made she would she but
she may well be more inclined to believe
that than anyone else but still huh he's
not he's not described at all he's
nothing to do with what whatever we did
no comment you come back Sunday morning
everyone's in church they're out of
their houses we can go in there in the
morning when there's no one around the
Jew house I'm a purchased so go to you
know the Episcopal Church down the
street usually yeah okay we got to keep
up appearances like this is this is our
church it's crazy yeah we ever went go
to church almost there
since the Irish Catholic yeah yeah I go
to the wrong Church telling if tourism
to buy and buy e oh nice all right sure
we do so what do we want to do that is
what do we want to do what can we what
do we need to do let's get out of town
yes yes yes first shall we let's get the
journal we need to get those home
we're splitting the party oh here we go
are you sorry masseur we've already put
the arty he doesn't do much you're gonna
try to get your back
Monday I was thinking I was gonna get
there's any trouble to get them here I
was familiar to Montreal and look you
can buy them you could certainly buy
them there yeah you can buy them there
but here is it gonna be a problem to get
them as well if I can get out now can
buy them now no that's for credit well
he's got $2,000 yeah that's bread
he's got Carleton Ramsey's seed money so
to take a picture of yourself on the bed
with all the money though so we haven't
bought the rooms yet on the boat no but
we're going to need the first class I'm
not here when he gets back you're at
your at your at his his frugal yeah you
can you can be back don't know this you
come in pecan what are we talking about
now here we do know that that first
class rooms are searched all those I'm
not sure because we remember we do yes
well you remember I didn't bring it I
didn't have anything to bring no no I'm
talking about specifically when the
Great Dane Society was formed a renowned
light because a lot of blood in a first
class room because because we hid a lot
in Octavia's room because they don't
search first what would we need to hide
if we weren't first close it just oh
yeah personal so we're not leaving from
New York and hopefully we're leaving
really and hopefully she's gonna buy the
ticket not in my real name well I
haven't bought it yet so so made yet I
have a question if he goes and does
something that you don't want to hear
about fair should the rest of us I don't
I don't mind hearing about the the
things that you're going to do as much
as the things that you see okay when I
do them God so if he doesn't steals the
ledger what are the rest of us gonna do
are we gonna wait here and wait for him
to return to us are we just gonna set a
meeting point outside of New York and
just keep moving okay someone's gonna
want to be in the car waiting for him
right back up a big will be good
I would like to be back at but I
wouldn't do we take off and go someplace
out like this for it's your car
III would like to win oh no that
wouldn't be that wouldn't be used hey
Matt that's linked to me did you get the
did you get the letter - art - Erica
Carlisle there we go so there was a
complication I I was not able to give it
directly to her gasps the muscle at the
door yes okay you seem nice enough no I
did seal it so hopefully he's not the
sort to break a seal but we'll find out
because I did give her a way to directly
contact me what she be calling Europe
that would be here I gave her a way to
contact me and and and I and I can be
there drops there okay that's good okay
so if we are splitting up which seems
the best way to keep anyone from
noticing a concentration of the five of
us yes then we should set a point
outside of New York to meet up at a time
and we have the weed another car that
isn't in my name minimum another right
right so where do we where do we meet up
and we could take the train to Canada as
well
that's an appointment yeah but they
think they'd be searching the trains
watching the train stations well I'd
like to keep that car from being
involved in any crimes if we're taking
it up
well we go yeah with three of us could
go and meet you guys
mmm yes do you do the three of you have
anything else that you need to do in New
York should we say goodbye to your
missus almost no I'll call her from the
boat phone visit this universes version
of your mother she could be much nicer
so if you've read the newspapers yeah
seen my description just know that it
wasn't me don't believe anything you
yeah don't you know what God it's all
felt fake news anyway so I would
actually reflexively ask you the
question is there any research we could
do in Boston or something where we could
stop there and meet them I mean some
satanic University is the preeminent but
do you want research takes time you know
there is is research is like days know
how I got it okay it may be worth it
though if you if you can get to
somewhere that would have the the kinds
of books that other people who know how
to use a library and again there's
probably books here do you want me to
look for anything in particular
well yeah I I don't know how much yeah
you know about these kind of things said
oh well you know III researched a lot of
different things I work with Jackson
Elias okay it would be so what would he
know about Miskatonic oh yeah okay
Miskatonic library oh okay after you
know looking for stuff for Jackson not
necessarily the the protected collection
but you know the the standard library
stuff over there and that sort of thing
but but someone with a PhD might be able
to get into the protected collection
yeah yeah and yeah you could you know
you could certainly get in there again
you know that like research is not a you
know one and done let me Google this for
you right it's this book led me to this
book which led me to that book which led
me to this person that I've never heard
of you know let me offer you a role like
what happens if the three of us go cuz I
think the three of us probably all have
some pretty kick-ass libraries oh yeah
you can certainly do some assistance so
instead of like a one this this leads to
this it would be the three of us come
train how well are you disguised right
now is you can't map this so I have a
new disguise well and and and there's we
got a wig so
also a disco paper I mean I don't know
never been there but like do they get
the New York paper Arkham is a small
Massachusetts it would be like a
commuter community of Boston yes it's a
small town a fair distance out of NASA
it's a train ride so it wouldn't
necessarily get the same news today is
there anything that we want to grab
before we leave nope gtfo about two days
in Arkham we meet you there do we do we
want to meet them in Arkham that works
for me on Tuesday I think that ever
happened we don't know yeah hey
one-nothing how come there's no signage
that in 30 yep
where's the hard split in the party and
we did it before Cairo take that other
team would it take us to get to Arkham
oh no we're taking we're taking car oh
you don't want to get searched so
ironically the train is faster too yeah
make sense because in the 20s cars only
do like a many miles your max speed is
20 and there's no highway system you
know the New Deal has not created well
and even later has not created the
American interstate system so the roads
can be fairly easy so you're gonna be
about 15 to 20 miles an hour the whole
way so it's gonna be that's if you're
falling in the wall
well fair point yeah and also
infrastructure and we don't say yes good
but you can definitely you know New York
to Boston you could drive in eight to
ten hours so we could be there tonight
train six out eight hours and honest the
only thing we're worried about the train
is getting yeah yeah but I feel like
once we're out of yeah yeah yeah you
know if you catch like the train in
Connecticut or something right
yeah how about Wednesday look 21st at
noon we meet you at the University
Library okay let's say arbitrarily there
is a ship leaving from a seaport in
Canada that I should have looked up but
didn't I'm never getting there doesn't
dump me on the 23rd ship work town okay
so Friday yeah Friday and and we can get
there in a day on a train or trains one
1920s dude it's called a sheep
I'm going to bet your Google search
history was really interesting for
research on these things
it's so odd sold it's sad well I was
searching all the drugs earlier now I'm
sure oh yeah let's do this
okay I think this may be the meet you
here we got the boat here you know me we
gtfo yeah it's the funnel yeah all right
so I will be in my flat until I hear
from Erika Carlisle if you need me you
know the number and I'll give it to you
as well right
I was expecting it might be backup for
this little caper are you sure you want
me to come along on this I'll meet
someone just in case all right are we
gonna go and stake it out first or we're
gonna go with her idea of hiring a
different pi2 have a look at things
nothing we'll just take a look if it's
empty
go for it if it's occupied it's a no-go
all right you're better at locks yeah
all right I can take it a lot and also
just for the record when I get in the
car I will put a wig on and then I'll
also use like the scarf and glass
sunglasses you know how you're gonna
take a day trip or when I'm in that look
look very fancy yeah fancy I mean I I
can I can try to disguise her if we want
to do that because she's the most
recognizable of the three of them I will
be looking at this it seems like there's
traffic on the way out of town to
indicate like there's some sort of
checkpoint no do it didn't do want me to
do it just guys on her Orwell wig
sunglasses I think you're fun
no need unless you are putting yourself
in you know unless you're doing
something that is super awesome Jerry
not in the back see ya [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now take it
take a nap that's a good idea and why
you get helmet yeah you look like you
didn't sleep well last night
nope no I didn't say oh yeah so I don't
know what you all thought you were going
all by yourself needs now okay so you're
sitting in the car yes
yeah you've rented another car yep I
have someone else's name - I have good
credit and I rented it under the name
Irene Adler alright that names getting
around the city who rented the first car
that got blown up cuz that's gonna I
don't know not me
alright every make look roll it wasn't
me and I have the worst luck though no I
don't want to roll this out it would I
was on the driving so so yeah your your
credit rating is gonna go down five okay
so one done okay well I can tell you
where its parts in Arkham the good news
is there's no database like tally
original car company in London although
probably you're not getting any cars in
London either
I wouldn't want to drive in one end no
he's not getting any fair I still
wouldn't want to drive and little dinner
I don't want to drive in London now yeah
and it's better now
he'll take taxis yeah yeah cabs or the
Metro the underground am good alright so
you three are driving to Arkham correct
really yeah you guys are gonna drive to
like a Connecticut a change yeah you you
put your car in some long-term parking
in Connecticut which I'm sure you'll get
back to I know better than that is there
any place to turn it in here yeah a
rental this was your personal car no no
this was rented okay
you're ugly eternity game yeah you
[Laughter]
so yeah you guys are then gonna take the
train to Arkham and do some research
here several days yep
all right so we're gonna zoom - you -
yes all right so it's you know when they
leave right after lunch on Sunday mm-hmm
so it's one o'clock Sunday what time do
you want to go to the juju house Aladdin
let's go no let's go have a look so take
driving around Harlem make me a luck
roll 36 is a success all right
you managed to park about a block away
from the juju house that's just a
parking rule in New York parking is all
love yes you have you have wizardly
skills and parking in this place yeah
very lucky so you you park about a
block away and now tell me what you're
doing well let's take a stroll on the
sidewalk okay and walk he walks down and
walks walks through the alley and
neither of you have ever been to the
juju house oh you you ever oh you win I
I haven't been - you haven't been
importance and value of ever yeah I
haven't been to this juju have I so he
has his equipment with him as well
mm-hmm ah he was drawn up is it open or
closed how concealed is your
equipment as concealed as I can make it
so there's a shotgun involved right are
you bringing the shotgun yes wow it's so
aggressive make me a stealth role not
good success 42 43 6 all right so you
are wearing a long trench coat and
there's like a shotgun like up you know
unluckily you're you're a little tall so
that that works out so you have another
hunch right
yeah you have like a hunch that's I mean
that's the bulkiest part of your own
yeah and I have and I have my my daggers
in my 38 sure okay yeah so you come up
137th Street you see the alley
the alley leads into as I said an open
courtyard where there is the stoop of an
apartment building mm-hmm and then on
this side there are two doors one is to
an abandoned store and one is to the
juju house abandoned store the ticking
but the juju house the screen has been
pulled down on the door and there is a
closed sign in the window I will try the
doorknob hold on
but before we go into the courtyard
itself let's have a look around and see
if anyone's watching both makes potty
enrolling glances comes Jane
47 is a success 18 is a heart success
everything old is new again
yeah it does not look like you know
looks like everybody's coming that
church now there are now they're having
Sunday dinner okay Sunday supper I guess
I want to close yeah try the doorknob so
you step up it's it's two steps up on a
little perch when you step up make me a
pal roll Oh grunts magic stuff 35
your ears pop a little or you know it's
not what happened did you feel something
no are you stepping up on the pronounce
till on the on the on the like still
though it's still glancing around to
make sure no one's watching us something
odd err what happened I can't say that's
odd does a feeling well with what we're
dealing with a feeling maybe some of the
best I may just
I've just got to get the tools out there
that lock pick out take a deep breath so
you'll have not tried the door that was
just stepping up to the student I think
I will get my lucky rabbit's foot out
all right hold on to that for a second
focus myself all right I would also land
try the doorknob mm-hmm okay let's see
what happen and what are you doing
I would like to him to step up a little
bit closer and listen just to see if I
can hear anything through okay door and
if I need to make a pound roll so be it
yeah make me a power roll Wow at the
hundred somebody's a zombie standing all
right so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] she's weak
yeah that is the most emphatic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I
have ever fought so you are you're
reaching for the doorknob and all of a
sudden you hear uh-huh and Alexandra
passes out along the step just Emmett oh
damn it
like don't go back to see what she's
goes on with her check it is she awake
is she okay she Sean he seems fine
there's a little blood coming out of her
nose all right make me a listen roll
listen his 87 smart fail
I believe it's fine yeah he's a fail
okay I was trying to try to revive her
see what's going on there it she is uh
so like first do like she's breathing
but she is totally unresponsive can you
hear me Alexandra her eyes shoot open
they are clear Oh God like my eyes are
rolled back in my head no like there's
no pupils jeez and a voice that is not
hers says
as soon as you touched her I know who
you are I know what you've done I will
hunt you to the ends of the earth
show yourself come on out I know right
here you come in and the door opens her
eyes closed and she like fumbles down
and you're gonna make a you're gonna
make it make me a con role you have
disadvantage I think it may be I can't
get worse but ah no I missed it
okay so I'm sometimes open yes you are
uncommon inside no the store is empty
all right maybe maybe the curtain is
rustling a little take my weapon ouch
okay the shotgun ready that's a
sawed-off shotgun over at that I'm step
boldly in towards the front desk area
mm-hmm check that first all right what
so and so again the store is very
cramped there's a counter because we
were there the earlier I've got extra
character sheets of anybody that's in
the empty store that's true we still
should have gone that could be worth a
big they all hang out that's true we're
just here for the incriminating all
right so the store is super cramped
there's over here there's the counter
with a cash register and behind that is
the curtain in the door and then there
is a sort of shelf that goes through
this part of the store and then all the
walls are full of stuff as well is it
the same we were that we had earlier yes
exactly
okay so he rushes to the counter it's
leading with the shotgun ahead of him
going round guys accountant you crossed
the threshold of the door make me
another pouch so the sixty-three is a
success okay
same feeling of your ears popping okay
and behind you you hear that same voice
saying downstairs everything you're
looking for is downstairs right got it
thanks boyo mmm iPad or not look this
guy and manipulate me I've got a mission
okay
and I got an unconscious friend outside
so how much time so you know from the
from the blueprint let there is a
trapdoor in it looks like behind the
counter right so there's the in that in
front of the curtain is a it's a cash
register how can I lift it it's pretty
heavy but you can yeah I'll pull it off
and sit on top of the trapdoor ooh
okay yeah let's go probably and kind of
step on a little bit make sure it's it's
not moving it's maybe you're gonna
listen roll all right
35 success 34 regular success all right
you hear it sounds like 10 people kind
of chattering oh God you hear like 10
people talking pretty regularly
downstairs okay doesn't seem like
they've noticed you like the throne the
the the tone is not like you know
there's no like you don't hear any alert
in the tone or anything like that I want
a hurry
okay run to where the curtain is with
one hand quickly moving aside gun aiming
inside okay what do we see you see I
mostly cleaned out bedroom any paperwork
Ledger's documents anything make me a
con roll it 91 okay you can so I'm gonna
make you an offer you can take it you
can take wanna get out with disadvantage
huh and that will be like I'm trying to
search quickly you can take a spot
hidden your normal one and that's I'm
doing a more thorough search your choice
I'll do the thorough search so okay yeah
another quick one okay all right it's
fun 50 and he failed that you're only
nineties no 60 67 67 you've already
gotten one major fumble out of this I
want to inspire that and get him the
hell out of there and you I'm in favor
of this yeah yeah no I like my keys do
it do it
I mean because the 55 roll yeah
oh my weight now is you fumbling in a
minute wait wait a minute honey he got a
hundred oh wow yep Wow three hundred in
this gym clearly we are not happen oh
nice 99 just spotting sometimes you see
the ambush you know who's your next
all right so several things happen at
once you hear Alexandra waking up oh
okay Oh at the same moment the trap door
you hear the cash register go flying
uh-uh and the trap door flings open Oh
God and you hear now that those voices
are just nonsensically talking you just
hear ten maybe more voices just saying
like hey what hey what hey what ha ha ha
ha what a cacophony of different voices
and you didn't turn on the lights so
make me a spot hidden role or hopefully
miss me a spot hidden role a 78 is a
Miss okay okay so there is some shape
in the doorway but which doorway when we
came through in the like from that the
trapdoor coming up from the trapdoor
there's some sheep it doesn't seem like
a person and that is clearly where hey
what hop whoo hey what huh
just that cacophony is coming from all
right so can
don't get to go to initiatives all right
your first ad can he get past this thing
earn as far as you know alright he's
running okay yeah forget so as you
run as you've come closer you now see
what this thing is okay this is a for
lack of a better word a puddle of
noisome black ooze in which constantly
shifting are like you know that that
that like pin thing that you put your
hand under and an imprint of your hand
shows up except in this case those
imprints are faces and those faces keep
coming out of the black dude talking so
guys hey what huh huh yes make me a
sanity roll yeah that's that's a failure
that's a 91 it's a regular filler but
all right you have just lost five sanity
Wow and if you lose five sanity in a in
a short period of time
oh yeah let's see here the psychosis
thing you are going to you are going to
I want to get I got these wings wrong
last time so see I look at rules
he's very rules life but sometimes he
looks well on the sheet all right so
everything's fine here
yes screw this I'm gonna make stuff up
all right so make me a intelligence role
okay which I believe I want to fail if I
recall a 40 is a success all right so
the good news is this is the rule I got
wrong last time where if you if you want
to make the roll because you like snap
yourself back remember like Oh thinking
about everything is going on however if
you still have three choices fight
flight or freeze flight okay run okay
that is that is all you're gonna do you
are unable to take an action that is not
going to put you farther away from
whatever this thing is yeah every route
so so that's the first thing as you run
towards it you can try a you're gonna
have to jump over it okay no over the
counter well it's between the hill and
encounter the trap door so the curtains
here a trap door counter luckily there's
no cash register on the counter anymore
so I mean he was think of jumping kind
of diagonal past and over the counter
into the store like a dive at the
counter I'll give you advantage on the
jump rule all right
the jumping it is well weight or you
could try and bulrush your way past it
but if you do that much okay yeah I feel
like you might get absorbed into it
I don't know this thing but that's
that's my impulse all right so the 60s
no all right with a no six you like tuck
and roll you leap past it hit the ground
roll and you are up on your feet
excellent yeah you are waking up and can
you hear a bunch of people in the juju
house wrong
and you hear that rod now like am I like
on the stoop or am i you you fell you
like stumbled down the stoop and you
were lying unconscious on the ground of
the alley okay so I'm like pushing
myself up to my feet and because I hear
Donald in trouble he's fleeing the juju
house on a 15 Wow it's going to hmm it's
gonna try and grab you and when I say
grab I mean like various faces are
trying to my fight grab your arm by
biting puddles do you're going to want
to make a dodge roll Paris 13 success
that is a good heart so you know man
so you barely dodged out of the way I'm
sorry I made that you hear very
distinctly like as some head comes right
here you hear the sound of like teeth
chattering as it's just like tooth on
tooth crunch as it barely misses you you
are freaking out you are going to get in
the car and drive and maybe not stop
driving until you're in Connecticut you
know there's a good one all right so
we're back to you yeah out the door okay
one you make me gosh what would this be
I'm gonna say make me a sanity roll to
see if you even remember that
Alexandra's around here know
all right it's a failure so you wake up
mm-hmm I'm gonna bring this out of
initiative this is you wake up he
said run when he was in there he is now
he just he literally pushes you aside
and he's running down the Abbey sir okay
I get it
I played I played a character that Nevin
into psychosis in the one shot she he
Donnell is just down the alley heading
to the car I'm gonna say this you
don't know this if you get to the car
you're starting that car you're driving
because you missed that role okay so
you're next
oh we're not we're out of initiatives so
make me a decks role with disadvantaged
34 and 36 and that is that is still a
hard successful all right
so yeah he pushes you aside you roll
with it and are up on your feet and you
take off and because you got a hard
success you don't look behind you okay
so no god no sanity check you are
running you're following him I'm
guessing yeah okay and I'm gonna like
try to catch up with him because I think
I saw something about his eyes that made
me just go if you get to it before I do
I don't have a ride okay what is your
your your Dex is 80 what is your deck 75
okay so you are you are both very fast
cable so you can't you will you will not
be far behind him okay and he like jams
the car door open and he is starting the
car before you are even with through the
front and crank it yeah yeah so he is he
likes cranky he's just brought you you
run as he's cranking and his he has a
thousand-yard stare
and I and I like dive into the car okay
yeah you guys will drive away
Donal does not talk about it for the
sorg yeah he is driving
he's leaving New York Donald Donald hey
we have to go we have to get far away as
we possibly can for that thing is this
behind us I haven't looked is it behind
us it's following us still I'm gonna
turn around look you don't see anything
there's nothing in the street there's no
behind us all right we're almost they
were almost safe okay a bridge or a
tunnel that's what's gonna bridge no no
I'm not going to the tunnels right now I
can't say as I blame McDonald we need to
stop by my flat
there's no time there is time it might
know what your foot knows what your flat
is does it doesn't know me did it see
you did it see you remember it talk to
her yeah if something talked through her
and said we know who you are we know
when you've done conscious it was the
voice of the foe they the shopkeeper
mm-hmm it was Silas in Quantico my name
was a shopkeeper of course it was he had
your voice he was talking to me he says
they're watching of course they're
watching he saw us before we came into
the store but we've dealt with their
people before we dealt with their high
priest this thing in the in the basement
this thing was not as on but you told me
there were zombies I can deal with a
zombie can you shoot the zombie what was
it it was black black as night their
souls countless souls strapped inside of
it coming out like an anchor the shadows
it was shadows and be people inside the
shadows countless people talking I can't
put words to it was awful I didn't see
that it was awful I will bet that was
what was in the well you should have
looked in the well perhaps maybe not if
that's what I you saw and it freaked you
out so bad yeah I didn't get the ledger
damn it I'm not going back no if they if
they if they know who you are if they
know who we are it's it's worse than
death to go unless you come up with
something really persuasive
he's driving from New York he is
single-minded all right or unless you
want to take the wheel it might persuade
him to do that I have a 20 in persuade
that's
any other skills you could use but like
charlatan didn't persuade any of those
we shouldn't do that what's been driving
new charm is slightly better brought to
you by the national trend in Tiffany
don't chloroform and drive the more you
know the more you know I'm wait why did
it's also how you go insane all right
you you go meet the others drop me off
will beat the bridge soon drop me off
where any here yes are you sure this is
the best split the party I was like man
we have to split the split yeah if you
cannot handle being in the city right
now we may that's the we may need the
information that Erica Carlisle hasn't
that safe as week if we couldn't get the
juju house ledger and that's fine but we
main we will probably need whatever was
in that safe from the Carlisle expedition
can he roll it control himself again oh
no charm okay maybe maybe you could
rolls can I persuade so here I mean
brawl
Kyle would have to like that would be an
amazing turnaround mmm-hmm if like for
that for her to actually have sent you
anything to your house at this point in
you know the four hours since the thing
was dropped off in her place yes would
have to be a pretty impressive
turnaround it would be a very impressive
turnaround I'd give you a critical luck
role mmm do you want me to make that now
see if I can make that well we won't
know so you're gonna decide a very well
either
are you even gonna check I'm just
telling you like what it will actually
take we need some kind of information if
we just run then we have nothing
if you want I'll drop you right here and
drop me you know what to meet yes you
can make it you can make it there
Miskatonic will meet you there I'll see
you there Wednesday
Wednesday all right I'll pull her over
just it's just long enough for her to
I'll see you soon be careful
I will bottle is on the road that's how
one of your characters died yeah I've
got to go off on my own and do this well
no he knew yeah
I'm just hoping and honestly I'm gonna
give it to like Monday morning then get
the hell out he'll go until you feel
safe however long that does are you
that's right I mean are you are you
sensible enough to take the train like
drive to Connecticut and take the train
or are you gonna drive all the way to
Miskatonic I'm trying to think if he
would be Hey he's never been there
before he has no where is going it's
better that the Train
okay I think he feels safer once he's
once he feels out of New York he'll feel
safe in Africa to use the train all
right so yeah you'll you'll you you you
don't even drop the rail car off you
just leave it in the parking lot and you
are on a train to Connecticut so you're
about five hours behind them speaking of
you guys yeah you have an uneventful
train ride to connect to our kumasi
chiusa take it hit point and you a lot
less say you you get you make your
connection in Boston to Arkham and by
the time you get to Arkham it's a little
late there is there's not really Arkham
is a not a big town there's not really a
hotel there are some bed and breakfasts
and and rooms for rent and that sort of
thing rooms for that there's a boarding
house that when our boarding house was
[Laughter]
at the train station you know the when
you get off the guy be like oh yeah no
there's nowhere for six of you to stay
here in Arkham maybe you're gonna go to
you're gonna talk to Maude it's up
there's five of us so there's three
we're looking for oh yeah yeah well you
know maths is subjective reality yeah
question Arkham yeah so yeah you can
find five rooms at the same boarding
house
or at least it's really dinner nice yeah
yeah we're at least three if you don't
want to care about anybody else you sure
you'll have to we can we can bunch up so
you were staying at Maude Maude frickert
s' did you make that up or is that a
real thing Maude frickert is a character
that Jonathan winters did it was this
old grandmother and loved it an old
woman frickert so yeah you're staying at
Maude frickert sporting house and okay
it's doilies on the pillow a cat that
goes to whichever room it wants and it
you know nobody can figure out how it
got in there Arkham is the epitome of
like old gabled like houses in disrepair
there's a downtown you're just outside
of that is sort of modern it's got a
speakeasy which somehow you all you know
wherever easy he have a nose for these
it's an important skill with Emma I'm
not in dire need right now oh we know
there's a drink anyway you know there's
a diner and then there's a nicer Italian
restaurant and the university sort of
dominates the middle of town Arkham
University Miskatonic University mnek is
a huge chunk of the middle of town and
it is a bustling thriving University you
from all of the Arkham's
that yeah from all the Miskatonic stuff
sorry I keep saying Arkham Miskatonic
stuff is like in general gameplay are
you kind of playing off of that so it's
a seafaring town or it's got a river yep
the Miskatonic river runs right Emma and
there's yeah there's there's a large
cemetery there's a very nice park that
at night is not at all creepy and
shrouded in mist mm-hmm the university
again is the is the main device we could
go pull out the mythos - yeah exactly
gonna pull out the mouth yeah I feel
like in here is where Miskatonic pull up
the cards yeah so me those tales is
here's where I you know go off on a
tangent but me those tales is a really
interesting slightly it's needs needs
Arata
if you're gonna play it get the errata
but it is a some work yeah it is a it is
a detective game based in the Cthulhu
universe and so you are in the town of
Arkham and essentially it's like a
choose your own a multiplayer choose
your own adventure where like fun like
on my transom I'm gonna go to you know
and the weirdest area yeah I'm gonna go
and you have a phone book and so you can
decide it I want to see if the Arkham
registered the newspaper has anything go
to P 37 and so for this story your
encounter we are the veteran area again
if you want to play it I'm just gonna
caution you on board game geek there's
some errata that you really need because
there's one mission in particular that
references something that isn't on the
map and makes things much more did much
more difficult if you promise and I
spent forever trying to be like is it
two blocks this way or is it two blocks
that way I don't understand where the
most frustrating part of that game is
that at the end so it's based on another
game Sherlock Holmes consulting
detective and when you play that game at
the end it tells you what Sherlock
Holmes did and it's always like
something you would never think of
because you know because because I
thought the story's better the
information this one you have the the
head librarian of Arkham Richard
Armitage who like the ISIS here's what
he did and all of a sudden there's like
he did three steps you're like it took
me eight yeah we are like and that
wasn't even in the book yeah what do you
mean you talked to the guy at the tire
shop yeah yeah but meet those tales very
cool game and it comes with a neat map
of Arkham yeah if only it included that
Park that is very important in that
mission ah the park that is not at all
creepy and shrouded in fog that night
but and with you know I think with that
digression I think maybe let's go to
break yes let's we're gonna take a brief
break although really this is tape we
can take as long and break as we want so
you
it's like we never left all right we're
back no it doesn't catch just a
reference to the pause we're back from
break and shockingly in the time we they
took to reflect on all the things that
have gone wrong it didn't get any better
no so did we you know what no I'm going
to the kids section in the in it I'm not
going to meet those power of are you my
mother
one two three no the the four
dimensional architecture that is
whatever doctor says all right so non
you climb just to reset the stage
several of you are on college trains do
you know we get the indiana jones red
line the you three are now firmly
ensconced in Arkham you at at Mafra
Kurtz boarding house Donald's not far
behind
no not far behind very very soon it's
true and on the train you start to like
come back to your senses
the farther you get away from New York
the happier you are the so let's it's
let's stop and deal here for a little
bit by myself in New York yeah this is a
recipe for disaster so you are going
back to your house to check to see if I
am going to go back to toe into my flat
and doesn't we don't have a doorman or
like a super okay so I'm gonna like I'm
gonna be cautious about this because I
remember a whole blown in the front of
my building
um and I'm gonna like walk past the
building a couple of times to see if
anyone is like watching it or anything
nope everything's fine if you say so
everything looks great to me so after
I've walked past the house a couple of
times and I feel like no one's watching
it who knows if that's actually true I'm
gonna go into the building and like tap
on up and like knock on the Super's door
it's like early evening sure yeah
Deirdre how are ya how can I help you hi
um I just wanted to check and see if any
messages had been left for me or any
packages had come or anything make that
luck roll here we go you make a critical
luck roll nope all right
no no haven't got anything you expect
expecting something yes I'm waiting I'm
waiting to hear from a friend of mine
has anyone come asking for me around
I'm planning to be out of town firm for
in Britain for a couple of days so if
him so if anyone comes looking for me
would you mind holding on to my things
my packages of course yeah that's no
problem at all appreciate it
sure and I'm just looking a step us to
step back out and just like look up the
stairs and decide whether I want to take
the risk
okay no all the things that were
important to me are at the back of hotel
alright so you're going back to the
Argonaut yeah okay yeah you you pack
everything up and you can be on a train
in the morning
yeah and and in the morning I'm gonna
call back it back to the house and
batten back to the super and see if
anything has happened make me a luck
roll I'm retiring these days wait wait
wait wait wait was that a fumble that
was a hundred oh he says yeah yeah I uh
Carlisle Erika Carlisle I did yeah all
right I'll be there shortly
okay I'm gonna go back to my flat okay
and probably die you get to your flat
and you wring your super mm-hmm and yes
you have a letter from Erica Carlisle
yeah I'm gonna pop it up and okay really
hundred gets rid of the one the the
letter is basically a very polite damage
for image that is thank you for your
thank you for your kind communication
I'm afraid this time I have no further
comment on the the the the passing of my
brother I ask that our family ask that
you respect our privacy in this still
heavy sighs oh but I'm back at full
health now sure okay that was a nice way
to look on the bright side yeah you know
what all right and I well you just have
to make her understand no I'm I'm I I
have enough social graces to understand
when when it went out door was gonna
door got slammed in my face now it turns
out she likes jazz yeah well maybe it
made it maybe we'll come back around if
she decides that my voice is the Ella
Fitzgerald night hmm all right I want to
stop by
Carlton Ramsey and then get out of town
okay because I'm pushing my luck okay
Carl trams he is very unhappy to see you
I'm sure he is she will when you come in
like he just holds a paper in front of
your face it's today's paper mm-hmm
his paper has something about us the
Monday edition mm-hmm has something
about the cop killers broke into a store
in Harlem and is open yeah murdered ten
people gruesomely what that was not what
happened I don't care that was your
super yeah he doesn't care either none
of them care I I don't care what
whatever happened all that matters is
what's in the paper yeah damn it they
are they are painting you with a very
wide brush here and you do not have
control of the narrative no we don't
I have a horrible idea I'm going to keep
it to myself I really want you I really
want to hear this formula you can you
could get get them believe that the be
cop killers were the ones actually
responsible for the previous murders not
Hilton Adams
that's a terrible that's a terrible idea
and and again the description of these
two like the the sketches of those two
are included and the and the
descriptions of YouTube okay but they
don't have like a sketch of me
they don't have no they the descriptions
of you two are pretty generic okay so
I'm not free and clear but definitely
right you really need to stop coming
here
alright do you want to know where we're
going next or would you prefer to be
left out of it I don't think it's a bad
idea to tell me again if you have need
of certain specific resources I know
people who might be able to connect you
with things mm-hmm with enough lead time
so so yeah you you know if we just oh
here's what we'll do every time you
arrive in a place send me a telegram
mm-hmm with the name of the hotel you're
staying at but that's it okay and you'll
know it's from us no one else is gonna
send me then the name of a hotel that's
fair all right you can tell them it's
from mrs. Zoe Smith or something yeah
it's fine all right I don't get a lot of
telegrams all right we'll we'll keep you
abreast of what's going on and if you
require that assistance the telegram
would also be the the best way to do
this all right and send it to the PIO
box that I gave you not to my office oh
he gave us a PA box yes okay
I don't remember that but there was a
lot happening last episode all right all
right I'm leaving town all right so you
four are gonna have a day in Arkham yeah
before I get there
lovely lovely are commence Zoe's last
name because Miss Smith okay and did he
show up just like wide-eyed middle of
the night an hour after yeah he shows
like drank myself into a nap I'm sorry
what I went to bed religious for the for
following the path of the Carlisle
expedition what I want to pick up guides
or books for not bad all right so you
know that the Carlisle's petition went
from London to Cairo to Kenya Nairobi
right yeah well that's not Ruby's a city
in a fanny
yeah well and do you want to talk about
this but the Africa question is tougher
because there are a number of tribal
languages mm-hmm in in in Cairo Arabic
yes super useful or possibly there's
Demi otic Egyptians which is a
bastardization of hieroglyphics there's
still spoken dice I'm gonna find a book
on hand for that army you will be fine
well not not looking in Oh cuz that's
like that's just like browsing
that's not buying right I'm looking for
like oh so you can find it Arabic yeah
for sure
oh we can check and yeah you will you
know that will help also oftentimes on
on ships if you're travelling to
somewhere specific there will be some
language classes that will you know give
you some basics okay so yeah you are
I'm gonna give you each you know you can
I'm gonna give you each one die roll in
Arkham to do something so let's start
over here what are you researching or
looking for in Arkham well pardon me for
the podcast listeners professor lamb
Lester
thank you well done yes so um
yes well I'm gonna be looking in the
library for professor plum you still
have a crowbar yeah oh yeah no that's
not its you're looking crocuses or even
it I'm keeping it so I'm gonna research
in the library actually I'm gonna I'm
gonna try to research about this bloody
ha ha all right
so was it a heart success now is a good
one though 41 out of 65 okay so the cult
of the bloody Tong is a king of death
cult it worships a a being or a dandy
called the bloody Tong it is did you get
a hard success
no okay so it is it is believed that
this cult is dormant and his you know
out is no longer extant but you find
some materials that like make a and you
know in Jackson's notes make it clear in
his forehead make it clear the the color
is not dormant and you also find a
description of the of the blood of the
being the bloody tongue and it describes
a primal alien beast that embodies rage
and sort of callous disregard for any
safety itself others whatever just
wanton violence and I think for a normal
success that's most of what you're gonna
get mmm you know I'll give you that the
the most common weapon of the cult is a
club let's see here it has
civic name it's a club that is it's a
club with a with a spike in it it's a
spiked club that is called that's what
over in no that's your you are the
murder Club no with the Great Dane
Society I have a feeling we're gonna
know for YouTube we can't change the
name murder club tonight on Murder Club
first rule of hey that would don't well
why our search ability with Robins don't
go to the library fudge alright this the
name is Mikey Club here we go it is
called a up ponga ponga cool what are
you doing for your time oh you're
looking for a book on Arabic descent and
ABCs and I was just gonna yeah well I
didn't enjoying isn't gonna take oh I
was actually gonna do some research but
is it gonna take a long time to find if
not a bin everybody gonna know but go
ahead what do you want to research
actually I was gonna do the same tongue
yeah well just general cults in the area
to just anything okay well because it
might not be documented perfectly and
there might be okay Colts in the area
sure make me a libraries let me know
what kind of success you get that would
be not a success alright so when you ask
for Colts in the area
the librarian says oh there are no cults
in Arkham three people in the library
laugh how comfortable is the laugh is it
uh no no no no it was one guy agrees a
little too s no she's right there Nelson
Arkham we just set fire to feel like
another role is in order just leave that
where it is so what you'll find is that
oh you know what you find you find a
there's cults in Arkham no you find a
handbill to a lecture
and you find notes to a lecture that was
given in Harvard by a professor cowls
that was notes about a bat cult that
existed among the Aboriginal peoples of
Australia and the god of the cult was
known as the father of all bats and that
that sort of resonates with you because
the other words one also never minds
Betty let me know when you tell me this
and I'm gonna shorthand this very
quickly but basically the followers this
cult believed that by making human
sacrifices they themselves become worthy
enough that the father of all bats would
appear to them once he appears he will
conquer all men and they used clubs that
were embedded with the sharp teeth of
bats genes and what was it that's the
only important information to the bat
Club what now what does he do to all men
he will conquer all men look up he shows
up and it is this this cult seems to be
in northern Australia now I hope you
all right that's what you get what are
you researching or looking for two
options for Donnell I'm either he's
gonna deal to Saturday okay
but psychologists and argue basically
have until Wednesday right yes today is
this is Monday yes all right
but the first day Monday what he wants
to do is go to the music department up
of Barkham bring his violin with him
find a nice quiet open precious all by
himself to the lights drone low and this
place of music and try to get his mind
sort of that I will give you one sanity
back for that yeah you have you have
found your you know that is you feel
centered and you feel you know sort of
back in your element and it it kind of
grounds you again and now yeah mi it's
for the second day what are you having
do a call back little yeah our
Brotherhood black bear oh there we go
alrighty mcdee library youth mother of
what Angus 96 yes
alright you'd find all sorts of really
interesting books that you really really
really want to read Oh give me a good so
you move out or do I have to stay in the
inner sanctum to read it you know
these are the eeeh this is in the
restricted collection so you find a book
that tells you that it's a it's
essentially a dynastic history of Egypt
and it says that in the oh let's see
here
and I think I know some of this Wow well
well I remember this being talked about
yeah cuz that's where I was like in the
end of the third dynasty uh-huh a man
known as nephron cough came to Egypt
nephron call was a powerful sorcerer he
brought madness and death to his enemies
the stories say he came from an ancient
city in the deserts of Arabia Ihram the
city of pillars
this place is mentioned in allah's 'if
all who knew of it held it in dread
nephron kah revived the worship of an
old foul God the black Pharaoh soon
nephron Khan that God were
interchangeable in the minds of the
people and the sorcerer became known as
the black Pharaoh for many years the
black Pharaoh fought with the the
successors of the third dynasty for
control of the land for a time nephron
at last a another pharaoh named I love
this name
snah Pharaoh Pharaoh SME Fe are you yeah
snah Pharaoh rose and founded the fourth
dynasty with the aid of Isis he defeated
the evil magic of nephron Khan what
you're so that that's like the preface
of this book you read okay this is gonna
take you all of their time in Arkham
charity cuz you like start reading and
you don't stop like they have to kick
you out every night and you're like I'll
be back tomorrow
so I'm sure they're used to that there
is so what you find out that's the
preface of the book basically the
meat of the book is all about how stupid
Snow Fairy was okay now Snow Fairy built
a pyramid in maiden which is a a
dynastic city in
Egypt meid he built a pyramid in
Maidan to contain the Sorcerer's body
the goal of this pyramid was to lock the
black Pharaoh and not allow him access
to eternal life and so when I'm reading
this do I think that the black Pharaoh
is Allah's if Furcifer no al-aziz is a
book I'm sorry Ella's even Aaron calm oh
no well so again there was a black
Pharaoh before nephron calm yeah but now
nephron Khan the black Pharaoh are
synonymous okay in contemporarily in
Third Dynasty Egypt okay but and not
to go down a rabbit hole of weird
Egyptian stuff but Pharaohs often became
gods I know to the people and that sort
cuz I'm considered gods what would be my
theory like so I'm feeling almost like a
chicken-and-egg it's in your theory so
is nephron Khan now the black Pharaoh
like if like in my head if I meet him
again in a dream and I roll up on him
and be like hey nephron Chi I know your
name I would forward to that
conversation me to use words like Baron
like I locked him in I locked him in
a temple later I'm back I'm back baby
well about that as you read further the
first pyramid mm-hmm collapsed okay gee
funny funny things happened I'm going to
the on the way to the pyramid at a
second pyramid which was already under
construction was hurriedly repurposed
this second pyramid was in dahshur I
that pyramid well no he didn't you're
not gonna get that you only got a normal
success right what do you mean you know
I've epically failed which is okay yes
you are getting all sorts of crazy yeah
so there's another pyramid at dahshur
the red pyramid which is said to go
- or less nephron kah arise from the
dead and that is what you actually I'm
gonna give you since you failed so badly
and since you're about to lose some
sanity you find out that in the sixth
dynasty several hundred years after all
this a queen Knight Icarus brought came
to power she was thought to be in lead
with a new cult of the black Pharaoh
I've heard that name before
Queen yeah yes I was gonna I was gonna
see if I could get some more info on
that and I couldn't so you're not gonna
hear like he's basically not going to
talk about any of us for several days
right you don't see Emma but for like
three days
he's called micro tests in IT OCR is
night night Oprah's curse she'll never
talk about her face Waller fed was
sticky bun yeah sticky buns and whiskey
oh but that's one of my my dream things
so I'm thinking I could it would well
again things I look at you don't know
any of okay but I don't know of that
yeah but I have that name so that was
the other thing I was gonna try to
alright so that is the first yeah we
could share that it's the first time so
you've got all your stuff now make me a
sandwich but what about the Brotherhood
like and then I just like is there
anything because I know that the black
the Brotherhood of the black Pharaoh was
disbanded about 50 to 100 years ago
that's right they were yeah and I know
about zahar just trying to lose more
savvy so Rajah peak is the spice she's
the lady in the spice shop got it okay
Egyptian murder cult that was the title
of that segment well and we do remember
31 so I make it alright so you don't
lose and you don't lose any sanity oh
you feel like there are vistas in this
book that could be opened to you if only
I could talk to the black Pharaoh one
more time
well I mean that's certainly one way to
do it yeah if only your your your if
only you could comprehend it you feel
like they're under vistas to this book
okay you are you are more than if you'd
missed your San role you would probably
try to steal this book I'm thinking
about it right now we'll get back to
that alright we went that way this so
you are now here yeah in in Arkham Hall
am i Stefan looking very tired yeah is
this the Monday yes yeah so that was you
get in Monday evening mm-hmm and I like
to look around and see if I can find
them yeah you you there's not that many
boarding houses and not only that but
basically if you're not from Arkham and
you're and you're not going to the
college you pretty much go to Mafra to
the Mafra core it's a boarding house
okay all right so now day similarly
you're each gonna get except for you
you're each gonna get one thing to do um
Amy like shows up at breakfast mm-hmm
and goes right to the light and you see
me briefly for dinner as I shove a
cinnamon bun in my throat and yeah walk
I I do want before we disperse from
well made there's bad news there's a lot
of bad news more than we have now again
because I could also be an episode a lot
of bad news
the the cops found the the the juju
house and they found well not not what
was not what you described it why don't
we sell them first what happened - I
don't know tell them I was unconscious
for most of it all I know is that a
shopkeeper has some sort of spell
divination or something on the outside
as soon as we arrived he knew we arrived
he spoke through Alexandra I was
unconscious at the time like he knew we
were there yeah I went aside quickly to
try to find the ledger
before I could even search something
came out of that basement it was not a
zombie it was something much much much
worse than a zombie I don't have words
just push it down deep inside
you started it I got like like moving
ink or shadows no you don't have to know
just squish it into a little ball push
it down right it was horrible horrible I
made it out alive
Aleksandra we escaped just not obviously
but it I don't know how much you've I
read the book at this point where I was
like just one didn't know okay it wasn't
it wasn't a zombie it was like large
shadow ink blobs I'm sorry close your
ears silly it was massive it was
multiple multiple things maybe souls
minis many souls Oh faces and now we
read the news the newspaper you say yes
where where they said that the Harlem
cop killer is broken too broken to a
house and care about business a local
business and killed 10 people there were
bodies found in the juju house it's like
that like all of them were in this one
thing it was horrible so for very
obvious reasons he wants to be associate
with this Carlton Ramsey wants to be
associated this as little as possible
but we are still carrying on Jackson
elias's work we got a new more about
this cult that's just like yeah no this
is great this is where we need to be so
you both have alibis now cool you
weren't there you you were on the train
it doesn't matter we're gonna sing Rob
since crooked as the day is long
that is just something like those who
keep those stubs there's a paper say
there was four safe there's for what for
yes a report all right this look at this
you're always like exonerated he wasn't
i right
technicality not by extension you might
also just saying like it's not like that
your alibis well but there are five of
us
so they said our killers are there and
it's like well it can't be this group
because there's five of us
there you go genius there's no track
moves of this there's more okay that
could also be a drag me into this
oh here's more but they wait there's
more
what is it I stopped off at my flat and
I heard back from Erica Carlisle and
nothing she doesn't remember me
apparently no and that should be pretty
much her mo I think in general but we
could when were in London try and find
someone who could pull her chain pull
her strings or whatever no China yeah
port chain and see if they could dig out
his psychological profile for us it
wasn't a psychological profile we know
the papers I'm not gonna say is not so
we can keep going okay but again he was
closely associated with the penny
foundation mhm as the papers have said
so I'm not really being revealing
information every out here so so if we
can get in contact with the Penn Yan
foundation right and you know that
Jackson Elias went to the London went to
the Panda foundation so we should once
we're on the boat telegrams I hope to
visit those nice Shipley's ask for an a
meeting and then just see what we can
whoever's got the highest skill with
human beings so that leaves no one we do
have a doctor of archaeology true yes I
have archaeology like a choir that is
for research yeah so when I get there
maybe impress upon him that you would
like to I don't know continue continue
research continue the research and then
I'll use sources and if he could request
those for us therefore we don't have to
then specifically ask her again call
Cthulhu the only RPG where all the PCs
are introverts yeah I'm just gonna read
this that said Erica Carlisle was making
it very clear that they wanted to be
left alone in this very trying time
never mind the fact that you know I
don't think she cared much for her
brother well let's do we know anything
that's been five years has it been five
between Formosa difference enough and
also to do we know any pressure points
that we can place on her right here if
you rub a little bit between the
shoulders mmm
what I wouldn't give for a massage
anyway no but that's but yeah no it's a
good point about being able to maybe use
some of my connections to be able to get
some more information
well and he was a Playboy one day maybe
maybe there's someone that we can find
that was connected to him that would
know a bit more oh yeah I might know
somebody is he is this University been a
useful towards our endeavors hugely so
far yeah so far yeah oh is that research
going I mean I stopped everyone at
breakfast in wet there's news it's not
good plan is Friday right well don't we
have to leave what everyday we have to
leave we should you should leave
Wednesday you can be able to get to the
vote on Friday yeah okay so now I know
when to get the go get tickets okay
second class nope all of you say that
out loud no saying that's specifically
to one person here who all right yeah
actually so you spare twenty-five times
five to fifty that's 1250 25 times 5 20
times 5 is 125 yeah zero because it's
250 what do I roll the catch wind it is
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] don't you're you're in a book
yeah you're you're you are consumed yeah
by all right so the only thing I do want
to do after hearing me it's probably get
an upgrade once you're on the Bobo blank
not if they have room the only one thing
I do want to do is because I feel very
concerned about the lost souls which
ones the tens are in the juju house that
are trapped in that black ooze that I
write that I write a telegram
okay using just an anonymous our aim to
what's this
I think it's Patrick Donnelly but I
don't know who is who are you who are
you writing contacting the Vatican no
some but like my actual father like the
father of my local church okay yeah yeah
god bless I don't know where his name is
in here
it's in here somewhere I check
Donnelly's good enough yeah Patrick
Donnelly's apparently oh you might be on
the back father Donnelly Donnelly boy
father Galli
yeah yeah so write to him just saying
that you know we don't now we're gonna
change brands it's not it's no longer at
GI Joe minute it's a Father Dowling
minute just saying that you know it's
kind of to the effect of you know they
need to there are some lost souls at
that establishment and that if you could
just you know say prayer all right yeah
of course you send that off mm-hmm well
uh ya know we'll start we'll start the
Murder She Wrote content soon that's
gonna be exciting
all right so it is Tuesday we went this
way this way we'll go this way this time
what are you doing for the today well
Donald's not much of the library but
he's gonna give it a shot
okay since it's different what are you
interested in finding out of him he
wants to see if he can figure out what
that thing was in the basement
Oh give me some monster stories and
folklore about her creatures and
whatever sure okay good dirty libraries
will take that sanity that one point of
Sandy will be gone soon 81 is a failure
all right so you find a man what was
Michelle's character's name and horror
on the Orient Express I can't remember
Constance
no oh not pearl so you Fitz not civil
Ramsdale be sad you find a children's
book
no you're bound by sim Sybil whatever
her last name is that is essentially a
children's this was our friend Michelle
was actually doing this in a campaign
where every time she saw something awful
she'd she'd draw it and then write like
a little children's limerick about it so
she has created a children's book about
there is something called a Checotah
that is a a a ravenous beast that
devours Souls and then whatever it
devours becomes part of it and the
picture looks a lot like what you saw
there it's cuter and crayon Oh gonna
deal with that watercolors you know they
really take the edge off and then why is
looking Michels now killed he'll look at
some other books or other pages in the
same book okay there they're all
terrifying mm-hmm with author's name is
what
Sybil's oh man I'm gonna have to ask her
afterwards mm-hmm I'll find out the last
name for you she was making a children's
book yes Nicholas yeah as she was like
who did she shoot you who did she like
somebody was trying to take her car and
she pulled out a 45 and like no she's
not I'm going straight to the first time
where didn't her like driver get dragged
down in the sewers or something yeah
that's right like remember stuff that
had a driver who hated you all well
maybe for the audience you should
explain this a little bit this was so
this is a home game that Thomas and Amy
and Nick and I that I ran for those guys
with some of our other friends long ago
and I just every once in a while will
make oblique references to having those
characters pop in here and nice I
totally don't remember Sybil's last name
but I find it out I'll find out and I
will I'll let you know what it is right
on but yes she that was like once Sybil
retired because her sanity got very low
and that was what's it when civil
returned that's what she'd been doing is
she had been writing a children's book
about various horrors of the Cthulhu
Mythos Edward Gorey yeah yeah Emma died
by the way yes really not Emma nine of
us have done yep was that was that the
Emma that participated in the fertility
ritual oh yes it was
what is awesome okay ran naked in the
woods yeah made a deal with a yoga dad
we're tight being chicken feet oh you
never make a deal with Baba Yaga Baba
Yaga know that first time I didn't make
it this one Festinger the first was a
librarian from our kin the second mo was
a tabloid reporter in London yeah on the
train the train was fine until played
together sorry
welcome to other alternate histories
when I bring back other Emma's they'll
know this it's a shuffle of cards so
yeah you you spend you are horrified
that this is in the children's section
but they're even as educational it is
yes it does not no it's not it's not
that hard there's not enough context or
actual you know real content but you
like spend a good hour just staring at
that picture in the your like see here
you're you're sitting in the library and
you turn the page and you're just like
then you just stare at it for an in
comfortable a long time do you think it
moves yeah what are you looking for I
want to go through the the newspaper
archives and find as much as I can on
the Carlisle expedition
all right maybe libraries roll nice my
library uses bad I'll see you do it nope
so you find the entire itinerary so you
find I will give you I'll give you the
timeline of their travels so anyway I
want to find out like the names of the
people who were involved where where
they went and you know everything
everything that I can find out about
them sure the names are easy of the
Carlisle expedition they
elsewhere in my book this was that you
have Robert Carlisle so here be a robbery
pen Hugh dr. Robert Hugh Wilson Hypatia
Master Jack sleeping Brady Brady yep
Erica Carlisle mm-hmm it wasn't there
but Binet was yeah yeah although I
suppose she is not mentioned
I'm sure she isn't but I remember her I
was was never highlighted as a
girlfriend
right so the the the basic in April of
1919 the Carla expedition leaves New
York for England it about a week 10 days
later arrives in London leaves London on
the 28th of April so for two weeks later
so they're in London for a total of two
weeks on the 15th of May they arrive and
they arrive in Cairo on the 20th of May
they start a dig near Giza that dig ends
on May 26th in Giza yes and it ends when
May 20 May 26th there is no record of
the expedition again until July in July
of nineteen 1919 the cart that this all
happens in 1919 I misheard the other day
in July 1919 the Carlisle expedition
plans their safari vacation in Kenya and
yes there are audible air quotes on the
word innovation there so basically from
the 20th of May until the 3rd of July
there's no stories about the expedition
then they go on the 18th of July they
yes my handwriting is awful but I can
Mombasa October 15th 1919 sorry what
October 15th 1919 the Carlisle expedition
is presumed dead March 1920 Erika
Carlisle arrives in Kenya to search for
traces of the Carlisle expedition hmm
may 19 20 mil ated remains of the
Carlisle expedition are found June 1920
I thought all this writing is like ASMR
that it is June 1925 nandi tribesmen
and this is not anything you find but
just for context May 1923 Jackson Elias
departs New York to do his research on
and that letter one of the letters you
found from him was was written in
Nairobi - Jonah Kensington and it was
dated August 1924 nargis 824 Wow so he
spent a year and a half on this nearly
yeah traveled the world - so yeah you
get that timeline and you also get the
names of the Carlisle expedition which
for for the for the newcomers I'll just
go over again very quickly
Roger Carlisle billionaire playboy
philanthropist Oh another philanthropist
pardon really wanted to decided to go
travel the world and do a dig in Egypt
probably because of the influence of
Syrah prepend you you know the names
robbed repent Hugh he is a noted
archaeologist he has been he has been
involved with NEC here I'm gonna give
he has been involved he threw the pen
you foundation he's been involved in
dozens of digs in Egypt yes and you know
that the pin Hugh foundation is a
massive underwriter of influential
research on all things all things
concerning Egypt also part of the group
and he he seems to the best you can tell
he was he's a psychiatrist not not very
much is known about him Hypatia masters
she was the heiress to a armaments
fortune and she was quite wealthy
she was a bon vivant attending boarding
schools in the continent and she she was
always there were always rumors that she
was involved with Roger Carlisle
she was along on the expedition as a
photographer last but not least is Jack
brass Brady he was a marine US Marine he
was he was Roger Carlisle's bodyguard so
those are the members of the Carlisle
foundation car Lance position place your
bets as to which ones we're gonna run
into I have my my smile YouTube getaway
I have my money on Jack brass Brady
because he's the one most likely to beat
the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of us but if I know well
dinner alive is the bigger question no I
know do we run into dinner lives
Wyatt rested be scary scary either way
yes exactly
so yeah that's what you get for that
what are you looking for let me know if
griddlecakes bar will make you a lovely
pancake nice I'd like to see again
going to like bookstores potentially uh
is it possible there's like a cult
stores and yes so I'm I'm particularly
interested in looking into guides on
like Kenya expeditions but what I'm
really looking for when I flip through
books to buy them I'm looking for
anything about like plants about the
area
just like general make me a library you
stroll yeah just a hard success oh just
just lose you gotta find we're gonna
find a book that lays out the medicinal
properties of various herbs and plants
that are native to the Kenyan area so I
will give you advantage on any role like
of recognizing herbs in Kenya I will
forget that by the time you guys are in
Kenya sign it down enemy but you have
you will have advantage and you can
refer to that book or as needed and what
I have time to do a little bit of
research in the library proper as well
or is that pushing it will do that sure
what do you what do you want to find out
I'm mainly curious about drawing
parallels between the the vampire cult
the car theory yeah and the oh no this
is cuz that's the bloody tongue right
yeah the bloody tongue the father of
bats and the father of maggots okay
and make me a library you strollin see
what happens cuz seeing if there's
anything I can see that correlates oh
yeah that's another no that's just a
there's there's nothing that isn't like
puerile there's there's really not a lot
of conjecture there's not a lot of
connecting the dots there okay you would
need to talk to me fair point
yeah there so you don't really find
anything there okay and what are you
looking for Nigel Chris all right uh
make me a library you stroll I just this
is the kind of thing you only say into
food you might use some inspiration on
that I just mean it there okay all right
yeah you made it look so more what you
find is the the almost complete lack of
mention of nitrous to the point that it
is clear that the
as you know if this person existed they
have been expunged from the historical
record which is actually quite
impressive because the historical record
was literally carved into walls yeah
yeah but it's that's been done before
yeah no no yep dad that the female
pharaoh was basically chiseled out of
resistance and so so what you get is
that you get no spaghetti that like you
get the complete absence of mention of
her which is significant in and of its
yes yes is there anything else you want
to look for or that I see ninety
Chris was the big one that I dare to
find something about oh I remember some
of those hieroglyphs you know I had
never seen before
yeah so I want to see if I can if they
go through the books and see if I
recognize any of those ones that I have
stuck in my head there we go sure yeah
uh yeah maybe a library use role let's
see what happens I just made it again
alright you could spin luck on it that
would be awesome
only that would be a first spinning luck
on a library is real life I mean success
you get the more yes I'm gonna do it
because I'm wondering well you know so
did you know anything about how much
luck it was causing I get to a heart
success cuz yeah but I mean if you're
spending less yeah that would yes do you
want to inspire it we are we are down to
two
we are only down three okay that Breen
III I don't think that I should inspire
it I'll take cuz I did I did make it it
just didn't do very well
so you find you find yet so you find a
couple of the the symbols that you saw
and they all have to do it's it's almost
like a recursive reference to rebirth
mm okay so it's like four different ways
of in a in a recondite manner saying
rebirth interesting okay all right and
you are continuing to go crazy after
your book and that's gonna close Tuesday
Wednesday you guys need you figure you
need to be heading out by I might give
you each one roll with disadvantage to
do something in the morning or if you'd
rather like you know just got ready to
go that's cool but I'll I'll give you a
role with disadvantage if you if you
have something you want to find let's
start over here and are you gonna steal
this book so you are in the protected
stacks it would be a lot harder you
basically sign in and a woman like you
leave your bag at the at the desk in a
little cubby because no one has ever
shoved a book in the waistband of their
pants yeah I would ask for two books and
put one I don't know appears a
question you feel like ah if you just if
you just read this book vistas unknown
vistas are open to you if we have to
flee are come what's I'm already joining
the Foreign Legion so yeah so I am I
that really obsessed with it no you may
have your sand rule if you'd missed the
sand rule yes how do you feel dad stop
okay you know you would have to have
this book you made your sand roll so all
it is is that knowing little like I
could mm-hmm
you know you're like the rich kid who
shoplifts yeah that's tough because it's
like if I don't feel like compelled like
if I walk away and be like I should have
taken it then that's an issue cuz I
would have taken it I mean you made you
made your sand roll so this come it's
not it's you know this is just like
little little voice in the back of your
head can't blend this one on the GM yeah
no blame it on a dice the Dyson screwed
us today no we've been down pretty
pretty bad what do you mean I found this
awesome book here somebody's playing I
have rolled 200 that never just because
you had reduced your gamblers sake yeah
um early in the morning I asked the
librarian to look for something where
there is a God or a God cult like a cult
around to God that is five-tiered or has
five aspects like I paces yeah yeah okay
the obese woman yep this is it the
serpent the father of the maggots the
bipedal bat and the dark bear that was
it thank you okay make me that libraries
role with you I'm gonna say that your
specificity is gonna overpower the
sanity you know disadvantage but then
again your specific I mean how would it
know you still disadvantaged because
you've got a time crunch okay so that
was ten all right disadvantages one wow
I can't look at this there you go all
right no I'm onesies nobody likes you
closer so ten all right Wow okay that
for you though that's for a critical
success no that would be so library yes
oh that is actually no you don't is my
critical ding yes this I was stealing
this book is like chained they like
bring you into a cage and they where's
he at
I know what are your a cage oh no I'm
not going to the library this morning I
was actually gonna go get supplies okay
mmm means breakfast okay yeah exactly
fat no actual all right gonna get them
in Canada
yeah I'm just saying if I had double the
abilities okay I don't to do with the
diversion of the currency no it's easier
to get it here so yeah this one like you
are in the the super senior understood
acts yeah
oh no she wants no part of like okay but
you are led into this room you are in a
cage you will like ring a bell
when you're ready and they will come and
get you feels like an asylum
um and this book what's the name of the
book what was the name of the other book
that I wanted maybe take me down say uh
oh the book that you wanted to take was
a dynastic history of Egypt fantastic
history the true dynastic history engine
I'm not making this all up as I go okay
and loss by Azhar Danny it's written by
Jackson alight no so this is this is
more almost like a paper and it is this
is a paper titled speculative
connections of transcontinental cults
well that's book I was looking for and
this this paper is written by by a
professor mm-hmm and he speculates that
Hopi hilarious if it was Octavia that
there is the the thesis is that there is
a world spawning conspiracy that is run
by death cults that are that are across
the world and that each of these cults
is an aspect of a dark force possibly a
reincarnation of an ancient ruler of
Egypt called nyla
yes dark stores of what what Egyptian
pharaoh a potentially a former ruler of
Egypt named gnarley' though tip so I was
trying to shorthand it for writing but
to go it's not that they know that there
was a pharaoh named Nayar Lathon attempt
they just sort of they heard that name
and they figure you know they're not
gonna say like oh there's an out there's
an outer god named Ayala fo tip this is
some thing got it and the the paper and
and because it's a paper that's the only
reason that you can sort of get through
yeah the paper conjectures that the cult
of the bloody tongue in Kenya the
Brotherhood of the black Pharaoh in
Egypt the cult of the sand bat in
Australia and the order of the bloated
woman in China are all various aspects
of this figure and one of the footnotes
Samson says bloody tongue sand bat order
of border of the bloated woman and what
was the fourth one bloody tongue
Brotherhood of the black Pharaoh that's
it
cult force and back order of the bloated
woman so one of the footnotes from these
I was like who's 505 is the nut is
nayeth otep NS a demo themselves oh wow
Kol to the son bat aside and Sandman
order of the Pharaoh what was a blow to
the black Pharaoh yeah cult of the
bloody tongue is it you notice that it
does not mention the father at Magfest
yeah one of the footnotes in this book
references that the name nyah throat AB
and most of what it suggests about it
all come from the book al Aziz and it
mentions that there is that the copy of
Alice Eve that they examined was at the
the Egypt the Egyptian Museum in Cairo
yeah
and there's no other information other
than that's listed as its source
right that's touch that's literally the
foot now cat says like I felt three
pages with notes all right you want to
look up anything in the morning almost
like it will have disadvantage think
Donald's gonna do is start preparing for
this this trip sure so he'll start
getting supplies for himself and I don't
know
oh I'm gonna do that yeah you guys can
you coordinate yep maybe we can get one
non-disadvantaged rule I think I'm gonna
join them because there's I'm not good
at library stuff and got your instead
ministry looking for anything so have
you you've traveled transcontinental II
you know that firearms laws in England
are I read there they're not that bad if
you're English
they're terrible if you're Irish you
know you're you're not bringing guns
explain the two of you but we
shouldn't be bringing anything but yes
bringing weapons so you don't know well
no so in in through totally above-ground
means in England you cannot buy firearms
however you can pay $20 for a hunting
lease
20 yet pounds for a hunting license and
all the shotguns you want because
shotguns are hunting implements unless
you're Irish or is that even our idea
well the Irish might have a little more
problem but buy one and yeah but you can
like you control usually just walk in
and I hate for your hunting license
there and buy a dozen shotguns and
they'd be fine with him but don't try
and buy a handgun anywhere in England
because you'll be arrested almost
immediately well I I have my bag with
them with the false with the false
bottom and he has the the viola case
with the false bottom of course you do
so Linda veal and you're the first
violin it's larger than a violin case
but so
you got I mean so when you're buying
these supplies you it's very easy to buy
weapons and ammunition of a small number
here yeah but taking it on the boat
would be a lot more difficult you know
you you've got your space for a
concealed stuff customs at first class
is not that bad at second class it's not
it's still on it's sorting those first
class tickets oh no I got a story
well here's your second class can I
bring my crowbar well we will need to
open it
no we we need to not be looked at as we
come into England and first class is the
easiest way to do that because rich
people never do anything wrong yeah they
can we get one first-class ticket and
dump everything on them it's not a money
issue we have the money let's get more
well let's just not waste it we
shouldn't just throw away money let me
know what I watched our money they're
just doing this they're going out what
do you need alright well we don't
need every runner at first the last
thing I wanted to do is actually museums
in it so I could find something like
that that's all I'm saying if they had
anything there that I could hmm get any
more info make me let's see make me a
luck roll what the heck
all right okay you got a puncher's
chance no all right so an exhibit an
Egyptian exhibit left the museum a
couple months ago but Arkham despite
having a lovely Museum just does not get
a lot of world traveling exhibits are
going to Boston or New York not to
Arkham okay so I need to hear this
persuasion role I'm not here just on my
mind hoping why wouldn't we want to all
travel first-class we
of we have the resources we have the
$50,000 at our disposal as long we
talking about this affirmative this is
what you get into just just because we
can do something doesn't mean that we
necessarily should do so it's for
security they look the other way if then
we all read each one person well they
can have a bunch of poor with one rich
person's room it won't work
what do you mean one one person would
good second-class isn't that bad that's
a three they treat you different in
second-class here's here's the real
problem if if a first-class passenger is
seen consorting with second-class
passengers it's going to raise the eats
in different parts of the ship it's
going to raise eyebrows and we don't we
want to draw a little attention as we
can manage I can I can give you each the
money to upgrade I mean if you want to
like absolutely alright well we'll take
care of that then deal with that all
right so yeah anybody who wants to is
traveling first-class and yes doesn't
want to is not traveling first and he
doesn't travel first-class that he is my
personal assistant and must travel with
me wait so you must set you get a suite
with a second bed exactly the choice is
yours sir why do you want to be party
before she's had her coffee but the food
is much better and we're we're taking
things into into England out of
necessity that we want them to not look
at for the record I'm not for the record
I don't care I just want the free drink
oh there's free drinks first-class oh
and they bring them to your steward
alcoholics are you know but it's it's
it's I could stop any kind one East
everyone's you know if you want to take
the yo-yo things
we can even request a custom nightstand
before you go to bed this accent would
have wanted you to have travel first
class Jackson would have wanted that
they don't completely agree but my arms
been twisted all right so you leave that
day and we've all ever supply us we want
to have you leave our home okay you head
out and you will you will travel to
Montreal mm-hmm
and from Montreal you a much much like
how in London you Tate you the boat
comes into Southampton and then you take
a train to London
similarly coming to Montreal you take a
train to a port that will take you on
the Mauritania it is the sister ship mmm
loose' Tania yeah yeah yeah yeah it is
long as it's not the less it on you it
is a beautiful gleaming boat that is one
of the one of the faster ships out there
it is it is docking here because it is
currently not licensed to dock in the US
right good we're going to London and yes
this will be a trip of from us to
England this will be a trip of five to
seven days depending on whether it is
winter so the the Atlantic is not time
so it's not a lot of fun so this is not
like layout on the you know deaf chairs
are not going to be laid out on the Lido
deck to know enjoy the time out there
however for first-class travelers
your stay in this boat is lovely there
is a library there's a there's a smoking
rooms and there is all the food and
beverage you could ever want
there is nightly Canasta games with
various rich people there is a whisky by
his bedside ski three times
I specifically to make him less grumpy
have a whisky for him on his nightstand
every night every night so this key
that's the least I can piece of
cheesecake remember that when [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hits
the fan
the music room where I can go and just
end it's like play the piano you guys
can give little concert some people love
it there's also a band that is Oh not
terrible though that possible it's I
mean they call it an order you know it's
it's it's twelve people who are also
waiters yeah you know but but the two of
us me at me on the piano any I know on
the violin did lighting together dance
floor yes there is there's a ballroom
yes it is a very soothing experience
event function it is it is reasonably
uneventful I heard like work reasonably
insanity restoring it some reading done
so HP restoring out any of you as long
as anybody's not down like eight points
you're gonna get everything you've lost
back during this trip
hit pointless hit point why yes at some
point during the voyage you are you're
heading to a lecture there's gonna be a
lecture on death cults death course
Egyptology that was very few in the
twenties there's going to be a lecture
on the connection on connections to the
spirit world
oh la Pinterest no yes no I'm more
interested in this occult stuff than
ever all right
and what night is this this will be like
the third night at sea so the twenty
what is that the twenty
7:26 leave on the 23rd of every 27 26 26
there and you know there are lectures
every night there are various basically
when when especially among the
first-class passengers if you like they
might ask you to do a lecture when they
hear that they've got a professor of
archeology or whatever you know you more
than they and just like you guys when
you play music essentially anybody who
wants to give them free entertainment
they are envoy for the spirit world
that's a callback and I see I see the
glass of milk and I just laugh quietly
all right Oh warm milk sir thank you
and both of you to make me spot hidden
rolls the the two precursors precursors
Oh nope nope just miss r85 yeah
everything's fine
um anyone want to inspire it's fine no
no let's let this play out oh I feel
like we'll need to see some me too I
feel like I'm actually really call it
Bethune I feel like I should not see
that yeah yeah yeah what's your spot
hidden here's one set we don't want her
to only make her you roll well I do do
to know my history yeah yeah would it
change the idea that I'm specifically
expecting someone
hmm to show up or something to show up I
can neither confirm nor deny okay and
that I would be specifically on the
lookout for this individual it's the
spending five points of luck don't do so
I just wonder is it worth it because the
way he makes it sound like I must see
something I don't want to see you I want
to see Bello or connect to or some way
yeah do we want to use inspiration
because I mean if you have that high of
a spot hidden a chance when good that
Runaways creeps
oh that's fun either way when we use
inspiration on Amy's filled room
this is truly a new track isn't it I'm
calling it alright have my friends yes
there's mighty lapsim nothing just so
this is the Mauretania doesn't matter if
I go overboard oh that's not bad nah
three nine so alright on a second it is
hard success alright good so yeah
the Duchess is there okay and we just
like look each other in smirk at Ruppert
okay sweet Rupert poor put-upon Rupert
um and you see in the in the audience a
Haggard but when Haggard is the wrong
word a forlorn but recognizable man that
is Professor the Octavia's husband
doctor doctor all by himself
yes okay okay I'm gonna sit next to
him okay do I see a wedding ring yes and
we're on your other side okay and when I
sit down I just politely introduce
myself all right
and he himself nice to meet you sir gosh
I forgot his first I'd be to dr.
Henry maybe sure Henry okay dr. Henry
Aldridge Henry now it's far enough ago
Bobby Aldridge all of you make me luck
rolls I do want to chat with yes
you failed that 68 would you roll I'm
not not a crippled fumble but like
that's it just below okay all right so
three on I've made a you were you are
you sit down and you're like you know
you're trying not to sit next to them
because know how this all goes and so
you sit a little ways away it's
disturbing me a massive battleship of a
woman looks is so sorry
it's like making her way through the
aisle
not saying excuse just going move move
move
I fight for this tickets and she gets to
you and she says move move
can I scoot the chair back a little or
is it you scoot the chair back and she
says no you move I wish to sit there no
but talk to this man and he they sort of
very put upon young man yeah man me a a
guy who looks like he thought he was
gonna be on easy street by like the
romancing an older woman and really
really regrets
many of his life choices says I'm Taryn
all right but the duck no I don't and I
like as you increase in volume she
increases in volume I'm not gonna do
that to our poor listener really
appreciate that but everybody is like no
audience is out Stern I was like you
know I'm like let apply rule yeah
I'm not not dealing with this I was
being polite like starts to suggest to
her how much nicer these other seats
would be and she is she will not hear
any of it because snob the only person
here that might be as stubborn is you is
her and so the more lecturer is just
like excuse me
if you would all take your seats autumn
attempting
if you know if no she takes her mount
her hand and puts her on my block this
is gonna be an imposed on first quick
she's like do it
oh no she rolls in 209 so you were like
you know I'm a I'm a reasonably hale and
hearty good I mean I'm like wall
probably 54 damn Oh No her fingers going
man this is wonderful she she like the
tableau of the entire audience there's
probably 50 people in this auditorium
all of whom have turned and are watching
as the Duchess looms over you with her
finger now in your mouth and regular
people aren't that bad for me it's the
other after a very uncomfortable
physically but also emotionally 10
minutes the console a some of the ship's
staff come in and play one of them
the purser ohhow comes up to the
Baroness the Duchess just no relation
hopefully and starts to try and gently
take her away the process her fingers
no if I throw up I think that'll be it's
up to her like she its how poor she
takes this Oh God Oh all right so and
I've been drinking to establish like
three Mercer star away and she is like
fishhooking you well I can just oh are
you not going along or you know okay so
she starts to scrape the roof of your
mouth with what you can only assume are
sharpened fingernails and principle at
this point there's like there's a weird
popping sound as her finger pops out of
your mouth and she turns to you and she
covers your mouth and she looks deeply
into your eyes I know your face you
horrible man and she doesn't even seem
say move yet she just through sheer
force of bulk scoots the entire row
about five inches back to match your
chair as she storms out of the aisle
giving the purser the treatment that she
was giving you and he's much more
obsequious than you are
as she leaves there's a man just like
giggling yes the the lecture is pretty
much a letdown after that can I ask the
so Henry Aldridge I'm gonna chat him up
a little bit find out what he's doing on
the ship extender etc and then at some
point I'd be like could you take a look
at that gentleman he may even be in need
of first aid assuming there's still a
doctor about he is yes he says that he's
making his you know they his family they
winter in America and he's headed back
to England for the spring mm-hmm
and is he traveling alone he doesn't
answer that okay something happened to
Octavia and then I switched this subject
to ask him what specifically he's doing
here is it just is it does he have a
specific interest sir he said he's a
doctor
oh and this no he's like things to do
this yeah yeah get out of the house I
mean everyone's interested in connecting
to the spirit world these days mm-hmm
someone's specific that you wanted to
contact I mean I don't really believe in
all of this understood mmm so at the end
of the lecture I'm gonna take him to
meet until sylvio okay and see if he's a
would you like it didn't get the roof of
your mouth I mean do I feel anything
hanging off is it you there's a little
blood in your mouth Oh blood is the
Dutchess wasn't she wasn't doing if it's
infected tomorrow but I think I'm gonna
extra helpings this evening
oh that was that was epic yeah you tell
like that strong diamond again this
first class I'm getting ride his
coattails to the men's bar to like get
together have a drink but those guys are
now I can't recently the bar is first
the first-class bar is open to all you
have to co-ed so the smoking-room got it
is really a lonely there's a cigar room
of smoking the bar is certainly open now
you know when a lady comes in you know
you're you tend to be offered you know
sherry or wine or something like that
champagne and then I tell the bartender
to be like you know what I need a round
for this gentleman right here
and then we hip-hip-hooray to him I'm
just one man and know exactly what's
going on y'all drink more all right for
your your heroic stand against the the
battle you're gonna get three sanity yes
you can't go above your maximum can can
okay
so the thing to remember about your
sanity is that your maximum sanity is 99
- your Cthulhu Mythos yeah so if you
have Nokia Lumia those your maximum
sanity is 99 guess who has a max of 94
no good to know you have 99 unless you
have some girl this would be the moment
to say and I've just been I've been
texted by quests and chaos attorney to
read a statement the character the
Duchess should in no way be seen to be
anything but a fictional character and
is not based on any one who gives bits
to call of cthulhu games that whereas
from the attorney wherever she may be
from the law firm of Schmidt Schmidt and
dong are you sure
sure it's not from tenth Edison the
Saudis associates that we don't say that
that's what we could afford Oh
did-did-did dr. Aldridge ask any like
interesting questions during the lecture
or with dr. with us no the doctor he
goes off on his own oh wow
you should invite your friend to drink
with us no I think we potentially could
need his services in the future let's uh
let me go to bed mm-hmm and let me get a
good night's sleep and no sign of
Octavia yeah interesting no but he
didn't specifically say he was traveling
alone he didn't eat very curious haha
you very carefully didn't answer that
yeah well what about the guy who was
gonna give the lecture so like there are
three of you probably in this party that
feel that you could have given that
lecture better than he did yeah and and
could you know have have had a more
tangible connection to the spirit I mean
that's mostly the whiskey talking the
spirit world connection to spirits very
disappointing this was you know this
wasn't quite like you know move the
table seance but it was you know it was
almost there
yeah this was just a pod this was very
surface basic occultism okay you know
sort of stuff that's very popular in the
20s okay gotcha are we doing anything
else tonight
drink if you chew on so if you choose to
do anything in the boat that's great
otherwise you're each gonna get one
sanity travel and from rest and
relaxation which I'm assuming you gather
yes yeah but that night I would like to
do something okay
I'm having been my mum out to say the
voyage is uneventful but I'm gonna put
that on hold okay
well having been reminded now of Octavia
because I've been trying to
compartmentalize all of that as hard
away as I can but having been reminded
of that I'm gonna go and just like walk
for a while and find myself back in the
music room and just play okay mindless
life sure yeah there will be a you know
polite audience that you know when you
when you finish a song they they clap
very politely I pay no attention to them
I'm so lost in my own head that I'm just
playing and then obviously for the rest
of the the rest of the crews I'm on high
alert looking for her or him so like you
know if you're in if we're in the dining
hall hmm I obviously see the Duchess
immediately the dagger
there oh no no she does not even
acknowledge oh there's not there's no
like even that is my prized Holdridge
like you don't mean and I'm looking for
people that I know like I'm looking for
repeats yeah other than dr. Aldridge and
the Duchess you don't really see any I
ever see anyone eating with dog with dr.
Aldrich well yeah there's it's very hard
so especially at first class you are
assigned a table and but you would be
assigned a table with your spouse if if
your house was so yeah like I'm he
specifically he's sitting next to he's
next someone you don't recognize there's
he's seated around a table of hall
gentlemen got it okay I'm can I get any
reading in on that book of Arabic of
course yeah
so go ahead and and we give yourself
three Arabic and if and I'm gonna give
you each you can all if they've got a
pretty good library here it's mundane
but pretty good mm-hmm
and if there's something you want to
study I'll give you either a skill check
or three points in a skill that you
don't already have if you have the skill
you'll get a skill check so and there is
also for those of you who wish to
partake this would be your skill check
every everyday once you are in the
Atlantic there is skeet shooting off the
stern of the boat so you can make a shot
gun skill check yes I may have all right
so did you make a shot a shot seen
okay so you'll get a spill yeah you get
another point so you have a form so do
we cuz I fail then we evaluate a détente
check in Arabic okay gotcha
yeah one more I have the worst luck with
us no Emma made the shot yeah no she's
the only one that hits you windows you
want a little trophy Oh shooting I'm
very proud of you Thanks
don't expect it to ever happen again I
feel a little more confident with this
thing now thanks Donald so much and on
the on the seventh day so what is that
no we rest
30th the boat pulls in to Southampton
mm-hmm
so you arrive in Southampton and I think
that's where we're going to I think that
we're gonna wrap up there for this about
Tara
so next time you will be in London
you've got a few loose ends to play you
got the pen you found a ship you know
things the Jackson Elias in London so
that sort of thing when this little
church yes when do we resolve our checks
oh yeah do let's do your skill chest
great call I have a lot of check marks
if they don't like it this is I taped
episode if it's boring they can
somewhere else so how do we do that so
you're gonna everything that you have a
check next yes sir you're going to roll
well if you fail the skill we're gonna
gain it in the skill the skill rolled
you're not gonna get anything so this is
where you want to fail the role don't go
behind battle so like if you have a xxx
skill you want to roll it 36 yeah yes it
all means up oh it's we're back to rich
people okay yeah you fail your way
upward and we're erasing our chips yeah
yeah that's right once you've made the
skill to erase the check I made my first
aid check that's not even fair and now
who disguised yes much like the audience
you get to see it here much fun and that
I made my listen check no I couldn't
image more people yeah this is kind of
me a sixth grade spot written they were
better behaved yep
I believe it I now have a 45 and spot
hidden yes please
Rachel made me bring the Duchess back
Thank You Rachel we appreciate it
because we love her okay all right I am
done okay all right everybody done with
their skill checks we got a bunch sorry
oh no you made lots of like surprising
they don't have many that tell Sylvio
does matter how it's not the first one
oh wow okay yeah so well well from the
professor finishes up her skill guess
I'll just remind you that we will be
back every week weekly starting Saturday
November 2nd mhm
until I decide I want to travel the
world again or my bank account decides I
can travel the world again that's the
real thing yes so we'll be running
through there you can also once again we
play board games look for our board
games we've got pandemic legacy legacy
season 2 going right now we've also got
Arkham Horror the card game if you want
to see if you want to watch for people
remember the rules to a game they played
four months ago five five months ago but
it's a really interesting take on both
the mythos as a living card game I'm I'm
really enjoying that one so we've got
that one going we've got our sporadic
gloom Haven games going and always
remember Mondays
it's natural ones start your week off
with a critical failure Tuesdays it's
the Kaos agents and about to travel
CAES that's right on they've now they're
on a boat
I love how every single episode synopsis
for the Kaos agents goes maybe they'll
do tom has just sort of shrugs at this
point and goes they'll do what they want
and you've hopefully you've been
watching while we were off
we've been running some carbon 21 85 huh
who's playing in that one I don't know
yet hopefully I'm gonna guess Tiana's in
there because you know it's interesting
cos they track feel obligation you know
so carbon 21 85 has been going on i I
really enjoyed the the two-shot I
thought that was a lot of fun so it's
exciting to see more of that happening
we've got a lot more plans a lot more
things going on who knows how long you
know pretty soon we'll just reboot this
whole entire cast again yes thank you so
much for your likes your subscribes your
comments we really appreciate it YouTube
twitch find us on all sorts of social
media follow quests and chaos everywhere
and we will see you next time good night
everybody
you
