Kind: captions
Language: en
hello mother find a funny common out
quest aunt Cthulhu
he's been Dyna gamemaster Ezra neon
whitish Baylin via Cup oh wait I'm not
in Germany anymore hello welcome back to
quests and Cthulhu it's so great to have
you here it's been a minute since we've
all been together at the table I mean
you may notice Amy
unfortunately her travels continued she
is in Las Vegas right now no that's not
you know this is they're still getting
to know each other it's very exciting so
thank you so much for your likes your
subscribes your comments we we love to
talk thank you for stuff oh they almost
stopped
we love to we'd love to engage with you
guys and YouTube twitch however you want
to do it ICQ if you're Russian Weibo so
we are of course brought to you by the
most important thing coming from Germany
I can say beer is indeed the the mana of
everything I didn't I
I still don't like it but you know
Gordon Biersch is our kind beer sponsor
that keeps our players well lubricated
and sometimes for the good sometimes for
the not who knows but it is great to
have beverages at the table that is
lovely
now we just need a snack sponsor you
know there's nothing better I so as an
aside I listen to a ice used to listen
to a gaming podcast of some guys who
play Warhammer Fantasy roleplay because
I love the word hammer fantasy roleplay
system they eat on the street oh my god
I can't I just go wrong I actually sent
them a message and I was like I love
your game really fun please stop eating
I can't listen and the guy the very next
episode they like passive-aggressively
we're like eating louder no Chan one guy
went sorry listeners snacks must be had
are gone
I'm like I'm done yeah no I I have that
thing where if I if I can hear you two I
have plotted your death and there was
one podcast that I was listening to her
I was like I will find whoever just
opened and ate chips because I can hear
it I can hear every chip in your mouth
because you are too close to the mic one
of my theories of successful
relationships is like you become the
person that you can't hear their food
noises is like the person that you're
meant to be with so that's why we only
have beer we don't you know Cheetos or
Funyuns are not sponsoring this but get
at us frito-lay game Castle great stuff
so there is you get 20% if you preorder
items I am currently looking at there's
a new I saw at Essen it's beautiful
there's a new supplement for kala
Cthulhu that is all based around the vie
Mar Republic Germany and it looks great
and I might be dropping some cash at
game castle once I am NOT bankrupt from
buying board games that's my heart
he's like a Poe novel now on system and
you're we've got that survey that is set
there if you put survey in the chat
you're gonna fill it out so fill out the
survey there there you go that's it let
us know what you want to see from us
same work through Lusail SD we only need
to have one more Call of Cthulhu string
to be even with DMV there you go we
make this French I think long I I think
one more stream would kill somebody here
[Laughter]
so yeah we we want your feedback we want
to know what you'd like to see more of
we will probably not ignore it smarter
people than me will look at it and make
good decisions and I will make fun of
those decisions that's that's how things
work around here
so Amy is as I said in Las Vegas
working hard although she keeps just
sending us pictures of the food she's
eating it so I like your comment the
email friend about that yeah apparently
most of her work is digestion fine
finding out where you can get imodium in
so when we last left our I feel like I
can ya hear oh I think he roses in quote
marks officially banned I don't think he
rose by NYPD murder
depends police officer police officer at
the time Wow well I know they're getting
off on the technique I use a locker so
there you go yeah and when we last when
we left our last session after a cameo
by the Baroness which the yes well no
that was the Duchess yeah don't mix the
two of them yeah I got in trouble for
take your dice when you I still I'm down
a dime in the game yes there was a there
was a a stand made for truth justice in
the American Way against the British
aristocracy we saw a drunk heroic
but it was his day because you were all
if they're gonna make me be first class
oh yeah it was it was a beautiful moment
that I'm sure it will not come back to
bite anyone anywhere and the the Duchess
has exited the boat she leaves early you
are all exiting the boat into London you
are now in London it is what January
they were thirty land in London you land
in Southampton and then you take like a
four-hour train ride that's to London
proper so we arrived like the evening of
the third day or the next it is the same
so you get in in the morning in
Southampton so you get to London the
afternoon by the time you've gotten into
your hotel and gotten everything figured
out and somehow snuck all those weapons
through customs by the time you've done
all that it is the evening of the 30th
good and it is you are in London so just
to because it's been a little while just
to remind you of the loose ends that you
sort of have here in London there's the
pen you Foundation which you found
information about in this in New York
there is the the scoop the newspaper
that Jackson Elias had done some writing
for and the editor here whose name is
Mickey Mahoney at the scoop than the
Irish man in to talk to him some of
Dueling bad accents understand each
other at all like hogs in the fraud
[Laughter]
and some of you remember a lovely
cottage in in the London suburb that you
could visit with a nice old lady oh
we're not going there the other loose
end the other connection you have is
Inspector James Barrington who is an
inspector with card right he is very
much good interactions with the police
up till now so those are those are the
main connections that you have here in
London and I also have a list of action
points that Emma would have told
Alexandria before she that's right
catatonic and yeah oh yeah you also know
we're a crew you also know about a
warehouse okay
you don't fumble I don't want to watch
you guys turn into dust to either so I'm
a nerd what do you want nerds nerds are
pretty good yes so yeah you you obscure
situated yourself in a well actually
I'll ask you you you do you have a flat
it was nice to have a flat okay so you
have a flat in London and then you
situated yourself are you going for the
Ritz are you going for a second-tier
hotel what is your we're getting at
least two hotels that was the question
getting a backup hotel and then which of
the hotels second terrace fan yeah
alright so you will stay at the
Pemberton Pemberton is a very solid a
fine hotel it's not the Ritz but you
know it's a bed and the Pemberton is
very close to downtown so you are in the
thick of everything in London
and and my flat isn't not in hell or at
least it wasn't the other universe no
it's it's not hell not in town it is not
on a hill I don't know where it is it's
not like super posh but it's not you
know the slums either the I think you
had so the reason that you know the
scoop is that you had two articles from
the scoop one was about the some murders
in a town called lesser Edale which is
you know you might know but anyway it's
it's a it's a outside of London
in the in the hill country a very small
village and then the other one was and
this is the connection to inspector
Barrington was about what they're
calling the Egyptian murders yes yes
right where most of the victims have
been it have been Egyptians who came to
came to London and there is you might
you probably remember a little bit more
about those after discussions with
Barrington about some locations and
things like that but for the most part
what you know from that article is that
there have been a number of murders that
have all had the same MO they're calling
them the Egyptian murders and the this
might sound familiar the victims are
beaten severely and then stabbed through
the heart in a manner is curiously
similar to other murders that have taken
place but that's been going on for over
three years
yeah okay and Scotland Yard does not
want to admit that there's any
connection but all of them you know the
the tabloids including the scoop are
running wild with it
mm-hmm and there is a there is a a
whopping 24 pound reward for information
that leads to the apprehension of
okay 24 pounds is not nothing yeah I
would have had to be higher with women
since two of them were Brits so the
evening of the 30th you're probably just
gonna relax have dinner and get settled
in so the 31st is a Saturday yes it is a
lovely day there are you know though
you would know that there are any number
of great research facilities in British
Museum the British the main library is
there are all sorts of places to do all
kinds of research the pen you Foundation
would also be right up there and that's
where I was thinking that would be a
good place to start
mm-hmm and and as Emma like asleep in
her room because she showed well is yeah
emma is it's not doing well I mean
you're pretty sure that she was up late
drinking re inspiration wait I have to
remember about just no one over here
yeah we actually have inspiration yes
and viewers and maybe we'll get more how
can we squander this well your chance to
catch up on that on the ami board
because you know is she's not here
Amy's total is she has I'm so happy that
she has five Amy's nobody else has three
I've got one right you've got one okay
I'm gonna give two I think that's right
yeah okay but Amy is the undisputed
queen of Amy I mean by the way she's the
reason why we need named here yeah yes
upon eponymous eponymous Amy is that was
pronounced when I pronounce it eponymous
I I have the reader problem we're aware
I know how to spell it but I don't know
how to pronounce it we're gonna have a
lovely English breakfast on the 31st and
gather it somewhere and discuss our
options there are stewed tomatoes and
beans and beans
much more filling with the whiskey
there's got to be a place to his patrons
certainly I will find it in Germany
there is actually they have what they
call Munich breakfast that is a vice
first in a beer mmm Wow
we're in the wrong country all right
here but we're here now so that's right
here and we have work to do
yeah so Emma's not feeling well right
but she she and I had a conversation
about things that she wants us to look
at which you know we can enter into
great Sakana
this may be a good idea or not so here's
Emma just to make sure you and Emma have
been here before to London I was I was
born here
well I mean I'm sorry that I mean you've
experienced London before I think that
was implicitly being born was born here
so yes perhaps I'm not being sort of the
option that we where should we not go
you you followed the star of Jackson
Alliance once before to London and then
things happened and now you're you're
reliving certain things again what what
what what what no what makes you I
thought we discussed this like in New
York no he might have no we didn't
discuss any such thing as far as I'm
aware no what I understood is they were
looking for these things yeah you may
have had suspicions I climbed blissfully
unaware of this I believe I may have
been drinking so perhaps forgive me but
I thought at one point after many many
whiskey's I heard that you would that
this is a second time something that
effect that this is another chance that
you to not mess up make the same
mistakes again well you did ask if I'd
been to the juju house before I recall
that and
that I if I had escaped and yes that's
the case as to the other I don't think
we discussed that probably not they I
think maybe it was just my the alcohol
mmm talking but in any matter there's
always a lot wherever we are the reason
were there's this horrible city I'd
rather not be in its we're totally
following the footsteps of the Carlisle
expedition they were here for a time for
a little while yes how long were they
here I can tell you thank you it was 13
days but the exact so they you know that
you know the basements out you know the
basic outline of their travels mhm
which was on the last page I'm gonna
look for I should really just control
they left New York on the 5th of April
1919 arrived in London on April 14th
they left London on April 28th so about
two we might seem 19 exactly and then
arrived in Cairo Cairo was a 15th of May
15th my hand right I said my handwriting
was bad 15 15 1990 they arrived in Cairo
and then they did you say 1990-1999 and
then they left for a vacation a safari
in Kenya on the 3rd of July 1919 six
years ago sorry they left Egypt on the
18th of July they planned the Safari on
July 3rd
they arrived in Kenya on July 30th and
they died shortly
after bloody tonk or so is believed
that's one of those we were gonna go
over to the right so they were here in
London what were they doing where do
they go who did they see who they talk
to we want to retrace their steps right
Jackson's paying for us to basically
retrace these steps
instigate them that does not necessarily
look I'm I would be more interested in
reaching out to anyone who investigated
and see if there's any information we're
like well this is too crazy to put in
report we'll take that right well that
so and that would lead towards Mickey
Mahoney
he'd had a guy than Jackson because
Jackson with him right yeah about about
yes but he also writes for a yellow
paper very little is too crazy to go
into that reliable have to filter
through the crazy but well but it's what
we do come in from Jackson Elias it's
all crazy because it's all true and that
sounds crazy to everyone else it's crazy
but true yes oh bloody alright so so do
we want to make a plan go to several
different places now we I'm gonna split
up the team more efficient did we do
that can you cover twice as much ground
well yes and unless we split up or ways
okay so there are different well there's
the newspaper and the Pena Foundation
let's split those between those two
locations it should be safe locations um
I suppose I could go to the newspaper
the Pena people I I will not be of much
use at a university but I think you two
are better at that I want to go to the
newspaper okay yeah so you two are going
to the pen you Foundation you two are
going to the to the newspaper I can't
imagine any way this would go wrong
we're just gonna read books and in
let me just quickly go over the action
items that Amy and I talked about well
actually so this is a great point since
you're gonna split up mm-hmm one thing
that would be a soup a great idea is
coming up with the questions that you
want to ask yes both the pen you
Foundation and at the new peon right and
so sort of you know take a few minutes
most brainstorm months ourselves
questions that you want to ask there so
that you don't not to not to throw any
other Cthulhu games that are going on
here under the bus but you don't just
wander in and start talking about the
cats of Iceland wiener connection to
Egypt one of the things we were talking
about is getting contacts in Cairo from
them it's good good call yeah yeah and
then I'm just curious if they if they
checked out any literature or talk to
anyone in particular to do research
before going no we don't even need to
show up for that we could like send them
a letter and like we are doing an
investigation for them the request and
then we can just show up and have all
the information for us one thing I'm
wondering about the the expert that went
on the cars loyal expedition was from
Kenya right yeah be good to find out
everything you can about that individual
who was he one of the observe Audrey pen
you yeah find out much he's named so
it's his found in fact you would know
because of who you are sir Aubree Pena
was the executive director and founder
of the Pena foundation the Pena
foundation was created to foster English
studies of Egyptology and Egyptian are
ya know and they've been really had some
really great stuff coming out of them
they it was started in 1890 by Sir
Aubrey and it has funded a number of
expeditions to Egypt and it's work
continues after the sad loss of its
founders robbery penny okay so sounds
like operate himself went on to Carlos
loyal expedition that's a big deal why
would he do that what was it about this
expedition you know that made him leave
and go with these near do well
from New York City and that and that
actually was a couple of the points that
Emma wanted us to hit on to get an
introduction to the curator at the Cairo
Museum there's an ALICE ebook as she
mentioned in passing
does anybody have Cthulhu Mythos yes I
don't have much but I have more than I
should
yep nope all right to a book everyone
but I only have a five and only yeah so
Emma knows the name of everyone make a
luck roll you can't make right now I am
NOT gonna make this Roy it is a success
did anybody get a hard success all right
how do you get a hard on Danny Bob have
your lunch no I don't exhaust a so
nobody got a hard six that are killers
no oh
I want to thank Lucifer Ville Shaq and
of course the Hefner for giving me this
inspiration oh thanks guys yeah he just
gotten a hard success one of you would
have gotten it yeah yeah what are you
going to learn to stop putting things in
your mouth you lick one of the coasters
that coaster was delicious pass if you
were if you ever have the chance to come
to the quests and chaos to do do not
link the coaster I mean it was tasty
with my little so but but thank you and
thank you both of you and it's been a
while Thank You Hefner for all the
ridiculousness that you do I swear that
Thomas spells Hefner differently every
single time yeah probably so yeah keep
doing your questions I just that was yes
I had to see this properly dramatic yes
as you do so that was a touch the
penny foundation oh one of the things
that she wanted to know is if someone is
missing from history how do you know she
didn't ask you didn't read it out loud
though right that is a
that was you kept that part to yourself
that question by a metaphor ignorant no
it's talking about just a hypothetical I
think how do you guys find out about
like the Queen yeah it's like the
periods of it I mean it's happened
throughout history
you find evidence of like oh there was a
person here but everyone says that there
isn't and there's things that back oh
I'm trying to remember if she told us
specifically about like the black
Pharaoh being excised from history and
and him all of that right because it was
it was a sort of you buy the night in
Greece I mean they yes yes and there is
bench mister are numerous examples in
history the Romans were famous for it
chrysten sucks by if we get rid of every
monument to them it's like they gives
axes that yeah the Brotherhood of the
black but somehow we but somehow there
was enough information that we found out
about it how does that happen and she
also wanted she said something about
fine see if there's someone see if
there's someone who is in the non
mundane research yes and oh yeah so
possibly someone to connect us back to
Erica Carlisle to get those papers that
yeah I'm not the one for that one good
could you ask him about the black dirt
well that's why when we say non mundane
research we might say we've seen there
were some hieroglyphs and and and
symbols that I saw that would talk about
nida Chris or the black Pharaoh and I
can ask about those there's anybody
would know about them mhm
more importantly than all these
questions that we have how do we
introduce ourselves and justify them
answering the questions to us well so HD
yeah well no but it's just like I'm a
professor tell me all the things about
this well as a narc
I mean as an archaeologist so you I mean
you would know that you can join join
the foundation of zebra it's a museum a
library and a reading room and so you
can just you know become a member and
you know you probably won't you know
that for they'll give you you know
they'll give you whatever they can give
you even as I felt they felt the
American yes yes so just jump right over
that
no it's cool no I I would I figured
I'd go there we join the foundation
right that's the first thing but I also
have since I have a little bit of things
that I may be able to tell them they may
want to talk to me if I especially if we
mentioned 9 to Chris black Pharaoh yes
if somebody ever wants to talk about
those something exactly well that's a
big question if people know about those
things they may not want to talk about
them the other thing you know is the new
head the current head of it and I think
you oughta have this written down but
it's Edward Gavigan yes is the current
and Edward Gavigan is the current
executive director that's the person of
the pen new foundation that we can
contact and I like your idea of writing
a letter first just not just showing up
on their doorstep asking for all the
thing I'm writing I would write a letter
to them saying that there are several
areas that I'm interested in I heard
they were a great foundation blah blah
blah okay
are you mentioned is this letter like
super generic you're just you're
interested in Egypt is it I'm gonna make
it mostly generic and then and then
talking about a little bit you know
wanting to go to Cairo okay that kind of
thing are you gonna mention the Carlisle
expedition I mean if we're if we want to
know yes what anything that they checked
out I mean I think we almost have to
like just be upfront and yeah yeah
exactly
now we mentioned that you know we're
going Cairo and it's like we were
inspired by the the car lot and and and
do it that way and that way we'd say we
can want to follow up I'm following a
robbery Penn Hughes footsteps even make
me a gosh what would have emotional
intelligence good one make me a fast
talk but intimidate maybe I call
psychology rule psychology yeah charm no
all right so well so even there here's
what I'll give you is you know are you
so what actually that role will
determine the tone of the letter because
essentially what they're doing is you're
you're writing saying sorry about the
death of Sarah brave in you we wish to
invent you know we wish to follow in his
footsteps and you know there are possib
ways to do that in a deeply inspired
they were heroes so with that role maybe
you're a tad American do to help I mean
fast talk he's not going to apply to
paper tear how well you have I'll let
you also make face like Oh offer me a
role about your sort of your your you
know your whole thing is bureaucracy
woody be work good and I know how to
tell something to go screw themselves
and politely in a written letter I mean
I might be able to roll some sort of I
mean I don't know if law or library use
would be good for just making it easy to
digest and straightforward and not like
I totally accept that I totally accept
either of those I'd say library let's
accept library okay and just make it a
little oh yes exactly
alright yeah so you you rough out you
know you you take the draft and you make
it a little less brusque it's a little
more palatable now oh I was being
educational I was making you know yeah
yes but Amanda and I it happens it does
I take back all the good things I said
about the heavy that's usually a good
sign for that is a thousand bits to
inspiration to the players thank you my
man I don't have a mom you don't have
one I have a couple okay they don't need
it I don't use it to I win that's just
okay so yeah you can totally do that so
it sounds like we've got a good bunch of
questions for the pen you Foundation yes
and you you sent the letter so one of
the weird things about London even in
1920 was there are three mail deliveries
a day so we you know you send you sinned
people would routinely send letters than
then say I will follow up you know
without a
in this case that seems kind of silly
too because we can just actually
hand-deliver it well the point is
there's big insider they're like oh yes
you sent a letter right okay and now
let's show questions for the newspaper
so the notes that I have say that the
the reason that we were pointed at the
scoop is because Jackson Elias had a
series of articles that didn't seem to
be connected things that he thought were
connected yes so let's track them all
his articles and see if we can put
follow his footsteps see what he was
following do we have those papers was
that something that was given to us by
the publisher or should we go and ask
for it yeah it's good yours oh wait
no you didn't meet Jonah Kensington this
time that's right
so no no you don't well so we can go and
we can ask him what articles Jackson
Elias was looking at and see if there's
any parallels to what happened in New
York too busy fleeing New York I mean I
have I have notes about about what all
of it was but with with Donal already
giving me sideways looks about things
that have happened before and I want to
pull those out you can share we can now
let's just say we're not following up on
paintings there will be no spoilers
about the multi we are not following
through on a kid who paints that's just
a great story understood don't care if
it's a good story lovely lady there was
a lot of blood
it was mostly Thomas's blood the rest of
us aren't going to steal a knitting
needle and try to put it through our leg
Thomas I don't know if we're ever gonna
be that was amazing I have to get out of
frame the ones the ones that I have our
Astoria and a cult in the heart of
London the murders that are attached to
the Egyptian murders well let's do it we
got it that's good
and then the lesser Edale stuff yeah and
and Myles should play with it with the
paintings yeah skip that one we
probably could have been okay if we'd
done more research before we went and
realize just how bad it was going to be
and been prepared for it but we were not
so visiting the scoop
it is a small but robust publishing
outfit and you are you go during the day
so you are quickly shown in to the cloud
of cigar smoke that is Mickey Mahoney he
is you know he's the Irish Jay jonah
jameson so he's he's much happier than
Jay Jonah and what is your what is your
intro how do you approach him I'll let
you take the lead on this yeah thanks
where we are Associates of Jackson Elias
and we're following up on some of his
things it was a terrible sorry to hear
about the loss of Jackson Elias
he was it he was a fine man yes a dear
friend hell of a writer yes he certainly
was hell of a writer very odd
well how do you know so how do you know
Jackson then did you did you go on some
of his adventures well that we did these
good friends of our that we were
mentioned actually in his will and as
part of Jackson's our last will and his
wishes was that we help investigate some
of his final stories or trying to put
some pieces together that he was working
on before he died mm-hmm whatever I can
do to help the memory of Jackson Elias
I'm I'm here for how how can I help so
we were we were we were curious about
the sorts of things that you would have
helped provide information for into him
about what sorts of articles was he
interested in what did he what did he
look at while he was here we didn't have
a chance to chase down some of his
papers before we left New York well he
was very interested in the Egyptian
murders mm-hmm he he looked at a couple
stories about that and I think he spoke
to Barrington I wouldn't inspector
Barron to the copper yeah oh you know
inspector Barrington no of ah well then
you know that he's got a baton stuck
right up there he's he doesn't did he's
a coppers copper to that man mmm
incorruptible it's true it's true don't
trust anyone you can't corrupt
the Jackson ever say why he was looking
into these murders no he would say he's
just I mean he's generally interested in
Egyptian bits and such but he you know
he mentioned that there was something
about he went to the pen you Foundation
all right hmm didn't do you know what he
was chasing down at the pen hue
foundation by chance he's reading over
our heads I don't I don't I mean it it
would have been Egyptian stuff I'm sure
the Jackson ever writing a paper and the
articles for he he did some spot work
yeah he did some spot work could we take
yeah yeah he'll show you so it's it's
articles these are all kind of older
you're in the early 20s mm-hmm
were they before or after Peru they were
after Peru okay and they're stories of
you know Mahoney will admit that he
punched them up a little but they're
stories about the early Egyptian murders
there's a couple in there and there's a
story about about a person who said that
they were attacked by the fog Jackson
wrote this yeah he did yeah that's a
great story
I mean teller fogged that'll sell some
papers where said didn't does it say
where this happened it was down by the
docks killer how does he describe the
fog in this paper
I mean it's fog was it like black
pudding like darkness faces coming out
it was their outfit no no faces that he
mentioned just just fog gesture just it
like started to choke and all this stuff
alright doesn't just like a good old
piece suit but actually taken for him
that's right that's right interesting
hmm which was the last article Jackson
did the one about the fog right and then
he he left for he left for Cairo and
then for Shanghai and I'd asked him to
send me any stories that he got along
the way but the one telegram that I got
from him was he was not a good way old
Jackson towards the end do you still
have that yes don't ya but I'll tell you
that it was just the ravings of someone
who was losing grasps of reality where
where did he send the telegraph from
I'm embarrassed to admit this he
believed well he said in the telegram
that he had found a member of the
Carlisle foundation in Shanghai that
sounds like a great story our Lyle
expedition right the missing expedition
they're all supposedly killing and
Africa
yeah I mean look I can spend almost any
story to sell to sell newspapers I'm not
gonna take the name of Sir Aubrey Penn
Hugh or any of that lot and drag it
through the muck we've got we've got
some rather strict libel laws here in
the UK all right who did he save her you
see he didn't say he just said a member
of the the Carlisle expedition speaking
of the Carlisle expedition do do you I
mean given given given given the sorts
of things that that you the stories that
you find interesting
was there any information about a woman
named Binet who was attached to the
Carlisle expedition but night no lady's
name an African lady's name oh well
insert horribly
says there oh but no information on the
lady in question all right thank you
okay all right could we see the the last
article on the Egyptian murders the job
sure yeah so he pulls out Daphne that
thing be a Love and bring me all the
jackets on three things that Jackson was
looking at would ya
and so she brings three newspaper
articles one is about one that that
Alexander won't even let you look at is
about a painter yeah nope nope his name
is miles Shipley he paints really crazy
stuff we're not going there that all
checks out the second one is that story
about some sort of killer beast in
lesser Edale it is a it is lesser Edale
is in the Derby Valley
so it's north east of London
adavi and the story is about a some sort
of beast was that has been tormenting
and there were two two citizens of the
town were killed and the description is
this lurid sort of description of some
sort of beast some sort of humanoid
beast and then the third one was that
story about the unidentified foreigner
floating in the Thames who had been
beaten severely and then stabbed through
the heart
the last Egyptian murder Egyptian
now you two seem like you've got a nose
for the McCobb that's a good word I
suppose and so I'm gonna tell you right
now that I've got fifty pounds for us
any stories you bring to the scoop no
interesting offer hmm
we'll see what we'll see what we can
what we can if there's any way I can
help please do let me know of course
Jackson was a good friend of mine so
thank you for your time all right
and so now we come to the pen new
foundation this is a very different
approach the Pena foundation is a
three-story marble building it is a very
nice building it is well appointed it's
in a good neighborhood and you you
essentially enter you come up a stairway
and you enter into a lobby and sitting
in the lobby Tom do you want to describe
who is sitting at the desk in the lobby
oh good he's a basically a thin a
Gyptian man early 20s very thin wiry
glasses look at the time basically just
he's working on some last-minute writing
or he's just rippling in the journal all
right basically doesn't even see them
come in so mechanically we are
introducing Tom's backup character who
is an intern at the pen u foundation so
you are working the desk basically that
means you sign people in and if they
want to go to a reading room you put
them in a reading room and tell somebody
that's pretty much everything you do
easy so so did we get an invite back no
no there was nothing that came back
although well I mean who knows maybe
that's a cultural thing you know what
we're still gonna oh yeah am I eligible
to join is it just these throw money at
them and they're like yay they will take
money from anybody who wants to give
them money
so yeah you guys enter in the lobby
someone holiday he's the only person
there's a guard there's a guard in the
lobby who right looks incredibly bored
and he's just sitting there writing in a
journal okay so clue excuse us oh oh
hi hey are you do you have an
appointment
um actually we want to try to become
members oh oh that's it that's a great
idea
um yeah I think one of the one of
them the partners this Saturday so I
don't know if he's here do you want to
come back on Monday no no no III would I
journeyed here desperate to do some
research where are you from from some
good US of A okay
Oh across the pond huh yes right in you
do you both want to be members yeah yeah
yeah oh that means like oh great great
I can I can do something for you guys
okay hey if you want if you could just
sign this book this is like our guest
assigning return the book please
you have to sign - okay hey if you
just stay right here and don't touch
anything on my desk so I'm gonna be
right back you would know that the
person that you need that you're gonna
connect them with is Gavin kinery okay
dr. kinery okay well I will hustle over
to dr. Kennedy's office okay and wrap a
few times on the door
Yes Doctor before I bring I forgot your
tea I'm so sorry I forgot your tea but
we have two potential new members here
who want to pay membership fees and they
want to see somebody from the foundation
they're in the lobby very well I'll get
your tea I'm sorry I'm so sorry
leave it on my desk I'm hustled over and
get the guy's teeth about this time I'm
totally there's a journal that is
written in Arabic probably ah so if you
want to make an Arabic role oh yes okay
so I'd like to make it fit you you're
gonna get something this is just a
question of how much time nice alright
so you get a few things yes and what
you see is you get it's mainly about a
number of references to the valley of
the kings and new pyramids that are
being found in the Valley of the Kings
[Music]
and an expression on you Julie actually
everybody make me a spot homeboy that's
- yes did you get a hard success hard
success down did you
that's a 12 right that's it what was
good yeah well let me know you get the
inspiration oh I should have used it all
right so thank you whoever gave it to us
it looks like according to this it was
Lucifer and the Heffner again right no
thank you guys right or Thomas is just
putting up the same thing over and over
and I can't it's possible I mean that's
you know we're just gonna try and give
you more inspiration cuz me so you um
with that role while she's leaning over
looking at the journal this desk seems
there this is a rotating desk the person
there's not never one person sitting
here but with that role I will give you
that you you see you get to use you take
a look at the the list of people who
have gone into the Reading Room's
recently mm-hmm and you see let's see
when did he oh I'll give you when
Jackson Elias was here let's see here I
definitely flip through pages for that
doggone it that date in the past you say
he was here about two months ago okay
that was not long ago so sorry three
months I forgot to lose this past in the
game the stuff so three months ago he
was here which would be after he went to
Shanghai he came back to London that
sounds about right
as far as the timeline goes that's it he
didn't check back in with McKim Ahonen
mm-hmm he went yeah he went from London
to Shanghai and then it was shek from
well actually he probably stopped in
London on the boat because remember the
telegram that you got from him was from
the the the liner the initial telegram
saying meet me at the hotel was from the
liner so he was in London at that point
he went back to London Oh interesting
and and that's what you get before mr.
Henry comes down and Henry pulls out a
large folio and it starts to flip
through and he may I have your name
horse doctor John lamb and dr. lamb you
wish to join the foundation yes and your
name sir Oh Savannah of Costa and you
wish to join the foundation as well yes
if would you like to become a sustaining
member for as a sustaining member you
will be invited to various events that
we hold lectures hmm very various events
here at the foundation and also at the
Egyptian Museum I'll bring the tea okay
leave it on my desk
what's your name sorry africa's Yosef is
gone Joseph Yosef leave it on my desk of
course of course as a sustaining member
you will also be eligible to access the
library of the pen Hugh found a oh
that that sounds excellent all right
make both of you make me a credit rating
roll in there where is it Thunder see a
he was already sniffing you anyway
didn't make it what an inspiration that
we have it yeah
good soup reaction there I mean you know
what just use this one from hedonistic
Neil whoo oh good sweet knew you needed
it thank you
I'm through there sweet so yeah so
that's a reroll yeah this seat yes right
no no to be real though that is a
horrible dice box I won't use it
actually that's the one I've been using
feels like it fits if I don't make it I
think you should try why so in the story
- for what yeah are they gonna take our
money or not no they're gonna take your
money yeah so the the sustaining
membership is more it's it's just about
more than you're comfortable pain yeah
that is the trick with the credit rating
rule yes is that you know the sustaining
membership is like your underwriting
stuff you know so it is a there it's a
check with some zeros on it mmm
but it does give me access to the Cairo
to the Egyptian Museum in Cairo yeah
we're definitely not getting somebody's
worships the sustaining of one of us I'm
already like I didn't need to make a
role to be deeply uncomfortable with
that you could a joke with that role
also he will you know he asks he viewers
should be saying manners and then he
will say liked of course if you are wish
to earn amis me a regular member then
that is acceptable as well you will
still have access to the library here at
the pen you
foundation now I'm gonna do it because
this guy is starting to condescend to me
and don't like that's that's how I'm
gonna spend money to make you like me
female doctor female no I did the same
thing to her she would spend money to
make people like her alright so you
throw down some cash your credit rating
goes down by five acceptable acceptable
says the person who is not erasing
numbers it's only money right so and Jed
you write a large check to the pen you
Foundation and mr. kendry is suddenly
much more friendly to you can't a minute
I'm gonna get this back because okay
because you're robbing the pin use your
cell phone return to his desk okay yes
yes let me please allow me to give
you a tour of the facility perfect so he
will show you around the lovely pen you
foundation and it is during this first
floor reception area here these are all
reading rooms here and here where people
can access they go in they ask for a
book they bring them the book the book
is controlled while it's there and this
is the office this is the in to the
office of the executive suite this
stairway comes up and he will bring you
up to this area which is a museum and he
will he will show you around the museum
and show you the stuff that's in the
museum make me whatever offer me a role
for figuring out how authentic this
stuff is I'd accept our car Keala Gian
accepted Egyptology whatever you want
offer me a role archaeology all right
make me an archaeology rolled in yes all
right
this stuff is it's the real deal but it
is mundane to the extreme there is
nothing here that would fuel any sort of
your flights of fancy and I will mention
that to him saying and I've you know
I've been a doctor I've been doing this
archeology thing for a while now and
this is this is what you show the plebs
what are you gonna show me well as you
must understand we are a small
collection here and oh I know you have
things that you have hidden away I know
it and what where are you a professor I
was a professor Finger Lakes in New York
and I know the past tense in that
sentence Oh mostly I've been doing a lot
more work in the field I see I see tell
me doctor and I ask this in a way that
perhaps might sound pejorative but I
assure you is entirely pejorative are
you one of those missed assists missed
assists
I mean people who believe all the things
that come out of reading about the
Egyptian gods and such I'm very
interested in gonna make a psychology
yeah I'm very interested in and those
things but believing it no no I like
oh here at the Pena foundation we find
such matters
distasteful oh well yeah of course
but they give us some other hints about
how they thought and that has been very
inspirational so you don't have anything
I fear that your more fantastical wants
will not be met by our library here
there is I am given to understand more
fantastical elements at the British
Museum in Cairo they have a curator
there who is interested in such things
and tonight can I get an invite to talk
to them oh I am certain that if you
speak in a similar manner as you have
spoken to me you will not require an
invitation to speak to that gentleman
and their name his enthusiasm is utterly
nauseating
well you you laid out the cash so his
name is his name is dr. Alika 4 and make
me an hour color archeology role when
you hear that name yes oh yeah
even yeah you've heard of him his
official title is curator of the occult
at the British Museum sorry the Egyptian
Museum not the British Museum is in
England yeah yeah yeah yeah the Egyptian
Museum Cairo great great but again and I
cannot stress this enough discussing
understand I understand and I appreciate
your warning he'll show you back to the
lobby so painfully British he'll show
you back to the lobby and he will in a
in a in a non questioning way he will
say if there's nothing else where do we
go to check out a book Yosef can help
you with a reading room yeah it has been
a pleasure to discuss with both of you
and he will like go back yeah he didn't
mean that oh so we've got the catalog
over here on the table and you just tell
me I can I can arrange the books so yeah
the way it works is you enter a ting
room say we want to know about you know
new pyramids in the Valley of the Kings
or something yes and then he'll go
to the librarian and the librarian we'll
get your stuff and bring we have that
title of that awful book that Emma
wanted us to look for right
the al-aziz book I think I've been
feeling since he talked like that
they're not gonna have it but we could
try it's it's essent the Egyptian Museum
in Cairo oh that's in the Egyptian oh
good yes all right then we don't have to
look for it and someone who is curator
of the occult to point us right at but
yes having having some books about what
we will spend the rest of our time
looking at those books about the new
pyramids I could see what there is do we
have anyway we've been trying to follow
up on the Carlisle expedition and were
specifically curious if you have any
records about any material that they
looked up while they were here before
they left
dr. dr. pen you went on that expedition
yeah that's great yeah he took a lot of
stuff with him oh I don't know if he
ever getting back to the lot to the
foundation I'd I can ask the librarian
if you want yeah I'm sure okay he's
specific you guys are looking for or
just anything at all that that you know
that they looked at before going I know
a couple of books of the doctor asked me
to check let me see if the librarian as
a record okay just wait here and
please please leave my desk alone okay
now we should know you're you and also
you know you essentially lock there but
the inner read yes yes I'll be back in
like five hours keep ourselves
entertained my wander of the library
sure yeah miss Edith Kingsbury it's
either you nor old oh geez we at t eat
of his ancient okay she's like a
grandmotherly all right yeah all right
hey hey hey Edith we got a couple of new
members for the for the foundation
they're asking to look at books the dark
the dr. penny looked at before he went
on that expedition before he'd ever
Yosef you know as well as I do that dr.
Penn who took all of the materials
relating to the expedition with him and
we've got nothing
didn't he read something before he left
and just didn't bring it what part of he
took all the materials related to
the expedition with him did you not
understand
oh can we just check the ledger and see
if maybe something they've got back you
know what a good idea
I should check the ledger do i bleep
know okay all right
they're waiting so just let me know if
we got away I'm sorry I'm sorry do we
have any books from the great pyramids
and the new valid the new discoveries oh
they're all about the great pyramids and
the Valley of the Kings discovered she
was she comes back with a stack of about
eight like Maxim tones okay just those
three they're the ones that crap so let
me kick okay I'll check those three out
okay and I'll bring it back to these
Americans they should be happy with
those books at control you know all
right
americanist yeah yeah we got a couple of
Americans from New York City didn't know
they could read apparently knock knock
yeah the doctor pen you unfortunately he
took all the books with him and then he
never he never came back he's dead
yes naturally you know so he died with
all the books Wow but I have three great
books I've been I've heard of these
these three of the best in the last 20
years and if you're interested in so
please please yeah here you go I'll
check these out I'll add them to the
ledger just knock so yeah you're not
allowed to take these book and I'll take
the books back to the library and then
maybe we can find something else
how do we get ahold of you oh you just
just knock it's really quiet oh there's
a bell that works too the Bell all right
that's my desk so I guess I'm reading
some books about pyramids and you sure
are so what you read about is some
relatively new this is like 1910s
basically suggestions let's see here of
new pyramids
found down by dust sure and one is
called the red pyramid and it is it
seems to be of a different it is it is a
different design it is more likely older
pyramids not the not the grand huge
Valley of the Kings fit you know the
great pyramids it is definitely one of
the minor pyramids hmm there's not a ton
it is all the books refer to ongoing
ongoing
expeditions examinations and expeditions
so there's there still you know this is
this is developing news okay as of about
ten years ago yeah yeah but again these
books are super dry and super non
there's no sort of like you know ain't
you know ancient astronauts built these
pyramids or anything like that
darning stop watching The History
Channel Chariots of the Gods read it
people this is the kind of thing I'm
used to seeing and and it's it's good
not to have all the horrible stuff there
but but now this is at the Red Pyramid
don't hmm so that's gonna take up the
rest of your day you to have an
afternoon if you want to make it and
it's better we do it the cold on
forenoon is there any part of the story
that we should be investigating which
part of what story I'm not really
excited to talk to this copper ya know
where am I other than that
let's see of the notes we've been given
the killer fog story is not something
I'm interested in either it's
interesting but if we haven't heard any
more reports about it maybe it was a
one-time thing
while the the murders may be another
cult like what we've experienced in New
York City it's not another cultists it's
the black it's a it's the brother of the
black Pharaoh and how do you know this
research what research research that I
have I didn't the magic did are my
drinking you've been here before
you've done this before I've been to
London yes many times you've lived up
Bloods all this before you make mistakes
and you somehow you can see the future I
can't see the future hey you know that
we're not supposed to go visit the
you're going to think I'm mad of course
not yes you really are I think I'm mad
I'm going crazy
fair enough but in any case you know
what we're supposed to do some of it
tell me it's a ruin the future if I know
no but it could be different difference
okay better last time ended not Wow
so you know something about this cult
that's killing the Egyptians I know I
know that the way that they are killing
people is consistent with how the cult
of the black pharaoh killed a hundred
years ago
they've been thought to be disbanded for
a hundred years but apparently they
weren't something about a bloody Tom I
remember that yes there it's the five
aspect the five aspects means nothing um
remember the father of maggots
I'm trying yes yes I remember yeah that
was part of it right okay but um
moving forward what what should we be
doing
if we get involved with this this cult
that's killing people where will be the
next on their hitless alright here's the
problem
Donnell yes alright fine
oh I'll tell you this much if you tell
anyone else I swear to god I'll do my
best
I'll try not to drink too much keeping
you away from the whiskey while we're
here Emma and I have lived this before
right and it ended as far as I know I
wasn't there with her in a warehouse
where something was broken and ended the
world that sounds bad
it was very bad alright so and then
we're not doing that yeah and Rob going
to some painters house we're really not
going to that painters are we not do we
look at all the coats and the mercy day
me or do we ignore the cult than the
murders I think that they are one of our
best leads honestly this painter thing
sounds interesting
mm-hmm honestly if I were the newspaper
we would be leaving London if if the
cult is our best-laid they found four do
we trust you other than the call food is
Shanghai to learn more about them
without getting their attention and
getting them to try to kill us well
that's the trouble isn't it because we
kick the hornet's nest in New York just
like mni did before let's not do that
yeah well we seem to have a habit of
doing that the newspaperman way to talk
to yes I I'm not keen to speak to this
Scotland Yard villa you and me both
maybe we'll let the others speak to him
I mean he can't he can't treat Americans
much worse than they treat us well
your English yes my accent doesn't
exactly English anymore
Oh nicely I sound American sort of well
do we have any clues we could provide
him some reason he would help us so you
do know that Jack thank you I spoke to
the inspector and I recall that
inspector Barrington was very like
dismissive well yeah he's not much for
the hocus-pocus sure mm-hmm
roll credits is it possible we could act
like we're investigating Jackson's death
perhaps pretend that we're American
coppers if we only had a badge or
Dave's body what I know that when she
have told me that oh I'm sure well she's
still been drinking and I did keep the
badge of copper we killed I think could
Sylvia pretend he was the copper like
like I can't do it well there's Irish
cops in America I can't I can't I can't
pretend I'm a New York copper I I can't
I can't play that role but sivan New
York a while I think Silvana could die
I don't think so vana will do it you are
him he runs away from danger really
stupid decisions stupidest Oh badge of
please gimme gimme perhaps we could be
relatives or or just what we are
associates of Jackson Elias hmm I mean
he'll give us the poopoo face but me hmm
what's called an intelligence roll
mister no just her okay she's
remembering something possibly oh good
seventy-four just made it alright so you
remember that the interactions with
barrington mm-hmm like once you proved
that you were useful and that you had
you know you were trying to solve the
Egyptian murders like they became a
little bit more friendly yeah all right
um like Barrington's up by the books guy
but he really wants to solve these
murders
I think the Egyptian murders is our way
home because it's still an open case
when was the last one that the
mysterious foreigner who turned up in
the Thames what when you say foreigner
do you mean Gyptians or any foreigner
well do we know what kind of foreigner
it was it turned up in the towns no that
was a that that story did not did not
make it clear who it was but the last
one was about four weeks ago all right
so this is a currently open case and
Scotland Yard hasn't been able to solve
it okay and I'm sure that's inviting odd
Barrington's ass last verse for that for
weeks
mm-hmm so who would be the best person
to talk to this copper that's the
question that is the question maybe they
made a regular success on that
intelligence rule yes okay yeah let's
see bad Emma sick and it's too bad I
could probably talk to him for one
reason and one reason only mm-hm
there's a very good drawing of you in a
New York paper and you're it was not
good of a drawing you're very average
that's why it wasn't that good right it
could be it'll be any Irishman they say
we all look the same no you don't we all
look the same
mean III don't think that Barrington is
someone that any of us should tackle
alone I think that it's something that
most of us should go it just lets me
with the others perhaps
yeah that's your therap tune what hotel
did you send the letter to the pen you
foundation from the Pemberton all right
what's your and your backup hotel is you
haven't told us that let's call it the
sure the Chelsea good I remember the
Chelsea being with Chelsea arm we're
okay Chelsea arms it is not as nice or
hotel but it asks far fewer questions
than the Pemberton that's what we want
to back up and so when you return to the
Pemberton you have a message okay you
had a letter from Edward Gavigan oh good
who welcomes you as a sustaining member
he's so pleased to hear that
you have supported the work of the pin
you Foundation and he would love
personally meet and discuss with you the
items that you are interested in perfect
we spent the whole day reading
squandered all right so that is now the
evening of the 31st all right so we're
gonna collect back together and have and
have dinner together
I brought the whiskey and you are not
giving miss McDonald yeah oh yeah oh
thank you babe
bangers and you yeah you share all the
information that you also you all
gathered there good good good and yes
and you can make some plans for so
tomorrow Sunday most things will be
closed down the museums will be open yes
February for the pen you foundation
sure it'll be open sure for that
all right st. joseph´s working on the
weekends I take it he's an intern he
might be the only person there like he
works there 2014 yeah so well we'll talk
about that later
but he'll know a little bit about the
foundation the the building yeah so
Sundy well then if that's the case
sunday may not be the time to talk to
I'm sorry what was his name we want to
talk to you Oh Edward Gavigan yes I'm
sure he won't be in today
well not in Sundays right you can say
did he it did he give me a date or
anything he just said speak yeah
you know he said he said if you're free
tomorrow for tea yes guarantee there you
go sorry I'm going to go get some tea
good on the calendar and we get it
that'll be at 4:00 p.m. yes rod does
anyone want to speak to this copper the
Scotland Yard fella Inspector James
Barrington why well he knows about these
Egyptian murders and Jackson Elias was
very interested in these Egyptian
murders yeah
and Jackson died well not because of the
Egyptian well although what a man are
very similar the Egyptian burgers cold
but but is this is this a particularly
important you know the murders
do we need to follow up on those could
be very important looking into the this
is great stuff over here the game and
the condition we're gonna have that when
the Carlisle expedition took with them
everything that professor Penn who
looked at I think that's going to be not
as much information as it's a hurdle
it's rather large yes yeah see that that
really it sounds like Jackson did the
work for us and we just have to like if
they like that's what we need to figure
out you know speaking of what Jackson
was interested in though he was very
interested in the Egyptian murders and a
beast attack in lower Eddington did he
but but he never stayed to finish those
so he must have prioritized other things
over them is just Alexandria no 17 know
so you guys are in the dining room at
the Pemberton okay yes yes having a
lovely dinner mmm let's breakfast right
it's it's okay right no we're having
whiskey for breakfast that's right do we
want to inspire that role perhaps I
don't know is this funnier yes but we've
got a funny of its brief yeah yeah yeah
do it go for I don't know for the
person who's like let's look into these
murders maybe we should hold on to some
of that inspiration spot hidden that is
a regular success I a regular success
you would swear that walking through the
lobby of the hotel was a very familiar
short dark woman like a lean book is it
is it bells you see lady Jezebel's oh
gods and I like Gopal's you okay fine
fine there's something in the food or no
no the food's excellent so as she says
that all of a sudden stood like standing
at your table is a a shorter darker
maybe East Indian maybe Southeast Asian
woman dressed in almost like
stereotypical a fortune-teller outfit oh
yeah okay carrying like all at the
table fanning out tarot cards
interesting and you look like you've
seen a ghost
that's a good description yes hello I
could let you talk to a ghost 10 pounds
10 pounds oh this is a ghost free zone
but that's rather steep tell me have you
lost someone you care about
hasn't everyone mm-hmm not if you don't
care about anyone excellent way of
playing size character I mean I
suppose that's true
yes of 10 pounds you can talk to someone
I will bring you the spirit of someone
you care about that you have lost
looks all right doesn't look too rich
for our blood though thank you for the
offer miss yes all right yeah
night-night and I hand her ten pounds
really but not here not here where we
should go to your rooms all right I was
on trip trust me fine
all right so long whose room are you
going to Alexandria all right so yeah
that came for two rooms that I don't
sleep in because I'm in my flat she she
rips one of the sheets off the bed
and throws it over the table and she
pricks her thumb and she draws a circle
on the on the on the on the the sheet
wicked this way blood magic well we
haven't had breakfast yet and she will
start to lay out tarot cards
and she she lays them out and who who do
you wish to speak to not meeting left
Jackson he's a slow turn
no I'm sorry what was your name I am
Lady Fortuna
lady Fortuna yeah I would be interested
to see who wants to talk to me
oh very well
and
her jaw distends Oh God and coming out
of her jaw is some sort of white worm
I'm out oh come on I've seen this before
you wanna know who wanted to say hello
to you frog song Oh
critical success heart success if you
made the Santa you're old nope good yes
you made several you lose one if you did
not make it here goes and this is when
you leave you lose three all right I
mean and and you all see her jaw distend
and it looks like one of the worms that
you saw in Peru not like me : I think I
just I take a step back yeah as soon it
like you made the sand roll right yes
okay yes so you take a controlled stand
back
you are freaking out here the door slam
and it's gone and she's just there
smiling what the hell it's never a good
idea to give everyone in the spirit
world and invitation you always want to
be specific it's a good idea what I want
to know which nest I've kicked Alexandra
perhaps we should narrow this a bit to
jackson Elias sure Wow
alright ask if Jackson Elias wants to
she sits like that for like five minutes
she starts and then do any of you speak
Spanish no she says see you an hombre no
silly not the El Sombrero anteed SES a
government de una Delphine and she says
it like an rapid-fire okay and then her
face goes black like oh no stone black
like Pharaoh of luck and then it's going
ask ask her a question and then she like
starts and she just starts collecting
her two cards what did the card say they
tell a story don't they when you lay
them out Oh
could've died probably I wasn't in the
room
[Laughter]
eventually eventually but not right now
probably can you be a little bit you're
going to Shanghai and you're all gonna
die
that means we live in Seoul Shanghai we
just never have to go to Shanghai who
should we look for in Shanghai make me a
powerful okay 78 didn't make it okay
only you see this come for a second
horrible
not human
massive woman with you know this stringy
greasy hair but dressed in a what seems
like a really nice dress
mm-hmm is it like the the and oriental
Chinese sort of yeah mm-hmm yeah the
cult of the bloated woman I remember
that and and then she like like she's
collector cards and she's like leaving I
don't think we got her money's worth
he'd be surprised she didn't tell us
anything from the spirit world that was
just weird I think I drank too much I
don't think I drank enough agree with
that be well bells and I and I walk out
of my own room
oh geez well you know Francois has some
fans France was hanging out in the other
room Francois has oh Lord
chief among them the heavier who's
making me do math I think 5,000 bits is
10 inspiration ties it's ridiculous
worry rolling everything yes yes so you
walk out of your room you you maybe
these are the drinkie that I'm doing
right
you yeah I'm actually just like stepping
out and going into the stairwell and
just like sitting there for a minute
just trying to breathe go after her okay
are you it did you just go to your room
I made up wit to our bar I'm going back
to the bar
all right well it's so you both made it
no okay so the first thing you notice is
that lady Jezebel is nowhere to be seen
mm-hmm the second thing you notice is
some very you have gained a healthy
appreciation for reading people's levels
of violence and there are three very
angry looking Eastern European men who
are kind of they've gotten off the
elevator and they're sort of like their
what they're very slowly walking down
the hall very circumspectly looking at
room numbers I'm gonna like tuck into a
corner and and pull out a knife and just
watch them okay they stop it mm-hmm and
one of them like very lightly taps on
the door you see you don't see this yeah
yeah yeah I'm following her cuz yeah the
hallway yeah have you stepped into the
hallway no I'm I was in the stairwell
I'll give you you guys can like yeah
yeah no if you step in the hallway we're
gonna need to make some rules okay I
just got from the Terminator he's back
I just got 500 bits he always come and
then apparently the Heffner my my
pitiful oh no I got four words inspire
you glorious behalf what [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
that's okay thank you Brian be really
afraid you're hiding with those thugs
showing yeah yeah that's a good use
that's my hope
France and Francois thanks you too
make sure to bring him back in after the
break there we go yeah so yeah they are
they lightly wrap on your door no
something's gonna sit back and watch
like put a hand on her shoulder to get
her back yeah yeah cuz I'm ready and
then they're clearly listening at your
door and then they say something quietly
to each other in a language that I'm
pretty sure neither of you speak I speak
Italian
yeah no then one of them just leans into
your door
and crunch pops the door open and they
have gone into your I grabbed her hold
on hold on you know I'm rich I'm rich
I'm actually two of them go in the room
one of them is like standing in the
I'm aware in the other room my room so
yeah what are you doing anything are you
just waiting for them to leave no go
downstairs and take it we can imply that
I was headed to the bar there's a bar in
the hotel yeah yeah because prohibition
hasn't touched English yeah how far are
we how many how many flights you are the
sixth floor sit for because we need to
get do you have anything in your room
that's incriminating it's me that
answer it for me did you have any of the
books from New York yeah
bringing them with us and we don't want
them to know what no yeah so alright
let's let's get these games alright
here's the big thing he's watching for
us and there's the one out here it's
gonna be really hard to get up to him
without him seeing us gonna learn in
those two and guns are not are a bit
noisy a lot guns are a bit noisy a bit
noisy please that might be the thing yes
please don't shoot it past my ear I like
my hearing excellent
yeah no I'm good okay who doesn't shoot
into melee good - nope nope nope nope
nope no all the callbacks this episode
all right I don't think this is not a
bad time to take a quick break so it's
like great great great so he's at Thomas
scrambling back to the control center so
we're gonna take a short a break as it
takes for five people to use one
restroom and we will be back in just a
[Music]
you
[Music]
the real question is are you team mystic
or au team valor that's the real quick I
just don't even know what that the weird
things people talk about that I just
smile enough okay it's break in the
action yes just what happens we're back
thank you so much again Jeff just for
you has made an appearance
that would so the best costume I saw all
Halloween this young woman comes up and
she's wearing a shirt with a piece of
bread on it and she's wearing a beret
and I couldn't piece together because
I'm French toast
she got extra candy that's it's amazing
so yeah when we came back when we were
it went to break there are two thugs in
your room and one thug standing in the
hallway so how far is her room from mine
three Doors okay so we came down the
hall and passed mine yes so this is a
hallway of about 20 rooms ten on each
side mm-hmm you are in the stairway yes
in the middle about I actually at the
other end of the hall there's an
elevator there's a lift I'm grinning
look it's a lift
well done okay alright I think the most
important thing right now it's a
distract that guy's this way so we can
get the drop on exactly and then we get
the other guys out yeah all right we got
the hook literally and figuratively I
don't have much of anything in my
pockets besides mine I don't have
anything to throw if she said I'm
holding several knives yeah I'm not
throwing my knives I mean though right I
got I got a money pouch it's got my
muffin throw it up and then oh it's a
we're to use of D&amp;D yeah and a potion my
water skin and for some reason a
ten-foot pole no one could walk with but
everyone has did not clap so poke like a
for taking a tent I'm all right you'll
have my coin purse that I'm going to
throw you've stated that several times
tonight in various ways all right what
did drive for hockey there's a throw
throw there's literally a very
interesting heritage but she said huh
she's American you have to excuse haha
need inspiration yeah wait wait would
you do all oh wait a minute 90 if it's
if it's a fumble you can't inspiration
yeah that's a 96
oh the boxes change so glad it was you
and not me
last episode I had 200 yes it's this
cherry matter I'm not sure so it's not
the box so you make the best thrill
you've ever made in your life it is
outstanding you hit this guy flush in
the face with your coin purse yes I love
you turn senior doing a fist bump
[Laughter]
however your balance is a little thrown
iiiii it didn't make it do not make it
yeah I'm in favor right good for it oh
and Amy it's a ship it's this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 190
something is it a six or nine that's the
course you get in 1891
she got a Mamie
you know not six a good at 16 yeah
there's no yeah so what's your deck so
you throw and you realize that there's a
banister right at your back yeah and
there is a horrible moment where you
Teeter on the precipice okay and then
you like slide forward and don't plummet
six stories to your dentist hang to
bounce off certainly to your detriment I
like that and the the guy says something
in some language louder than he has been
saying stuff clearly alerting the to now
and we can't are there and we're gonna
go to initiatives I said from the banjo
music and or cheese see turn this into a
but come on it's got to be yakety sax
yeah so it's just Dex's so 90 80 70 75
pcs always go first
fantastic I'm gonna like shake my head
drive doesn't draw to you knives and go
up at this guy
so you're moving into the corridor yep
okay the hall so if you close the
distance so you yeah you won't get an
attack this round okay you're gonna
you're you you can you will close the
distance to him so you are now at her
door mmm-hmm like looking up at I'm
actually gonna hang back just a little
bit to make him come to me a little sure
um so one door down I will give him
disadvantage okay his attack role cool
for that speaking of his attack role he
bring a fist to a knife fight I've got a
lot of inspiration pullin a me is it
alright so this is a you should make a
dodge roll I'm
I highly recommend half of my decks
didn't make it okay I'd like to inspire
that if I may go for it didn't he go he
did so yeah turnabout's Fair Play
turnabout is fair play no no when I do
it it's innovative oh you know I pulled
the naming is it a photo no but it's
worse that's my name all right oh isn't
a me if it's worse than what you
originally enrolled but then there is a
a turbo a me which is when you fumble
the second one yeah okay I mean no one's
touching it yeah I haven't done that oh
yeah you did once Amy's got two of those
why you only you're the only other one
that has one dad all right so you take
three points of damage from this meaty
meaty fist and you should make a con
roll I don't like con roll they don't go
well for me I made it holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all
right so on point so one point I made
that con so you get that back crack's
you in the jaw and there's a brief
swimming vision mmm but you are you know
you shake your head and you're out of it
you hear the other two are not leaving
the room can so your initiative all
right I'm I'm actually gonna try to run
past them and get to the door and like
try to get a room - no - victimizer down
in the bar Oh to her room yeah because
she's there no no they're telling the
bar we're down there yes oh oh oh oh I
was thinking there's still people left
in the other room that no one was
thinking I'm gonna start knocking on
every door yes I mean there's also a
phone in in her room Oh call the bar who
how that goes the lobby because you
connect me to the bar I don't want to
tension draw attention yes I pee freely
yep no I'm pounding on everything I'm
gonna straight yeah just start knocking
on door yes it start yelling and and
help help help help help help help
all right that works that yeah I have
like a bloody nose huh yes
yes they the guy that you can see like
clearly is annoyed by that all right
we're back you go first
I like hmm all right and I'm gonna come
back at him again all right you're gonna
stab him yep just get this ready that's
a necessary got a critical success all
right that is yes axe damage yes
so with stilettos that is one wait I
want to make sure this is right it might
actually be double damage mm-hmm one of
them's double damage one of them is max
damage I mean it makes this is double
damage okay so that would be ten points
of damage oh okay all right I like get
in there twist it and yank it back out
Wow okay
ten points of damage how do you drop
this guy what is the stab what is the UM
I'm I'm going up under the rib cage all
right yeah and I'm short enough that I
can just like up yeah twist it and pull
it back out there is a there is a a
disconcerting rattling noise from this
raspy breath have you ever seen a man
die that's a good question not like this
55 right do you make it yeah you seem
fine with this yeah you this guy you
got a critical success your your knife
just slides in and slides right out and
the the the the awful noise of someone
breathing out of their armpit for about
a second before he just drops and Blood
starts pooling is starting to fall
everywhere so you're talking to the
constable
[Laughter]
and I like look into the room and shout
get out all right they're gonna bum-rush
you
they take oh yeah right it's me a spot
hidden role when you look in the room
say that nope
okay I mustn't know what to inspire
that's fine nobody's coming around
banging on door oh no no no one is
opening their door
especially after he that you just hurt
someone oh no there is there's anyone
who inspire that spot hidden role cuz
I'd kind of like to you got it right he
go for it right do it spin it nope it
was worse not a fumble though I saw him
get hopeful all right um
yeah I'm getting pulling all of the
Amy's tonight so yeah they are both so
I'm gonna give them advantage they are
just trying to tackle you okay so make
me a strength role strength rule 43 that
is not a success I have I'm not I'm not
strong I'm all right so they sort of one
of them just picks you up and slams you
down mm-hmm and they are just you you
see that the two of them are just like
tackling her all right
I'm gonna give you a coconut all right
I'm gonna get in there do you know
you're in my way I got armed MLA I'm all
right so are you punching what are you
doing oh I'm punching all right punch a
guy I'm punch I don't see you knowing I
can pick up you haven't you I will give
you advantage on this because they are
both focused on tackling the person with
the knives all right so what did you
want me to you're gonna roll unarmed so
my lesson talk to the ground or okay uh
and make the iudex roll to hold on to
your knives no with advantage remember
so you got extra tens die I rolled a
forty seven out of 75 so yeah you did
not drop your knife at tens as in the
woods okay shall I make sure
oh that's a good roll oh that's a very
damn did you phone Oh 101 yeah all right
so they're not even paying attention you
you just cold-cocked one of them
like you just come up behind him and you
punch down on his jaw and who he
collapses like he just goes he just goes
down right away
yeah yeah and so you fight in the
streets and we're back to you you are
the gosh is the one talking about a nod
nod so you get to choose did the guy was
the guy you knocked out the one that
tackled her yes
okay so he'll fall on you ow there's a
large Eastern European man I'm gonna
squirm out there stinks stench of
cigarettes and slivovitz didn't know
you've just been to Germany I'm gonna
like squirm out from from under him okay
I will so you I would give you a slash
at the second guy with this advantage
I'll take that do it do it all right so
that is a 65 just over okay so you there
any way that we could use information to
cancel out the disadvantage was that via
15 and very good know if you do the
reroll you'll reroll it all the whole
thing hmm
I think John want suspended like one of
the worst places to spend inspiration is
on a disadvantaged role and you're gonna
like 47 inspiration thank you have that
lose my dyeing my seat all right so you
you know it's tough you're coming out
from under this other guy and you just
it's more like stay away from me slash
attack slash and he will assess his
decisions in life it's by one if I was -
bend luck that's where I would do it he
is
gonna take off running oh good but
before he does he attack some
opportunity he says I'm glad you said it
so he can give you the dirty look you
don't use those words he he says in very
okay and then he's gone he's running
down the stairs I'm gonna take off after
him okay since it's my turn okay
what so they're gonna do a chase what
are you doing I'm gonna phone down
down and say there there's guys right
you run into your room yeah okay and
what what are you telling the hotel
lobbies I'm telling a fight in the
corridor and there's two guys and their
dog yeah okay I mean clearly they
attacked each other one slashed the
other neither one knocked him out
obviously early okay so you you there's
gonna be a chase with you and him so I'm
gonna call this I'm gonna call this
opposed Dex rolls yeah
hmm he has a regular success I had a
regular success all right buzzer hard
nothing changes there yeah I'm gonna say
we have five rolls okay to to decide
house establish who gets there so we
have four more rolls oh that is a
critical success I failed all right so
he like just leaps over the banister and
he's now gained basically a floor on you
know the bar at all the hard success
when it gets to be my dream okay well I
don't think they're doing turn
the turn yeah things stay as they are
okay that's just a regular success but
I'm gonna have to get my friends in the
BART please that is a hard success
all right you catch up a little so now
he's a happy okay and one more don't
notify us this is happening that's a
regular success that's a regular success
for me all right so he busts through the
door about a half a floor ahead of you
mm-hmm
so he will be out the door you know
through the lobby that fellow's in
corner Ari and I'm gonna come here after
him okay
make me a luck rule that's not lucky
ninety-eight sir all right so yeah you
guys you don't notice you know
there's a little bit of hub up in the
lobby but what you do here is scratch
bang smash and you turn around and you
see Alexander like tackle a waiter who
was carrying like well apparently we
need to get that waiter he was carrying
like two trays of drinks and just they
all go flying and crashing and bashing
and the guy is out the door thanks to
your distraction and you take a point of
damage myth but really it's your it's
your it's my go like important to look
like very good very quickly put my knife
sure yeah it's quickly as I can
you didn't stab the waiter look just
yeah he got our drinks we have problems
is this when somebody comes over to tell
them I'm the bar you hear is there a
UH no I know that
Silvio Silvio oh that's for you that's
that's that's Joan go tell her I go tell
her you found me oh all right you go
back in the bar and yeah no I'm drunk I
just show tell Joan I found her he he
says he found her great thank you
sure hello I said why we just they were
in Joan's room I can't lock the room we
need to go play now are the where's I
swear to God I will choke we're coming
upstairs I'll go with your PS okay I'm
coming down because I want to so you
guys made it about the third in all
right right - Joan
upstairs Biasi Lucas all right I told
them I told them there was a fight
outside my door well that works yes okay
they were looking for something in
Joan's room there were three of them and
they said Sahara was wrong surah surah
sends her regards
what does that mean to you Joan what
does it have to do with the Gypsy what
the horrible gypsy I will punch you I
don't know that that's a good question
they'll have no idea what happened if
she get told them where our room was or
whatever but I know these guys I know
this Eames you know the zip why don't
why are they looking at Joan's room
first when they could find I don't know
a flashlight is there is one of them
still here dead the other isn't dead
yeah there's unconscious so funny chakra
ham when you make it up to this floor
both the bodies are gone however it is a
very clear blood trail into the servants
areas let's go to the yeah all right and
it leads to the servants elevator which
is going down it has just reached the
bottom floor damn we can't go fast
with this dragging a body let's
yourself disappear that's a hard success
it's a hard success all right with a
hard success I have a heart success
unless you want me here you know despair
I'm free
okay fine so you you notice it cuz it's
funnier okay
you notice that so they're following
this trail of blood and as you turn the
court the hallway corner there's a
there's a business card with a with a
bloody that like that's got a little
blood on it okay and it's a business
card for Empire spices Empire spices is
their phone number address spice shops
everywhere
I guess there's an address my first
you know you're drunk yes it is the
it's an address in Soho not terribly far
from where you are
gunfire it's it close to the warehouse
that's a problem for tomorrow's you
don't know where the warehouse is no I
just know there's a warehouse in Soho
it's true it's true no I know who this
person is
mm-hmm damn it tell me it has nothing to
do with the Egyptian murders I could but
I'd be lying do it anyways but do we
lose track we can so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off follow the
blood trail I mean that's six feet be
six floors down well this was like a
dead lead then they'll be out the door
[Laughter]
yeah but deadly I was just trying to get
out of this are there are there any are
there like servants stairs anywhere near
buying sure yeah let's be honest climb
stairs you're not trying to go let's go
down the stairs all right you start
running down the stairs and I change
are you all going down the stairs we'll
go down the stairs follow are you
staying wait my room is still open so
froze the door well no I mean but if it
closed it it'd still be busted it open
do I wait for somebody to come up and I
think it got stuff you know I got it I
got to change my shirt so you want to
put the books in my room yeah you have
my key all right and and and handle the
police or whoever's coming up everything
there's plenty of blood yeah all right
so we're going on the service stairs all
right
you will head downstairs the service
elevator is lying open and there is a
side door
out of the hotel that is but that is
wide open right out to the night air you
go outside okay I'm like looking around
to see if anyone's nearby it I mean
there's so this is an alley mm-hmm and
then it gets out to a busy street and
you do not see there's a blood trail
like stop there
well now it's dark
outside and the alley is not well lit
yeah we have a flashlight or anything
torch torch yeah true
I like kick the wall in frustration
they've probably had an auto waiting out
here it's not a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's all three got
away all right so no well okay the
bodies of all three got away so you are
very clear shirt yeah you go back to
your room yes Jeff the books are gone so
any any books you had from New York are
now gone we're going to a warehouse do
not tempt me sir are you confident that
you'll remain and this time so do we all
meet up again at some point here well
keep repeating University it's getting
more fallout from us and so yeah shortly
a the hotel detective is there Sidney
Overhill ma'am what what what has
happened here man well you know I I was
in my room and all of a sudden there's
this big bang and these guys tumble in
and they're fighting and hotel guests
were they I just I dunno had you seen
them before
no no there's guys I know people you
don't know no there were just these guys
and they were and one guy had a knife
and they were fighting and I'm just like
I'm staying here I called downstairs
didn't to tell you no see if my friends
could come up and help and see what was
going on and and get friends word to
talk to that talk to the downstairs they
said they know I called of calls that's
why I'm yeah yeah yeah yeah
that is a prodigious amount of blood man
and what were they only punching each
other no
Manimal 'if a knife yes so he stabbed
and then one of the other well then then
dragged him off you can see the blood
see where which were both so there were
two gentlemen yeah and they were
fighting in the hallway and one of them
they broke through your door yeah then I
could see them and the one guy stabbed
the other guy and then just dragged him
away
that was my door just like excuse me huh
did you hear anything no I was I was
drinking down at the bar at the time oh
right and ma'am yes if you don't mind my
saying so your room seems rather unkempt
I haven't had any time to clean up babe
you gonna do something that this is
terrible man yeah I heard that that you
know Britain was a an upstanding place
and ding so you told the drawers out of
your dresser I was looking for something
to get these guys to go away
there's nothing here I see well first of
all allow me to apologize on behalf of
the Pemberton hotel for this utterly
unfortunate incident I assure you this
sort of thing does not happen routinely
yeah no I appreciate that I know doesn't
it cross you off my list
and I assure you that we will get you
another room thank you
and are you is in your haste to not
I I'll have to take a look to take a
seat
I see but these two gentlemen were not
trying to get anything from your room I
don't know I don't know it all happens
I'm I'm terribly sorry for your for this
awful situation we are a monster
[Laughter]
[Music]
somebody is now cleaning like trying to
clean up the caking blood on the so you
guys come up and you see em
breathing hard because we've been
climbing stairs and you see a guy in a
off-the-rack suit kind of talking in
standing in the cracked doorway of
Professor lamb the detective mm-hmm
let's go ahead out in my room until
they're done with her right
do you not want the detective to notice
you I do not want him to notice me all
right
both of you make me a stealth roll o0 8
is a good room didn't 64's okay check
that box do you want to you want to go
ahead on that one yeah I think so please
I still didn't make it
all right so yeah so you you with your
own it I mean you can grab me and drag
me back if you ever know eight like your
door closes and you're at your door and
he goes oh excuse me mom hmm can I help
you yes did you hear anything happen in
this whole way I just came up from
downstairs I see
which is the absolute goddamn mean this
guy's poor Oh No are you is it
raining no I don't think so ma'am your
interesting
yes what were you doing downstairs I
was downstairs why why is that an e it
says something happened yes
he'll gesture at the pool of blood oh my
god a man has died in this hotel today
oh well I presume it's a man I've been
told it's a man I mean fair enough um
I'm terribly sorry to hear that
let's ride and get covered in drinks yes
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're drunk probably there's
glasses I did have rather an accident
with the waiter downstairs it's
embarrassing and I'd like to get cleaned
up after it I see I'm watching where I
was going and I tripped and we went down
dealer and I would like to go well this
is the floor for this hotel isn't it uh
yes I'm sure
thank you ma'am please Cheers and they
will remember the door they didn't
looked like a suite are you Jonesy and
he will somewhat snidely tell you not to
worry about cleaning the room the maid
though they'll have a maid take care of
it
thank you and and asked you not to
remove the drawers in this room they're
far more it's a suite please do not
the double beating in that all right yes
all right Benedict you on this floor you
don't even make to need to make a listen
roll he's knocking on every door mm-hmm
on this floor asking people questions in
that case I'll get changed with the
bedclothes hustle up a bit yeah you know
turn the lights yeah he'll knock on your
door take my time turn the light on
water over there hello Sarah I'm sir mr.
he gives the fake name a visitor right
right right
I'm so sorry to bother you did you hear
any ruckus in this hallway yeah some
some arguments CONUS it woke me up
from my sleep I went back to bed some
people arguing in the hallway that's all
I remember
I see I see well and that's all you
heard banging ER yellow I I'm sorry I it
was a disturbance I was asleep I I went
back of course well thank you sir right
all right so yeah you'll hear like he
keeping on the on doors
he doesn't go what knock on your door he
saw what should wear my went into and I
assume he assumes that I'm like half
dressed getting changed after all knock
on your door
oh yeah I'll just open up when I see who
yes I just you should be ashamed I beg
your pardon sir making that woman cry
well it's it's I'm certain she's seen it
had a great deal of trauma good night
I'd like to he puts his foot in your
door I'm wrong something's wrong with my
door I'm here tonight this hallway I
heard you knock earlier you can probably
smell my breath yeah oh yeah earlier
there was yeah you there was a commotion
in the hallway yeah he motions at the
or my flip is in your door
give yourself part of the game because
that's a good one more rude I do beg
your pardon sir but there has been a
murder in this hotel today what and that
is why I'm asking if you heard any
commotion in this hallway have you been
in your room most of the evening
I was drinking at the bar I hadn't
noticed
you there's got to be a deception check
in here I'm genuinely convinced so you
were downstairs for the entire evening
so one of them was III heard murdered
yes you've got a body no but I have a
large pile of blood that's probably
murder yes funny how that works a little
disquieted by well I mean this yeah well
if you do hear anything please let me
know I'm trying to all probably call on
the phone if someone tries to murder me
well let us all fervently wish that does
not happen excellent liar this detective
oh yeah
so yeah he'll keep checking with people
I mean they don't really have anything
the next day the police will talk to
everybody
thoughts on some doors so they said this
is gonna eat up most of that Sunday yeah
we already don't we already have plans
I mean not anymore it's funny how the
lease investigation really throws a rich
and I'm just saying we can have early
yeah however early we leave the police
will be here earlier
yeah no funny humans your room is being
watched
so thank if you you know if you go to
your room there's like a member of the
hotel staff is like standing there and
asks you to please remain in your room
the police wish to you know there as
part of their investigation the police
yeah well I had an appointment you three
or not don't have you know you three
don't have that problem okay where is
she is it for so hopefully I can get
vaguely I will explain we're not going
you are those tea at 43 was meet mm-hmm
how did they know where Jones room was
who are they what were they looking for
well I can answer one of those questions
oh please do
sorry sir I was I think you found a
thing that you white white blood off of
off of onto your shirt oh yeah I think I
saw that yeah pull the card it's all
crumpled is this another spice shop
crumpled in my pocket with the small
shops it seems like it's the Nexus for
the Brotherhood of the black Pharaoh or
wait play play they just be a living joy
delicious food we've pretty much have to
target all spice shop here's the big
thing Zara is as I'm sure you've guessed
a spice dealer but it worked with Pena
so connected to the Carlisle expedition
this is why you keep notes friends
because I remember I didn't remember
this from last time I had it in my nose
not only a spice house also a place of
we calendars we should make that we
could shirt rub bad who is who's our I
would be awesome
the the spice dealer I never met her I
missed it
where did I come from sorry the name
where'd that come from when the guy the
guy yelled yes regards but you know that
name
yes how do you know that name take a
wild guess
have you met Zara before no I just heard
the name and how are they who told you
that their regard who did tell me that
name that was in another life literally
it had to do with the blue pyramid Club
though Oh
Barrington mmm a blue period
Barrington was saying that she had
worked with the Pinu foundation a little
bit and that they had been examining her
as a person of interest and the Egyptian
murders but they couldn't couldn't find
anything she was clean
Barrington last time I talked to him
this is the copper that we don't want to
speak to very much them but you've
already spoken to him we've talked about
so perhaps if last time you spoke to him
it didn't go bad
perhaps another yeah well the last time
I time the last time I stayed in this
hotel it didn't go poorly either and
this time my nose is broken
how do they know where the gen was in
this hotel did Joan use a fake name we
all used fake names
no hardly did Joan used to think what
would you checked in right she did I
we all use fake names I mean you and I
did okay that's all I would know you two
can make it but no one broke into my
room cuz I don't do things that get
people to break into my rooms that's
success on that 23 so there's also
positive part success okay oh oh she did
correspond with that the penny
foundation discern and that's connected
to the pen
someone at the bloody pen you foundation
that damn intern I'm sure it was we
should kill him
I know just just to violently
interrogate let's keep things civil
Silvia whoo-hoo from the Pena foundation
would would know I mean any like we did
I'm assuming general she sent the letter
went to the pen you foundation yeah the
letter is gone dead
no one yes yeah it was from Edward
Gavigan yes but wasn't that to the
joining of yes well that was
acknowledging that okay was a sustaining
they had because the gun I used my
really Gavigan letter was mailed to or
this hotel and get her but her name her
name so I'd give you this and you would
definitely know this right like if
somebody gives that much money the
executive director is gonna write a
letter sounds just good stewards so yeah
at least the executive director knows
probably whoever you lot talk to over
there who did you talk to that intern
well whoever was has a reason to be
suspicious of Joan and Silvana mm-hmm
but they were not to Joan was anything
said I'm glad I didn't get that did you
talk about Jackson the the expedition no
we kept no we kept it the expedition yes
we didn't talk about Jackson did we no
but also you mentioned the Carla
expedition and we talked about the Carla
yeah perhaps that was what set them off
yeah we're that were that were
interested in it I mean if people are
keeping an eye on the on the Carlisle
expedition everything that happened with
that that makes sense especially since I
know that SAR is connected to the penny
foundation and everything that happened
how is she connected
how was she connect and do it and do I
remember what what barrington son nope
Harrington was unclear so we can bait up
she's easily then writes in a letter
another another letter from another
person waited another location mm-hmm no
because you have we could pick a
warehouse actually you don't even know
and nothing could go wrong with them you
don't even know what room she's a murder
her room is empty with like a little
string across it oh and all the string
is a little paper that says do not enter
goddamnit the power of the string well
we could always call the hotel lobby
they could connect us a Jones room I
mean you're assuming that they will when
she's part of an act of murder
investigation of a but it probably won't
because I'm worth a shot anyone who's
calling for her they're gonna try to
find out who's calling from where and
why oh I'll give it a shot
have fun a kadhai the lobby aspected it
Joan Ames room I'm sorry but professor
lamb is currently not available then
perhaps leave a message or we have lunch
plans oh well she's talking to the
police ask her if just to ring my room
about what time for lunch or dinner
perhaps certainly sir are you involved
in this whole business for business oh
there was a murder
bloody hell she's a lot right the
professor is yeah I mean as far as I
know yes she's not a suspect I mean I
think she's a witness
oh she's a witness that's fine she saw
someone get killed ma'am I was in the
Great War we've all seen people get
just I ever ever call my room all right
thank you love ya so you have a very
profound tree interview with a constable
who is very apologetic oh she's got a
photo and just ask you once again for
your story and you know you say the same
thing
and he he asks the only thing that's
different this time is he he's very
interested in why they crashed through
your door yeah but I just they were
fighting they crashed mm-hmm
and they asked you for descriptions of
the men do you describe the guys that
were okay because I said yeah I saw them
in the road too they were burned into my
brain there were only two I saw two guys
fighting huh what'd you see that's
that's curious because the front desk
recalls three gentlemen asking about
your room hmm and they told them oh my
goodness
yes it appears that one of the night
staff took a bribe and gave those
gentlemen your room information we have
that person in custody as a possible
accessory but we're not sure as an
accessory to what do you have any idea
why where the third gentleman was and
why they would be targeting your room
you seem to think this was a coincidence
I do and then one of them stabbed the
other I that is what you said that's yes
yes yes yes that's that's this is this
is Wow
why would somebody I mean the the only
people I've had contact with is the pen
you foundation I I came here to to you
know go through their their their books
and things I'm a scholar I'm and was
there anything in your room these
gentlemen might be looking for anything
of value I mean I have I have my
notebooks and my notes and things maybe
they wanted to find out
about the pyramids I'll have to see if
there's any any any pages missing but no
they didn't even know they were fighting
and that's it
so the two gentlemen were fighting yes
and there was no third gentleman not
that I saw
could he have been hiding oh he was
waiting for me to come out oh that's
horrible
this is horrible hmm wow I'm I'm glad
that's over
I am so glad that's over I'm glad I died
we're going to have ma'am we'll have at
least for the next few days we'll have
an au an office an officer in uniform in
the lobby you can feel free at any time
if you need to to call down to the front
desk and the constable will be happy to
help you with anything you require do
you have several appointments I'm
supposed to be meeting some friends here
that's it
I would suggest that it makes sense for
us to these gentlemen were targeting you
ma'am unless you feel secure in the idea
that whatever this is has ended I would
suggest you allow an officer to spend at
know I'm just gonna be going out with
friends and I'm going to be studying um
that would be so boring for them um
now these men are clearly very dangerous
clearly I mean they must have just got
my name randomly because they're not me
strains credulity ma'am there's no way
they could have your look didn't doesn't
said oh wow that's an interesting person
or something in the could it be part of
ma'am I've seen police procedurals I've
seen seen police working through things
with with rolled in 98 I understand some
of what police do it in their work and
so for some reason he's buying this yeah
and he's like well perhaps leaving the
hotel would be a smart move
yes I mean if they're looking for you
here yes that that could that could make
a lot of sense
all right well I thank you thank you so
much for coming and with that horrible
role you have successfully blustered him
out of like having a policeman follow
you
excellent fumbles happen to all of us
and that's why I shouldn't roll dice
okay so yeah you you know it's about
noon by the time all of this is wrapped
up so you guys can meet for lunch yes I
met you were holed up in my room or one
of our rooms room service I do get I do
get the call that says that somebody was
Joan you wrote the letter to the Pena
foundation so they knew that you were
staying and they said thank you thank
you thank you this must be related to
that letter look for you Jimmy whether
she'll tell you were staying in they
knew my room number Joan that the the
the one who ran away said Zara sends her
regards
yes Zara is someone that I know of who
is connected to the Penn Hugh foundation
that may be where they got your names
bastards when it was someone over there
is set this crook I have a meeting with
Edward Gavigan and
excellent at forty at four do you want
company
yes please I think we can arrange that
yes so you're all gonna go to the pit
new foundation yeah I'm certain I'm
definitely going with her I'm not
letting her go alone this time I brought
I brought my friends and we're gonna
have a lovely tea time are you staying
here at the Pemberton no we have nothing
to go to the Chelsea yeah okay he took
care of the Chelsea so you are all there
under fake names sweep from now on fake
names and fake names only
tell me gotta come up with a fake name
now God I'm Irene Adler friends walk you
all right so we'll zoom ahead to the
Pena foundation so yeah you show up and
that same intern is at the desk for Joe
both and so this is the next morning
this is the sec no this is that this is
sunday sunday sunday he's working
Sundays did the fight happen on the 31st
one the fight happened in the night of
the 30th yeah 31st no 30th yeah the
Friday yes if it just scribbling is
choice have I slept in do I get a point
of healing you get a point
you got a point back it is it is yes it
is 4:00 o'clock Sunday the first I'm
still like limping so not terribly happy
but open okay uh-huh see the other guy
oh hey the Americans are back hey guys
how coke I do for you mister Gaffigan
today really mister gávea yeah Wow
mister Gavigan is I never seen you mr
garrier
well actually he is like one of the
people who is always nice to you he
always is like you know he asks after
you and that sort of thing he he's super
like neurotically scheduled so like you
always he comes in at the same time he
walks here yeah you're very used to
his schedule oh yeah mr. Garriga he's
he's here in his office today he's been
here since exactly 2:30
well he did he did request our presence
my presence in his yeah there is I have
you right here on the agenda okay so um
if you would not mind just waiting here
by my front desk and please do not
disturb me in my documents I'll be right
back no it's it's another go Terrell you
just want the skill check did you feel I
understand it perfect if you 1498 I
recognize alright these character on
fire so he's having an affair
so yeah you like you like read it and
yes he's having an affair and you like
straight enough to tell them that and
you knock over an idiot and ink bottle
oh and just the whole desk is just
starting to like they mister Gavigan
will you'll come in and he said okay I'm
mister having your appointment that
would tea for them with the American
woman Wanda she's in the lobby
send them in you're all in this way and
there's an ink bottle like there was you
you see like dripping ink it was a
I'm trying to grab some paper cleanly
except see what's damaged I don't care
about them yeah I'll start clean things
out I'm sure you know it's pages I can
read this a little okay no goodness all
your students it's almost like he's
doing it to make you feel bad so I'll
clean this up for however long it takes
yeah there's like a 10-minute interval
let me get some soda water so the water
doesn't take Hank out it might you eyes
or no thought alcohol for that so is uh
mr. Keegan wait I'll get some alcohol
it's mr. Gavigan waiting for us are we
waiting for him you're waiting alright
it's about twenty minutes can just go
back he'll see you now yes he leads you
into Luna a back off Shh knitties is
nice but not leo
everything is is very well appropriated
there are a number of African curios a
sari egyptian curios like what african a
number of egyptian curios and things
like that around and rising to meet you
as you come in is the perfectly
manicured form of edward Gavigan none of
these pictures don't look menacing he's
not gonna eat my face at all yes is the
stuff in his office better look real
does it look better to make an
archeology role I just make it yes yeah
this looks like you know again it is not
there's nothing extravagant or
supernatural or anything like that here
okay
he rises to meet you and he he like hmm
what was the delay
Oh your intern was having some problems
with his paperwork but he's all sorted
well please I'm Edward Gavigan the
executive director of the pen who found
a ssin it is a pleasure to meet you all
nice to meet you hello nice to meet you
so Americans and their handshakes
bracing
cool subtle insult they're fun how tell
me how can I be of assistance to you I'm
so moved by your generous donation to
the pen who found Asian know great great
yeah I wanted to make sure that you kept
your your area and space here and
business before tea professor in my line
of work
and there there is a little there's a
little bar in the room and he'll you
know at a certain point tea will be
served they'll bring in teen one of the
things that I've been I've been wanting
to go to Cairo and study some of these
the things that artifacts and such that
they have there and I was wondering if
you might be able to help me get some
contacts there well there are a number
of mmm learned minute the Egyptian
Museum in Cairo of course I would be
happy to write a letter of introduction
great but first I would like to know a
little about you sure everybody make a
spot hidden failed crime hard success
anybody else make it yeah harder Euler
okay so ever since you said the tea
before business thing like he will every
once in a while just like look at you in
a very curious way mm-hmm and he'll
actually stop and he'll say forgive me
hmm do I know you are you a follower of
opera
I do enjoy a bit of opera yes I was once
in that circle Alexandria Hartford of
course hmm miss Hartford it is a
pleasure to meet a grand diva hmm I that
life is behind me now but it was
marvelous mmm yes yes so of course I
will send a letter of recommendation for
you now what what is it that brings you
to the pen you foundation well I thought
maybe you were we've been been following
a little bit about sir O'Brien and the
unfortunate circumstances and kind of
retraining I wanted to retrace some of
the steps and and and and and see what
he saw and I thought that your
foundation would be a good place to
start well regrettably all of mr. P news
personal papers and effects as well as
lead lion's share of the scholarship
that he was working on were lost in the
unfortunate events in Kenya I was really
hoping that you would have some things
of his or around that we could that we
could take a look at but I would I will
take the contacts and talk to Cairo
um so I know that he was also looking
into some mystical things now I'm not a
believer but I thought it was very
interesting and I notice that you don't
have very much of that kind of
information here at least readily
accessible and I was wondering if there
is anything like that here that you
could clue me in to
I assure you we have nothing of that
sort hmm
mr. Carlisle was a brash very American
gentleman and he obtained information
from an African woman concerning a
little-known period in Egyptian history
in which it was reputed that a and I
cannot say this word with enough disdain
a sorcerer of some sort ruled the Nile
Valley alas the information was as you
might expect a hoax a hoax that mr.
Carlisle and unfortunately sir abri both
paid for with their lives I find it odd
that sir our bure would even investigate
such a hoax well hmm sir ah Bree was a
loyal and dedicated friend to mr.
Carlisle Hey yeah they had significant
correspondence between each other and a
long and complicated relationship hmm
interesting
hmm yes well I've been very interested
in all things all things Egyptian for a
long time and I hate to bring it up at
this nice gathering but I've been
hearing about these murders they're
calling the Egyptian have you guys heard
anything about that here only what I
have read in the newspapers I see
detestable sis unfortunate events very
very sad but you can see sometimes that
the Egyptian and mythology and there
they it takes that turn for the dark you
know the rumors of you know expunged
historical figures and trolls and alike
and black Pharaoh whose yes well there
is there is plenty of space in Egyptian
mythology for one to have flights of
fancy all sorts do I detect anything
from him when I make any of those you
can make a psychology role if you want
I'll try one and on that as well sure
yeah just cuz I know the letter went
here and I don't know mm-hmm no
everything's fine I'm not even trying
and my seconds not fine small but he
wants to eat my face I just know that
much if you if you do wish to travel to
Cairo my suggestion to you would be to
find a reputable guide not some African
woman who will steal all of your fun all
of the expeditions funds yeah and flee
first chance she gets
now agreed agreed agreed would have to
be a straight up expedition how much de
Pena take with him on this expedition
turned some flight of fancy to be clear
the flight of fancy was entirely Roger
Carlisle's but Roger Carlisle was the
gentleman who was influenced by that
person and Roger Carlisle was the funder
of the expedition since I pen he must
have believed in the expedition it seems
care ago that he would have funded such
a thing sir Arbor Roger Carlisle was a
wealthy well
man and required no assistance from the
pin you foundation he did we did offer
some maps and some assistance in that
regard and it saraburi was very
interested in the potential discoveries
yes that could have come from this
unfortunately none of us could have
foreseen the terrible turn that this
took I wonder do you still have him do
you know which maps they were most
interested in and would you still have
copies of such things unfortunately all
the material he took all of it that
related to this were taken by surah Bree
and were lost during his tragic incident
in Kenya would that include the
correspondence that he had with mr.
Carlisle hmm well we do have a minute or
such thing would be personal but yes
there are private matters unrelated to
the work of the expedition that are
often mentioned I'm sure you would agree
that they are not something that should
be shared
of course that's we really do want to
keep on going and and in the spirit of
what they were doing without you know
all the unfortunate to business that
brought to them hmm
well you know I can show you a few of
the they did come up with some very
interesting finds in test trenches and
that that sir robbery's sent back ah
there was some test trenches near
dahshur and also in the way west of the
Giza pyramids most of the artifacts are
at the British Museum but we do have hmm
a few pieces upstairs that I would be
happy to show you oh it's about six
o'clock now and it's getting dark out
actually it's six o'clock on in February
and so you know if you're he'll he'll
lead you up to that Museum on the second
floor
let's have a look I guess we come and he
will begin to he will begin to show you
endless rows of inscribed shards like
whatever and it's all you know
everything he says is noteworthy and
note and and and and informed just
trying very hard to not make my eyes
incredibly boring and make me in our
calling archaeology role know we can
inspire that alright it's inspired that
little further forward oh yeah that's
better good right so he's being like
overly pedantic this is you know this is
a delay thing this is just like and this
noteworthy piece and he tells you about
you know where the nose of this thing
went you know and I can just say hmm yes
know that I'm very familiar with this
kind of yeah you could you could have
big time and I'm gonna tried it I'm
gonna try it let me say you know it
helps because he I'm feeling that
mansplaining coming on again and that
really that that tweaks me mm-hmm
that tweaks me that's right so yes
that's that's one of the big things that
tweaks me cuz ya know I know this it's
like it so I'm good I appreciate you
showing all these things I understand a
lot of what you're saying I've been
through this I've seen it is there
anything new anything special I think
apparently not
apparently I'm happy to continue to show
you the collection or if I can offer any
other assistance otherwise it is getting
a tad late hmm it is late we should
mosey
yes let's mosey I don't know what that
means Americans and their strange words
well again and we so appreciate your
support of the work of the pen you
Foundation and thank you all for coming
and if I can be of any assistance please
do not hesitate to contact me
mm-hmm if you could be of any assistance
I wouldn't hesitate so yeah no ill he'll
like say that after you get the letter
ready he will take his leave and an
intern will show you out oh it's the
Americans don't let me in with Americans
for God's sake oh I'm sorry
uh so yeah it's about seven o'clock the
doors over here thanks for visiting the
Pena foundation your donations thank you
for your work our hours are 8:30 until
6:30 p.m.
have you had any luck with your notes a
so what are you doing I don't believe
him he well of course not he's lying to
his going down teeth I think it would
take something outrageously important to
take the men pen you himself out of his
own foundation and take all this bloody
materials he was supposedly a troll
after Africa he would have had to hire
someone to haul all that farm he was an
older man yes they have some things here
the Carlisle's petition was pretty
pretty well there were there were it
wasn't just the the seven principles
there were a lot of I'd like to see his
correspondence I would tell into his
office oh it can't be done what are we
talking about Donald dinner closed-door
doesn't matter open windows probably the
easiest all right well I've already had
some beliefs activities recently so no I
think you should go back to the hotel
and Donnell and I will wait did you
wanna do you want you wanna join us
I I am actually very interested in this
it's Oh loyally an incredible
coincidence I'm sorry I'm used to you
running away when there's a problem
well if it's something horrible coming
out of someone's mouth named Francois
then that with bells there's there's
different kinds of danger either way
like it very much strikes me I mean the
fact that there's really no interesting
information here and the fact that this
is where the letter was sent to and
those men came to look for interesting
information to take it from you yes and
I'm very same day you visited this place
well and I strongly suspect that
I may be the next target of that sort of
a visit because he recognized me so yeah
I mean opera side but it seems odd well
I will tell you guys I do not want to be
all by myself this evening you should
check if the police'll assign security
to you yeah it is a for to break in the
pin you foundation but to be alone yes I
mean unless you want to go spend time
with Emma and make sure she's all right
yeah if you're with them you can't
possibly she's got another Emma there's
Emma is a plenty and then nine at this
point so that is a good point that is a
good point that I wouldn't be alone I've
played with Amy for so long that I
played with her when a character wasn't
named Emma oh all right I I do think
that none of us should be by ourselves
and never let them alone for far too
long
Marina oh okay that's probably correct
and then there was the halfling that
wrote a dog yeah the invisible halfling
arm army I'm gonna campaign with blinks
dogs where all of them are like gnomes
and halflings riding blink dogs cool
alright so you guys are gonna break into
the pin you found it are you gonna be
fine with it
alright she used to be the worst
obviously no no so show so Emma as she's
still just be doing better better are
you she's still at the pemberton yeah
yeah mmm she's still at the pemberton
yeah I have a little bit of disguise
song that I can do that sure make me
a disguise role we have those wigs yep
you know what for the wig I'll give you
I see every five I see 35 35 but I'm 30s
miles Wow
you could spend luck yeah no it's a lot
higher that it's mama got 87 inspiration
line I think we do we've got a lot all
right it's do you think I'll do one of
those ones thank you if you got
advantage and your rear o lling you're
that would be that would be the old tree
you have much better all right I see a
yeah yeah so you know that's disguise
check that box a box and that's my best
extreme boo all right you got an extreme
success the problem for you the weak on
backward yeah we're weirdly you know you
walk in and you're a three-foot tall
African [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] little person pardon me
but a little person yes oh Lord
so yeah you are Emma doesn't even
recognize you that's okay I'll sit and
read her a story or some there you go
all right so you're gonna break into the
canoe foundation remember the last time
we broke into somewhere no I don't we
don't talk about that no we've never
done this well never an we've all seen
the inside of the area we know that
offices our second floor I believe yeah
first floor where the offices were on
the first Hey easy enough
yeah we don't want to go in to get into
the reading rooms because those were in
front and you get lots office was right
here so you came in you went here
through this little antechamber right in
here let's go back you did not go there
was there a back door there's a loading
dock yes let's go Tony dark have a look
yeah all right both all three of you
make me a luck roll oh all right
17 success success 28 nope
all right the loading dock is empty it's
closed up for the night good it is
there's a coal chute and there's a back
door a lock picks out back door it's a
Sunday night we should be should be fine
all right I'm gonna keep watch while he
you're gonna look as well we need to
climb over it yeah great
we got a lock of the gate I mean you
could try and unlock the gate sure but
that's a little harder you're like in
the roadway you know a freak lettuce is
climb over dad I'll give me a boost
sure sure yeah you get don't worry about
the wrong get over it it's fine just get
over it
so there it is yeah there's a door and
it looks like there's also a coal chute
here
I'll start the door okay lockpick all
right I can keep watch while he's doing
that that's 16 yeah all right that box
yeah so you you pop the back door open
good was that a hard success is it one
away so it's a regular success okay okay
you you pop the door open and you are
now you are in this hallway all right
all right I'm going to listen very
intently and see if anyone is in the
building and see if I can hear anyone
who are you gonna four yeah I made him
oh right the man there are clearly
footsteps upstairs and that's a little
success
nice yeah there are clearly footsteps
upstairs it sounds like two sets okay
footsteps up sounds like two people are
upstairs all right
we're still the first floor for now we
move quickly and quietly
all right well quickly to first to
Gavigan x' office dr. our new lights
right all right so you head to this door
mm-hmm
okay then you head to this door and you
come in to Gavin's office it's not
locked
it is not locked right split up search
different areas okay there is so all
three of you make me spot hidden roles
Frosty's I just rolled another for
success cheated I assumed a spot hidden
nope didn't make it all right
but he got a 4-1 point nice I'm so glad
we brought you and we found the smoking
gun now let's get out very film noir of
you friend you find oh my God we're
getting new information hand out it's
this is stuff I've never seen before you
find a telegram good read it to us with
all the stops do you want to read it
reading okay multiple things we can take
turns post office telegrams if there is
a doubt about the accuracy of any part
of the telegram and telegrams enquire
read the messages alright work and we
Gavigan pin you Foundation he's a dig
well all his planned work a pace a pace
at an unpronounceable location nicer
Gnaeus nice rent yeah that sounds as
good news any mm-hmm thank you for all
your assistance most helpful dr. H Clive
plus who's that I don't know
never heard anywhere the plus at the end
of their name can you let me see that
report that mission means that yeah and
I means it hmm we're told you made a
regular success regular success right um
there is there is a floor safe no yeah
behind the desk and safe on the desk is
a photograph of a manor house it's a
three-story country mansion and it says
MISR yes hmm interesting this the safe
any chance this can be picked or these
combination when you try it the handle
turns how good I will open the safe all
right
you open the seat you got all the
information now I'm gonna place this
back exactly where I found it yes you
find a packet of one-pound notes of
uh-huh and the band says 100 pounds
mm-hmm I'm not taking it anything else
on there zero six
I'll look underneath - do you think any
other house nope that is all that is in
there your Monday 100 pounds I will
close it lead the money where it was
okay your time that's it that's a solid
question is this November 24th 1906 when
was this event it's in the corner there
no it's 1924 that is it's the notation
Europeans do the day do the month in the
day Macaulay makes sense so this is
10-year oh this is the 6th of November
1924 mm-hmm it's when it was sent
okay good all right I don't think I need
why wipe things off bids leave the safe
that way I found it leave that the way
we found it
keep searching is there anything else in
the safe all that just money put it in
the part no we have our notes cuz we put
it back so we aren't gonna be oh you're
sweet oh the TEL I see yeah
carefully putting things back every
night kind of memorizing everything to
me which is a waste of perfectly nice
probably I love these sorts I love the
props they put together love the
Miskatonic they do great work they
really do let's keep searching the
filing cabinets where I might find some
correspondence you're looking for recent
letters as well to see if anything was
received or not there
so this office is boring super boring
and super clean okay other than a
hundred pounds yeah all right so there's
nothing in here let's leave it the way
we found it of course yeah I mean I
approached I've mentioned before that
I'm wearing gloves right do we hear a
fingerprint not the fingerprint it is
really a thing yet but I think I might
although that knocks yard in the 20s was
the the industry standard well here cuz
I'm gonna listen outside before stepping
out all right take a listen roll you
should do this yeah haha yeah you guys
should do that too no I feel sure it's
not a fumble
ninety-two so who has the highest listen
I'm here to thing know metagame you know
very slowly peek my head out all right
door so remember there's like a little
antechamber here you poke your head out
in that antechamber and everybody seems
fine very slowly do we have any idea
where dr. Penn Hughes office would have
been is there a larger office the main
office all right so we know that there's
reading rooms along this corner again
would probably be upstairs
all right there's that store here mm-hmm
that large office there let's try it
that's fanciful let's have a look this
is Pekin well listen the door listen at
the door first yeah well I think there
are stairs or they're gonna be coming
down the halls I'm looking for lights
assuming if they got flashlights I'm
hoping that's right we're listening at
the door to the other large room success
in my listen row actually has a hard
success not cool alright you got a hard
617 is a hard success this is are we
doing another listen listen yeah that's
another heart I got a hard scar you both
hear footsteps coming down the stairs
Oh like I'm sad and the stairway is
right here okay and you are right we
need to have towards the front
I need to get in somewhere quietly like
we shouldn't no time I'm just I'm slowly
already work are you which this door
um if they're coming by your locked and
especially if I see lights
I'm gonna go the offices light has hit
the stairway here okay I'm looking for
whatever
yes that's coming down yeah hit this way
if you start to come down this way all
the reading rooms are locked yeah didn't
go bad yeah we have to go back to where
we'd like to be in a chamber okay all
right so use into them here mm-hmm
everybody make me a stealth roll see
this is what we say view inspiration all
right I'm gonna roll that this is how we
clean it out not success now boy sorry I
was nice I'm sure it was I don't look at
that Oh whoo yeah I got a hard success
yes nicely done
whoo Thank You community for giving us
inspiration we really needed a pretty
much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the antechamber
basically yeah we're at 6 well anywhere
to hide in here no this is like an open
hallway there's like a chair so we're
like down into the end around the corner
Ringo there's nothing or no duck behind
this is mm-hmm
here guys here in this corner all right
dragons office grab Donald's elbow and
pull them into the antechamber all right
so yeah you're all in that hallway to
the north you hear footsteps and clack
clack clack clack guys whistling yeah
but it sounds like a man walking through
yeah and it sounds like it heads down
about
ten minutes later it's coming back
mm-hmm and you hear checking every door
are you gonna you're gonna she's gonna
lock up yeah just region market oh wait
it wasn't locked I'm not gonna lock not
tonight it was it wasn't locked and he
wouldn't notice that it was different so
much Chuck is far into the corner as
possible but not locking all right it
wasn't locked and that would be
different your door opens mm-hmm and a
guard walks in and there's like you're
not hiding in here just up against the
wall watch the line really still he is
so he's heading towards Gavin's office
mm-hmm-hmm so we're like pressed up
against the wall that the door is on I'm
resort something else
Oh 1212 is gonna be a card success on
luck right oh no you found ball please
tell me you fumble B we all have to
clock him at once I was I know what my
luck is I knew what I was gonna do
anyways so yeah we have to go after at
the same time not a clothesline or as
soon as I was gonna pray but I didn't
think praying was gonna work so and like
his flashlight is down because he's done
this mm-hmm so many times he liked to
nineties in the same session I had this
he opens the door and he swings the
flashlight around and you're behind the
chair I'm like trying to and because his
flashlight is low
he's watch my shoes your feet mm-hmm
throw the chair at him or so they said
whack
alright you want to throw the chair yep
you can try it hey did you choose the
least quiet because otherwise I would be
stabbing him alright you know 71 all
right so you like pick up the chair and
you sort of like shove it no no and I
mean I could probably stab him but I
don't think that's what we want with the
yeah I mean you fumbled so when you when
there's when the when the chair comes up
he just goes Oh ROG Oh reg and if we're
going to initiatives yep we have to wait
for time to get back because it's an 80
Tom what are you doing he fled so if you
tackle him oh I'll help I'm on a chair
it didn't work in he just yelled boy reg
and you're gonna form an initiative cuz
you're hired I'll run tuna Trent tackle
all right so 90s 80s 80s oh he's 80
yeah all right so this will be an
unarmed versus his dodge all right brawl
it's 27 that is a regular success oh no
you don't turn that's a regular so you
got a reg regular success oh yeah
so he dodges okay he's out of the way
you like go to crank grab him he dodges
out of the way 80s 70s 75 pcs always go
first
I don't want to stab him I want us to
happen but I don't want to stop there's
a non sharp part of the knife it's kind
of like stabbing but without the stabby
part that's called fighting brawl
someone yes I'm gonna ride I'm gonna try
to punch up and time all right
take this ya know six seven all right
you come in and yeah it's like it's
almost like fighting without knives
you're not sure what's going on yeah
it's nothing that I'm used to
what's your initiative fifty-five all
right for dramatic reasons go for it go
next
sweet okay I'm gonna try and clock him
and my name is that yeah that's a
hard success you do max damage so this
is what a d3 plus your damage bonus okay
could I have slid on my brass knuckles
tech just gonna do you okay brass
knuckles yeah you probably you knew this
was coming sure so that's a d6 plus your
damage bonus isn't it okay and my damage
bonus is nothing all right so you do six
points damage tonight I'm gonna make him
make a Conway mmm-hmm he rolls very well
you Dan and as we fade the cameras
for this week you clock him with brass
knuckles and as you clock him with brass
knuckles his jaw like splashes like
liquid oh no and I made the wrong
decision daggers are coming out now and
some of you are very familiar with the
squawking sound that you hear if only
someone was here at the crowbar and
you're not gonna be here next week oh
you can't be killed
I'll be fine oh man I gotta bring the
crowbar leave your character sheet with
me they might need some guys like ya
so that's where we're gonna leave it
until next week this was this what about
as well as I could have hoped it could
have yeah I'm very happy with this thank
you so much for way too much inspiration
thank you half thank you everybody would
you necessary hey when you break it down
to four right yes so we have more over
here and one that's actually the two so
we have six of them how many do you have
yes I have compete because onions GM
inspiration goes into the blower but I
get to keep for - no you don't that
doesn't need inspiration no we put six
into the boy got six go there okay good
and wow that's a that's got to be a
record four definitely thank you for
spending part of your weekend with us we
really appreciate it
I had a great time thanks for playing
everybody yeah so don't forget Monday
it's natural one start your week with a
critical fail Tuesday's it's the Kaos
agents not doing whatever they say
they're gonna do Wednesdays it's board
games I think it's a pandemic this week
I think so yeah I've got a bunch of
Essen stuff up there there's a really
interesting interview coming up with
some guys in Europe's RPG a group called
the dragon Legion I'd really recommend
everybody watch that it is super cool
and something that I would love to see
start here in the USA it's essentially
they're trying to create a connected
network of gamers mm-hmm it's a really
cool idea so those will be coming up and
we're back here next Saturday and I'm
sure Tom can't die cuz he's not gonna be
here are you sure you can't be here you
know it's funny you brought your backup
character because we think you could die
three months that was a band you're back
a character that now loves the party I
know
I mean I was injured just try to get it
nice with him where's like I'm sorry I'm
trying to help
it helped a tiny bit so quotes for this
time guns are a bit noisy my personal
favorite you're a monster
and come for the spice stay for the
murder yes yes yes pity we can't use
that one or our guns are a bit loud in
in the title yeah so we will see you
next Saturday and hopefully by then I
won't be quite as jet lag design now is
I'm really tired I can't imagine why
yeah yeah fine as your home so you can
get some sleep all right
goodbye internet friends I want to
freeze again and see if the Baron de
Jong no I don't think I don't think she
fell wherever she may be wherever she
[Music]
you
[Music]
