Kind: captions
Language: en
hello again Internet friends and welcome
back to quests and Cthulhu thank you for
spending part of your weekend with us we
really appreciate it
we're playing Call of Cthulhu today and
nothing I cannot emphasize this enough
nothing will probably go wrong I'm so
glad to have everybody back at the table
welcome back a very exciting to have the
Great Dane society at full strength
you'll need it yes we today we're gonna
have a giveaway amy was in Poland and
apparently when she was in Poland she
bought dice because that's what you do
you go to every game store in town I
mean so we have a beautiful set of
q-workshop
dice here that we're gonna be giving
away on this stream thomas will tell you
in the chat the word you need to put in
to these dice it's secret its secret is
that the word no it's just a secret it's
tag it's see these dice are strong
enough for a man but so we're going to
be giving out away at the break
don't forget our sponsor who doesn't
love beer actually I don't love beer but
everybody else loves beer so Gordon
Biersch we appreciate you and the work
you do to make us all make less sense
it's good and good for you you actually
don't have to work very hard that's a
fair point last but not least I want to
remind you guys we have a survey you can
find the link on quests and chaos comm
it's all about the inspiration mechanic
because frankly all the GM's are sick of
the players getting so much inspiration
so we're really hoping that this survey
will tilt in the direction of killing
more players nice help us out on behalf
of Beau and Thomas and come on Warren
you're a GM - you're a GM I am and I
like inspiration because it gets given
to me - no no you like inspiration cuz
you're a player more than I like
inspiration because because people like
seeing me and the GM seeds they give
lots of inspiration and then I can use
it to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with the players that's fine
yeah I am of the opinion that all the
inspiration should just go right into
the boy
that's all I'm so that's my Tama that's
why I think I'm hearing in that comb
that's cuz the window shut the door so
yeah that is take the survey please let
us know what you think we we listen we
listen to our community YouTube we
listen to you as well thanks so much for
your comments I'm usually in there a
couple days later checking out what
people are saying and telling you all
why you're wrong it's as well actually
moments yeah so but we really appreciate
the likes the subscribes the comments
keep them coming and keep enjoying our
trip we're having a lot of fun and we
want you to come along speaking of our
trip oh the Great Dane Society my
friends they are in lovely London and Oh
Thomas just reminded me we are 10
subscribers away from a subscriber
giveaway and the subscriber giveaway is
a Cthulhu investigator handbook and
let's be honest 10 subscribers is like a
Hefner wrong type but we are it's the
Cthulhu investigator handbook the
investment handbook is a really neat
book it is all the rules and world
information the investigator needs and
it doesn't include any of the the
gamemaster stuff so it's a really neat
way to nice give the to give the rules
and the world and the flavor and that
sort of thing to the players without
giving away the mythos part of it one of
the weird things about Call of Cthulhu
for those of you who haven't played it
as much is that a lot of people know a
whole lot about the mythos and
Lovecraft's world and so as a GM one of
the reasons that you get things like
parrot shark is because if I were to
describe the thing the way the book
describes it somebody like that's a
shame tank and I know exactly what to do
and you know and so we many GM's there's
a number of really great forums for call
a Cthulhu geum's and a lot of them
discuss how to sort of get around these
issues and this is my solution that in
my in my world you're brain is trying to
rational
is this awful thing you're seeing in
front of you and it's connecting it with
imagery that you understand to try and
come to grips with the horror that's in
front of you
and speaking of the horror that's in
front of you let's let's get to it so I
want to start actually in the lovely
hotel Pemberton yes I can was detoxing
from a day of not drinking so so yeah
you're both in the professor now has a
suite so eat you're enjoying the sweet
and and and some champagne
okay reminds me of my actual Thursday
not only was room service bought to me I
didn't get out of bed to get it there
you go
I'm going to sidle up to the door and
alright take a peek outside all right
there is a dark complexioned woman in a
she's wearing some sort of coat or cloak
and a hood and I say could I help you I
say it like that - just excellent she
like is this their room of Professor
lamb a but professor lamb yes is this
the room of Professor lamb who may I
say is calling for her really stripping
out that accent bad someone with
information to help in her quest all
right okay so I'm gonna open the door
all right Jane she's alone just
check-in you see this woman okay
and she introduces herself as want to
get the last name right surah Shafiq and
she apologizes and she says I understand
that you were given my name yesterday in
the middle of some unpleasantness hmm
yes I'm familiar with the name I'm
making sure that she's hearing
everything and being able to give me any
any Ania
I've been sigma's which might be a
please come in thank you I want to first
apologize and assure you that I had
nothing to do with what the attack on
your person yesterday's ones aren't your
guys ma'am I am a proud Egyptian my guys
if you will would be Egyptian all right
I come to you to ask your help in ending
the Egyptian murders which I'm sure
you've heard of yes yes we have heard my
people my people are being slaughtered
yeah we heard about that what have you
guys tried to do so far about it we have
cooperated with Scotland Yard this has
brought us nothing not surprised all
right
we have tried I have taken steps to arm
and to protect my people along with
others in my community there is in Soho
there is a small Egyptian district and
this is where many of the murders have
occurred and we have tried to defend my
people but it
it's like sand through the hand so do
you know the group that's attacking you
I do so you haven't been able to get to
the root to them and route them out if
you help me in America yeah
if a rich and powerful person is doing
tries to hold that person accountable
what happens nothing hmm England has
very stringent libel laws and were I to
publicly name this person I would be
held and probably jailed so what what
can me can I can I do for you
you can kill Edward Gavigan he he leads
a cult a vicious evil cult that wishes
to steal my homelands birth rights and
use the blood of my people for his
unholy rights all right I bust out I
bust out in the climb this is a bunch of
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's our Emma yeah what do
you mean we heard you were helping Silas
and quani I'm literally like using my
knife yeah
and I'm like I don't like I'm like
spotted I'm all fired up with bacon 9999
I make it did you make a heart success
out of heart success all right do you
think you were about to notice something
and then when you bust out of the closet
the professor like up in her chair and
causes a whole commotion and Zahra is
like helping you up yeah I what I don't
know what I'm sorry I don't know what
you're talking about
you were helping sons and quani in New
York I he don't know anyone in New York
does she have a British accent
she has an Egyptian accent okay which
I'm not going to yeah I'm the interest
of no as he said before anything that's
been colonized probably better yeah okay
it's like come calm down calm down it's
like she we've heard about these murders
we've heard that these think bad things
are happening to our Egyptian friends
and and so still pointing the bacon at
her I'm like what's your role in all
this you were a spice trader in New
York I'm a spice trader here in okay
London oh but they do you import to the
US no I wish that would be wonderful for
my bit no I am I import from Cairo and I
sell here mainly to the Egyptian quarter
so what's your connection to every
Gavigan he's killing my people but how
do you know unless you're in on it if
you do not mind pork has a particular
meaning in my culture that is not
positive so stick a fork in it
[Music]
I my connection to Gavigan is that I
wish vengeance for my killed for the
people he has murdered I know that he is
running a cult in his town how do you
know this I have read as I'm sure you
have I've read certain treatises and
these murders have had a certain
ritualistic bent to them I don't know if
you have talked to Scotland Yard or
learned anything about the cause of
death but there were ritualistic sigils
carved into people's foreheads there
were weapons used that are specifically
for certain rituals and the my the group
my my compatriots who were able to chase
some of these murderers got a very good
description and they were Eastern
European white men if you go to the pen
you foundation you will find that most
of Gavigan x' workers are Eastern
European white men yeah I met with the
man and that should be enough I have met
with the man is melt as well I tried to
come to terms to try to understand why
he was doing what he was doing and help
and and to make him stop and he's a
madman he did give me that vibe but I
just figured he was you know an academic
but well that's true your your you're in
academics let's back this let's back
this up a second
so how do you know about the knife in
the symbol murders a weapon and the
symbol these murders have occurred in my
neighborhood as soon as I hear about
them I come I give the families when
there are families solace but to make
the connection to the to the cult I have
as I said I am a red woman I have I have
experience with this type of literature
and I have learned a great deal about
things that a more Western palate might
not consider real but we in Egypt
understand the power of mythology so do
you have what what literature do you
currently have at your disposal I'm very
fascinated with that I tried to go to
the pen you and Foundation and get some
some information because we've been
looking into certain things and but he's
he waved his hands and said there's none
of those things yes he told you that
everything was taken by Sir abri pen you
yes yes yes anything but there might be
some things in Cairo he said oh there is
there there is much and more in Cairo
Cairo is you know I'm excited to get
there but if you have some books here
that would help a lot I
most of my study is done in Cairo mmm I
I'm not a wealthy woman and many of
these books are quite expensive the
Egyptian Museum has an impressive
collection yep yep yep sweet and if
professor Khufu
he has he has some great wisdom and some
great knowledge and then she will say
give us an introduction yeah to someone
at the professor start at the museum I
could I must admit that my my knowledge
my my introduction might not have the
weight of
[Laughter]
give you oh I just tore a page oh she
will give you let's see here the name of
a mosque aha here we go
she will also suggest that in near Cairo
is the mosque of IBN tulun IBN tu LUN
aha yes tul you in and she is given to
understand that they have a collection
of writings and also artifacts and she
has never I have never had the
privilege of of experiencing these
artifacts but I have visited the mosque
and it is it is it is a a place of great
learning alright and so again I ask you
please what can we do that what can we
do to help with them in their killers
you know I'm you know I'm looking for
artifacts I'm looking for things no I
mean I completely agree in the fact that
like what evidence do you have what
evidence do we have to support this I
mean I need to take something
substantial to the Scotland Yard I can't
just be like Oh
slow you know jump out of a closet and
be like Edward Gavigan did it like you
know a butter knife
uh yeah I thought we had established
that Scotland Yard was of no use
yeah in this regard you seemed to
indicate as much and I certainly know as
much I have experienced this firsthand
but yeah no but to her to her point we
can't just go kill some guy and then
go yeah no we hear he's part of a cult
we need to have something you can't I'm
just trying to get more gone so the
attack yesterday by those Eastern
European gentleman well the one that
they mentioned you yes yes if I was a
criminal mastermind do you think that I
would have my men shout out my name and
then come here yeah that's genius that's
more master fine that's more master
mindful than any mastermind I've ever
heard of masterminding anything I did
not follow that you didn't say
mastermind enough oh there we go all
right
so I think if you were really trying to
make us believe you know that that
something bad was happening having some
guys come kick our butt and then have
coming over here and saying hey you know
come and kick these other people's but
how do I a black Egyptian woman an
African woman how do I hire where do I
come upon the means to hire three
Eastern Europe white men that trade
usually goes the other way oh no no no
no I mean you know I know that there's
artifacts you can sell those for a price
even mercenaries will not often work for
someone like me especially in this
country got a point
but I assure you if you see me in my
community I will have men with me and
they will probably be armed and they
will be African but again I just I
implore you that we what evidence do we
have you know we everything that I have
you have it is all circumstantial and
sounds crazy sounds like we need to look
at it more though because we got info
from this guy this guy's gap contagion
is sending us you know over to Congress
he has somebody follow us and stuff we
cannot hear it out Abby I will give you
this I have had Gavigan watched one of
my one of my people has followed him and
every two weeks or so he travels to the
country to his his country house his
manner which is called miss her house
misr she doesn't spell and that writing
this down we're not gonna go there that
is where the horrible rites happen okay
very exciting that is where it so in
several of the Egyptian murder cases
there has been no body and that is
because they have taken someone while
still live to miss her house it often
coincides with fate with either the full
or new moon if this is if this is true
this right there this could this could
we could be part of bodies are great
evidence that is a terrible terrible
sentence these are people my people my
countrymen and understand she's an
investigator let her investigate I'm
here for you i investigation has been
has been it's like that's different the
time now is for vengeance I will do you
want me to pay you I will pay you
whatever I can pay you no we don't need
any extra money you can talk about that
later would be nice but we need to
find we need to find the others we need
to find the others
as you say that we do issue it to the
interior of the pen you foundation we
still have inspiration from last week
yes running is leftover from last week
so that's one for everybody and then the
good news is amy is not getting left out
because of Three Kingdoms has given us
five hundred bits although it's
technically this is supposed to go for
whoever is second on the Amy list and I
think just because of term of service I
think it's you you know I change to a
new notebook and I had didn't transfer
the Amy and I met for that's pretty
close I'm just quit rolling it
speaking of notebooks this won't read on
camera that much but this has to I have
I found this in Belgium and it has to be
my Cthulhu notebook this is in the town
my parents live in Ghent there is a
beautiful cathedral and inside is an
altarpiece that was done by yon van Eyck
and it is what is it it's called the the
Lamb of God and so they have this
notebook in a cheery mint green and
there's this lamb with this beatific
expression on its face bleeding into a
chalice and that was their pull out so I
saw this and I was like this has to be
my notebook it's so cold if you live you
have nothing says get that does yeah
it's very strange and then they're like
and then we'll put it on a pattern
the oddities of religion yeah but yeah
so I think that actually is pretty close
nine and four and then these guys I
think there's a countess there were two
Amy's last time yeah I did one of them I
think yeah at least one okay so you
first of all so again you punched the
guy yes and his jaw just liquefies and
that's our cue and your hand just gets
moving there's no resistance and
everyone's able to run like no one's
fallen over anything you try to say
there's everyone everywhere able to
excel ripped over here's the problem
with running is that where the door
let's get out the map here oh come on
parrot shark thing no it's not
instantaneous that's a like like pops I
I'm pretty terrified so stuff so you
guys but it's barred or something you
guys are in this little antechamber
right here Oh mm-hmm see through it this
little antechamber this is Gavigan z--
office there is indeed there are windows
barred and if it was barred I will uh
Crowell will tell me if they're barred
or not you asked I made my luck roll Wow
all right there you go so the the
windows are not barred so which way to
run
so yeah the the the parent shark thing
is in this doorway here you guys are
hiding in this hallway here's the office
you are in this hallway let's go to
initiatives Oh God Oh actually first of
all let's go to sand checks you did not
I checked I watched the video I remember
I said oh come on I've seen this before
we have seen this before yeah but there
were no sand check so I went back and I
watched the video to sanity and really
it's not so much I mean it is this
horrible monstrosity in front of you but
the sand check is more for the fact that
this thing is now taking up half this
hallway like this almost instantaneously
balloons into this horrible modelled you
know parrot it's got the weird like
mottled feathers of a parent but it's
got like sharp bits and there's it's got
way too many teeth it's just it's awful
and the smell the smell that assaults
you is doesn't sing easy is terrible 90s
80s brother okay alright well the
biggest bloody pair of shark I've ever
seen but we have dealt with parrot
sharks before yeah then we've actually
destroyed parrot charts but you didn't
destroy it it pretty much flew away yeah
yeah alright god that's a weird we've
been we drove it from the battlefield
[Laughter]
he's taking out his shotgun the small
area it's directly in front it's a very
large target yeah he's at Short close
range plastic Jesse not fumble and he's
gonna shoot the pair of shirt all right
do it
short range and I have inspiration that
it's a forty sevens a regular success
all right so standard success roll your
damage I think it's 2d six alright no
clothes it's 46 easy I've got two so
I'll just do it twice Barb's my mind I
have plenty
Tiana has all the nice have to pick the
right dice these two are like what's the
shot off shot got more than a bright
pink
that's a good idea man your touch would
bear the my nine damage right
so there is a deafening boom and and
feathers what kind of look like feathers
but are weirdly liquidy and drippy and
sticky yeah they're sticky
are just glass turd against the wall
along with this color that is kind of
gray but kind of green Iker just all
along the wall and you do and the three
of you make me let's call it con rolls
[Music]
all right that's a failure 83 that's a
hard success all right so he pulls out
the shotgun and you just immediately do
you two are definite all as we expect
them nice and that is gonna mean you're
gonna have disadvantage on most rolls
for at least five about five minutes of
game time so if I drag them which which
ones do we not have disadvantage on like
we'll decide that when it happens
bullying triggers by nnedi show that's
like basically you can't be especially
in the fight right now like it's you
can't be communicated with okay so that
was the 80s 70 70s all right well still
just like oh my god I'm gonna go after
it with with my knife all right
disadvantage damn damn damn down buddy
your ears are ringing
my ears are ringing this is why I use
knives I still succeeded all right oh
my god I want that true though that you
would have been nice roll your damage
all right one day four plus two for four
points of damage all right yeah so you
get really closer than you wanted to get
to this thing yeah and you come up with
a slice
and you carve through this thing and
again there's like there's like a
squelching noise that's true yeah I'll
stop describing noises and like there's
weird like you stabbed a few things in
your life and you know this has
simultaneously more resistance but less
resistance than things you know as the
knife kind of slides through it a little
too quickly and your knife comes out and
it's coated in that grey green does it
feel like when I stab the one that was
in my flat
yes yeah yeah and it lets out a squawk
when it's like so they're not responding
to run well yeah they didn't respond to
it then and I'm gonna like clear back a
little ways to have to give Donald room
to shoot again if you feel all right
mind
sure on a 60 I don't like it when people
shoot into me laying aside I can hear
are you have you you haven't gone yet
this is all you you think you hear
something in the hallway yeah I do and
if you were me I do think yeah there's
read something else now knows but I
probably yeah you you hear something in
the hallway that was 60s 50s whatever
you are yeah 55 all right they're
fighting it okay
I mean I can I'll take a swing and then
all right so you're going in with the
brass knuckles Weinstein is still there
yeah no so vana and somehow you managed
to not get shot with hey that's that's
feel good that's good
was that a hard or an extreme
just a hard okay so that's gonna be a
max damage that's so that's more damage
right yeah all right so you like you
come in like Alexandra slides in lively
and just slices and as she's coming back
you're coming forward and you're a
little bit more sort of like brawling
kind of thing and you come in and you
just go for a body blow cuz that's all
you because it's like 90 percent body I
can hit something that I think is an eye
to give myself room to with a hard
success shirt I'll give you that as we
it's a little high up so you're more
gouging at this things I that I'm you
are punching so so the brass knuckles
don't come into play so you only you're
only gonna do a d4 instead of the the DC
OD three three three
all right so you reach up and you like
gouge this things I think it's an I yeah
you got no it's it's pretty clearly an
eye and yeah you seem to get you like
get a thumb in there pretty much yeah
and there's a there's a gross sweat you
and then yeah I'm I'm getting much
further away are you running Anna can I
pull on any of them like you can yeah
yeah pull me oh all right so he holds up
two fingers and he points both of you
let's see make me spot hidden roles with
the intelligence like basic going on
that's why you're making this for others
so I wish I would know it is with
disadvantage checking there's a lot
going on right now and like your ears
are our just going like we're we're
we're I mean can I make it around the
door into the office you're in the
office now hahaha okay I'm gonna throw
myself through that window no yeah not
only are you through the office like as
you come in look right at her window I
will grab a chair there you go
okay alright that is back to the top of
the lineup that's you
rack the shotgun and put another shot
into it at close range alright good news
is you're not gonna hear this I feel
like I would feel it still much that is
its regular success alright roll your
damage yes it's still close range so 46
gonna 75 while you're doing math I'm
gonna do some math the Baroness has
1,000 bits to the players that she
tolerates 500 bits to her favorite chaos
GM its GM not DM Thomas and that
apparently is me or I'm supposed to save
this for beau I'm not sure which that's
oh the doll of the GM's on this channel
are really chaotic is the best room yes
I know it's from I mean obviously uh
damage was 15 whoa
alright so you blow a wing off this
thing yes
and it lets loose with you here in the
office yeah you hear a boom can't wait
to break that window and you know not
I'm not a full GI Joe moment but you
know since the Baroness is involved yeah
well weird thing I learned the other day
because I learn weird things is that
there are over 500 characters in the GI
Joe universe five seven of them are
female so representation that was for
you apollyon so yeah maybe a little more
work to be an even fewer of them are of
color representation yeah yeah so you
know work to be done yes the eighties
although most of the 500 came like after
the a is that sense but they are making
female green army men now so I
thought that yes cool
except that you're still calling one
green army man so there's that yeah
soldiers I guess green plastic soldier
elastic soldiers they glorified military
mmm
all right I'm just trying to think of
other ways that they're like that's the
worst thing ever I had when I was a kid
I had speak I didn't have the plastic
soldiers I had these space guys that
included this weird it looked like it
could through thing it was like a
standing on to a bipedal turtle kind of
thing with like a weird head and like
Deeley Bopper things on top and it had
the it had clot like crab claws
there were man those space those space
guys were awesome and they were like
there were weird colors they were all
like either kind of lavender or this
grayish blue or pink like those were the
three colors they have my mom my mom was
the queen of like what can I find cheap
in Chinatown - free for you for
Christmas so you know I didn't get
transformers I got transponders yes the
off-brand
I got the the going BOTS Oh No Oh close
to death parrot shark wing less sure on
a 70 75 go ahead yeah I'm gonna make
another knife attack all right yes okay
good job just a regular success okay
roll damaged no well it's sheron's after
mine for okay and then so I'd back out
so you just slide in to stab this thing
mm-hmm and as you are moving into slide
it it is turning back into a human once
again and behind it
you see Oh Edward Gavigan on the is that
upside down no no he has his hand I wish
on the guy and his hand is glowing a
blue color his Gavigan in his in his
office no he's in the hallway behind
who's he touching the parrot chart it's
raining oh he's turning the parrot shark
into a person oh and here's where it
gets funny Gavigan says something can i
read his lips I don't know what role to
give you on that sure spot hidden I like
it with this advantage let's try it all
right
[Music]
I missed it by one you do have some
inspiration yes you do and I what idea
but I should negotiate for that because
because
Alexandre can read lips because of all
the years she spent with what's his
name our little friend Jackson no not
Jackson life Francois Francois yeah you
know what I'll take it you can just
reroll reroll the Miss sure okay is
regular just not just reroll and
irregular okay that's a sickness
that's a 68 yeah but not a 98 no no pure
you know the purity the purity of people
all right so yeah you get he says he
says that's quite enough mr. Templeton
so interesting and he's like touching
the guy no I mean oh you don't need a
psychology role he's super calm like
Gavigan is not acting like pop the shark
open two more shells inside you're
loading all right in the in the office
chair smash yeah all right there is a
there you don't hear a window break it
breaks no problem you can get out if you
I was gonna god I don't know that he's
it no wait I could have heard her did I
hear him make a listen roll there's a
lot going on come on I don't want to see
me I don't want to see him yes you hear
clearly
Edward Gavigan super creepy calm voice
or after you got not three you decide
you got I know just stop with the chair
okay no wouldn't there we go alright so
yeah you you paused a second and right
after the horrible squawk you heard
somehow on a frequency that just cut
through everything right to you mmm
that's quite enough mr. temple tone oh
I'd hear that definitely can I can I
move with the instead of smash can I
move over to towards the door band sure
around the corner yes you're like ste
you've got the chair in your legs yeah
okay back to you you loaded ain't no aim
and prepare but not far yet because I
can't hear what's going on the guy in
front of you he as he's changing his arm
is not coming back
and so like is he bleeding pretty badly
should be I mean there's a lot there's a
lot of arteries in here and he like has
his hand over his arm and it sounds like
he might he's not screech he but
here's the weird thing
his face is like totally calm even
though he's like grasping at this and um
yeah alright so you're you're loading
your shotgun what are you doing i IMing
yeah sure I have my dagger my hand just
like settled into a ready crouch and
just watch waiting to see what in the
hell is going on alright I don't like
doing things if I don't know what's
going on I'm gonna clear my ear yeah
it's like how Gavigan is just smiling
calmly and
he like Templeton is now fully turned
back to human and he will look behind
him and he will say mr. mr. Simmons if
you don't mind help mr. Templeton here
and another guy will come in and will
like start to take the other guy out and
Gavigan like has a little handkerchief
and he's like cleaning his hand
Sylvie how could you are you just
staying so well
you cannot whisper like it you would be
like Sylvie oh I think I cringe
especially hard truck pop my ears a
little bit see if I can get my hearing
back I've been 54 it's not the first
time alright make me a con roll with no
disadvantage success 24 would be a hard
success okay yeah you're hearing is
starting to count is starting to clear
so but here so you like or do you know
this so like your shotgun is no longer
aimed well alright look back what are
you doing Gavigan is just standing there
and I wish I could hear better cuz I can
still have that the ringing in my ear um
I try to clear my ears give you a con
roll could yell Oh
actually yeah I'll give me nope alright
really bad Thanks Francois Gavigan will
gesture towards his office first one
through the door I mean every dayand DGM
so you're ready in action need to attack
the first thing through the door no cuz
I'm hoping the first thing I'd like my
friends running through
the windows not open he just will
gesture to his office Jim control the
knife in my hand I still have it let's
go back back into the office by myself
yeah I'm not gonna take my eyes off this
guy so they're moving much slower than
you would like and they seemed eyes they
were yeah they are looking at only one
thing is they both back through I'm
readying an action I don't think you're
gone by now cuz i stiii you you're not
in the room so I figured you're gone you
get the peripheral make spot hidden
roles
nope failed that too this will be a
surprise for everyone really just biting
my ass today and yeah you see they are
backing away and Gavigan is now in his
doorway yeah I'm as suit like not in
because that would be a weird angle
right like he's when he's a little bit
past you just come down with a chair mhm
and that's when you both see oh
sílvio like with every fiber of my being
looked like he has he somehow in that
like you know panic induced strength has
picked up like an upholstered chair I'm
over his head it's like it's like some
sort of Edwardian like you know face and
he's mr. birds oh it's just a little
under can't use inspiration yes for luck
inspiration I'm fine that's no I don't
have inspiration there you go get up
there we go
that's that's a success alright so um
you swing this chair down at him and as
it comes in about a quarter of an inch
from his body the chair just starts to
incinerate oh and like important it's
almost like why didn't you run it's
almost like a table saw or something
where it's just like mm-hmm and Gavigan
ignores you completely and goes and sits
at his death can we hear Power Move yeah
yeah you can close the door
okay so what you're saying is I still
have some of the chair here sure yeah
hmm we didn't mean for this to go the
way it went how did you mean it to go
hmm that's a good good question well we
didn't expect to find you controlling
parrot shark things I was a little
different we're looking for
correspondence and fortunately things a
little little crazy
we'd like to leave and make things I was
waiting for a turn can I actually barely
talking you're like why are you water
yeah I'm completely shocked but there's
a discussion I think that just saw it a
chair let ends be ends or things be
things are you're better at this than I
am Alexandria not really what are you
just tell me a good point actually - for
the window I'm sure - it may come make
us so I don't have to be successful
you're just like birdy Cide is it a size
role to like crush through the window
size or strange for your choice would be
the same yes I don't take sides
sure yeah nope so so you like but I get
a good racket yeah yeah so you're like
you're like blathering like engines uh
you know you're better at this and as
you say you're better at this you
serious like no I think it's a running
start
I just goes BAM right into the window
it wasn't a fumble that would have been
great you managed to not take any damage
okay but like you're like you know
you're definitely shaken and you now
notice that the windows are double pane
Wow
hey I mean I'll give it another shot as
soon as like a double pane dude I didn't
refer to think of this as a beginning
not an end a beginning right a beginning
of a partnership hmm yeah well let's
let's let's hear him out let's Ihram out
terrifying on the pimp trying people
make it through yes so so what I'm gonna
do is every every couple every minute or
so I'm gonna point at you and that'll be
[Music]
the proposition isn't elementally simple
you do something for me I do something
for you and what do you want from us
I want you to kill someone that I
consider an impediment to my goals I
understand
that you have some experience in this
field either both of you I know they're
about I know what your friend did ending
the world how do you know that hmm it's
my job to know things
you drank adeno things is that your is
that your stick I never touch alcohol it
clouds the judgment mmm so you take care
of my problem and I solve your problem
what were our problem BAE me killing you
that is a problem who is it you want
dead like seriously why why perhaps one
of you would like to open the windows
for your friend Oh
ops I care of it Sylvio hold on a second
boyo move aside is to turn the latch
just 90 degrees like this we push though
I'm calling him I'm pulling him dr.
Fineman through this is gonna be an
opposed wellesley he's trying to pull
you out do you want to be pulled out of
right you know strength versus sawdust
this honest okay and oh that's a failure
84 my size is am I using my brother
strangers friend oh because that would
be a critical success he basically
throws you through the window
and then he's out this is no we have to
get out we're on the first floor so it's
a way you're not hello we have to get
out yeah all right no you're no all
right without King throws you out the
window
Gavigan is just sort of watching all of
this boom use idli I'm kind of watching
musically as well just like I'm just
peasy looking if you like these it's not
the first time I've heard something like
that mm-hmm
you feel free to go are you the black
bear oh no no no no do you work for him
I serve that jackass the one who told
you about what happened I I disliked
pejoratives in general I've been in
America long enough I feel I feel that
mmm
civil discourse is a lost art in this
day and age
I'm just sobbing like the winner was
about like three feet up so you've like
pushes yourself in through the window
that is a fair question it's hard to
agree to anything if we don't know names
the spice merchant in quani no that's
not a problem that's the problem killing
quani hmm oh really you're happy to go
back to America I have my ways no not in
quani some local spice merchant is who
he wants at dinner yes seems small
potatoes
not really hmm she is an impediment to
me
and you have shown yourself to be a
blunt instrument of some slight
edge around the desk and comment and
come to the window like swing myself out
of it alright
because Solano is making whimpering
noise he's just standing it would be
awesome if you were the last one in like
at the window like this both of you move
come on down Alessandra hmm like swing
myself over hope you happy down you have
until the new moon that's one week
shouldn't be a problem
alright if she is dead by the new moon I
will not I will trouble you no further
if you trouble me no further hmm alright
we have some things to discuss perhaps I
don't think you do
amongst our associates which way does
which way does the window open they open
out okay I'm gonna let grab what one
side of the window and just slam it and
then try to walk away alright let's go
quickly
yeah you are not the first suit or
anything like that
alright he cut back okay son of the
Pemberton son of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yes
and there's that place some more two and
yes those are eyes you know she's given
you everything she can and she's gonna
take her leave unless I am I wasn't
gonna bring it up but I think I need to
bring up we need to know what what cult
the he's running and I'm gonna bring up
the black Pharaoh yeah I all right yeah
no yeah but I want him I want to I'm
gonna bring it up so she knows that we
know that genius I think she knows that
we know that you but you can both make a
psychology role that was on purpose
all the window still no alright
everything's fine but I love that phrase
he she she'll say yeah I have heard this
this name before and I think that is
that is who he that is the horrible
thing that he worships it is as an
Egyptian it is a a corruption and a
fouling of everything
the history the lore the mythology the
power of my people to me this black
Pharaoh is akin to the British Museum
having the the tomb of our dead Kings it
is apostasy so if you have bodyguards
and support why don't you just do it hey
I'm not a killer and be what do I look
like you travel with people who are you
I believe you have ready access to
people who are adept at killing others
okay but not adept at getting away with
that obvious point and you take that are
not you can leave London you can do this
and leave this is everything I have if I
do this it will end everything for me
even even hiring you to do this we'll
probably end everything for me so you
said that you've been watching Gavigan
and that you had him followed up
about how many people are in his cult
hmm
good question he has I have not I I have
been told that them that there has been
a a truck has gone from the pan new
foundation to miss her house loaded with
men was like 20 that would be I think
that sounds yeah 20 okay so we set the
place on fire and but mm-hmm
that truck always comes back with those
people so it could be that Miss her
house when there is not a ceremony or a
ritual miss her house could be
relatively unguarded do we come back at
any point in this Congress I know that
when didn't then she obviously can I get
direction to this location
I don't know she'll give you the ad she
knows yeah she knows the address she'll
give you the address to mr. house it is
a trek from here and it is up kind of
north east okay so the only other
question I have for her is that she she
mentioned some kind of payment and if
she thinks that you know the some of the
artifacts are you less than savvy less
than ISIL is there some kind of artifact
she'd be willing to part with maybe
anything helpful you can keep whatever
you find with Gavigan I'm sure he has
horrible horrible things that I want no
part of okay I mean either they can but
you you mentioned something about you
know paying us maybe possibly and I was
just wondering if there were any
artifacts in your possession or that you
knew about that would qualify as such of
a payment for us so that's something you
don't scratch your back scratch my back
the suffering of my people that is that
is a bad thing and I and I feel for you
I hear about at the same point at the
same point we didn't say something about
maybe yeah
I'm fascinated and interested with
artifacts you are a spice trader correct
yes would you I can give you all the
cumin you wish actually we have plenty
food I have noticed of what kind of
spices Nick and if one word is saying oh
I don't know need to get out of town
real quick like you'd be able to
potentially travel for us in
undocumented terms and ways and means
hmm perhaps I believe I could do this
okay
I believe I could do this it yes yes
luggage we get out alive I have not
attempted this with live humans a lot of
people non-africans
okay hmm
but at least it was a live human yes
this this I can do all right I I will
love I'll take them mm-hmm and your
generosity moves me oh I have one other
questions do we we were following up
with Gavin and Aubrey Penn you write
those no nose somebody help me out here
ivory pink you is that dead yeah yeah so
we think yeah yes
probably not during your time tracking
Gavigan what I'll repent Hugh has
traveled to around the world doesn't
agree Viet that enough stuff are they in
on it or are they just practice oh the
other Carlisle people yeah the Carlo
I spoke with the with mr. Carlisle years
ago when he was when he came to London
before he went to before he went to
Cairo I as you noticed I have some skill
in expediting travel and items to Egypt
and mr. Carlisle was very interested in
my knowledge in that area and also in
possibly finding local contacts and I
helped him out somewhat there but I did
not get the sense that Gavigan Gavin
hood was connected to them he didn't
help the Carlisle expedition ok mr.
Cardoza Carlisle seem to have King
Solomon's mine and not I mean this is a
complicated answer for me because
Carlisle wished to rob my country of its
birthright and ancestry but to the
extent that that can be seen as a noble
goal yes
his he seemed trustworthy I need five
seconds to find the name oh she was the
African woman that Carlisle was hanging
around so I just just dropped the name
yeah just know who did you hook him up
with in Egypt and did you ever put him
in touch with a woman named Bonet no the
gold digger was already with him spicy
talk nice
the woman Bonet was a charlatan and she
I according to the according to the the
media reports afterwards she ran
off with most of the money from the
expedition I tried to warn him about her
I've seen many people like her in my
time do you have any idea where she
might be found I don't know she heard
her accent seemed Kenyan okay the name
that I gave mr. Carlisle was an antique
dealer in Cairo
um ladies if you will excuse me I know
you've been very helpful
I think that one way or the other we're
I'm not a size she she's like I know a
few and I might be willing about she's
like struggling with the calendar is
there that that's soon and as you said
that's the next time he usually takes
people out to the 1/2 mr. help mr. house
for rituals so know one way or another I
feel something about Apple she'll give
you the address of her shop ok Coco
it is Empire spices yeah it is Empire
spices and and it st. yeah it's in Soho
and she says you know if you need
anything please feel free to contact and
now thanks for coming over and and and
and letting us know more about this it's
it is troubling
it is very troubling of course I was um
I was shocked and saddened to hear that
my name was being used in such a manner
by that man I'm glad I actually met you
and we're able to talk to you makes me
feel better about it it it is nice to
get the measure of people face-to-face
you can both make psychology roles that
means fine yeah she will take her
leave okay the rest of us use that yeah
so about there's no skill set I can to
figure out anything that kind of man I'm
just dumb about an hour and a half later
these three shell-shocked
bruised up your shoulder is just throw
out five shots of whiskey right don't
like just did they open the door Mau
beggin virus wispy this is what I needed
okay it's wispy apparently we're in
trouble yes my pass my get out of one
don't need to buy Edward Gavigan you saw
some of us he saw all three of us it
would pick you through the window he
knew you were there and you tried to hit
him with a chair well that's interesting
he seemed to ignore that right so
starting started from the beginning we
broke into the penny foundation like you
do every pound we found out about a
house called mr. house mr. house that it
seemed to be important it's very
important yes fantastic how does she
know this
you can't we have a story for you after
we hear yours continue all fellow blanks
continue sir
grabbed a suitcase we just keep packing
it's fine you pay mister League and pack
is late whatever okay to go box pack a
snack we were we heard people coming
down the stairs and we were hiding in
Hedwig Africans antechamber and they
found us yeah short parrot thing
ensued how many just one and then after
we pretty much what a killed of them
saying we had it he took his wing it
took its wing off it was good you want
to try the wings at one time I think
it's still got a bit of the wing on me
but but IRA Gavigan was there and he was
standing behind the person and he
reached out and touched it and turned it
from a shirt a pair of shark thing back
into it okay happened skin on me you you
have nothing on you now it's all gone
oh well as interesting as that guards
face after he changed back it was like
using a trance I don't think the guards
but necessarily what are ok with
becoming pirate sharks now it may be
something the Gavigan is doing some sir
magic thing that he does turn the
Anquan a like were the zombies zombies
that's it oh there's a shot of whiskey
lined up yeah you're running around like
a chicken so we have we have a story for
you as well let's finish this more
continue Gavigan talks to us in his
office right calm like nothing ever
happened like we didn't regard like we
weren't there illegally museum and it
just offers us a deal okay and oddly
enough this fellow wants us to kill
someone for him like he can't do it
himself interesting cuz he's got the
pair of sharks Yeah right so it's very
interesting he wants us to kill Zara so
any enemy of my enemy is very much
because she's an impediment to him enemy
of my enemy right so as our as a helpful
person so we should be talking to her
well so we did actually talk to her
today what yes yeah she's looking for us
okay tell us your story
so it sounds more interesting than ours
move on to the next suitcase careful
with that we had a knock on the door and
it was Zara which I was at first a
little this that's the guy's head Zara
centre door yeah I hid in the closet
like you do with my breakfast well I
didn't be closeted with my breakfast cuz
I couldn't leave it out that might be
the name of the next but so she she had
a proposition for us so she actually
came in the guise of asking for our help
to solve the Egyptian murders wait wait
she wants you to kill us gonna kill
every Gavigan right right that's pretty
fun I don't think we can no he's got
some sort of magic protection on his
unruly my Terrace I'm sort of like
shield around him he tried to hit him
with a chair and it like split like it
was a joke is this is this your bathrobe
where's this the hotel's credit here
right again too sweet
this week I like it packaged I'm not
entirely sure that we can kill him I
didn't try a night but if I was able to
take out I mean it was I'm sure it was
like a little wooden chair it was like
an armchair but I feel like some more
research might help us because so the
mr. house according to Zara Zara I
spelled that completely wrong
bah RA yes I was like Zee IRA so
according to Zara that is essentially
where he has his rituals hmm they he
does it what at the full at the full
moon yet the full or the more the new or
the new moon whichever interesting
because he he wants us to kill her by
the new moon which could she could be
also being problematic so she's been
following him and so from what I
understand there's usually a truck of
gentleman probably shark parrot bird but
guys that goes to this house they
perform the rituals there and then the
truckful comes back so they are only at
the house at the new and the full moon
which means that potentially there is
something at the house that we could
potentially used to destroy him do you
he's gonna he's like the disciple of the
black eyed peek out of the bathroom she
did confirm that she confirmed that as
well he mentioned that he worked he
works for the Block Pharaoh I asked him
if he was is he good did you ask him
that that's my question
not dying so but he knew what we did
Emma what which part of what we did
because I do a lot well I don't know I'm
just scared at work but if he thinks our
is such an impediment since she must
have something that we could use right
did she say that there was any way to
kill him no she didn't she said she's
done a lot of research but she doesn't
have the kind of access to research that
we would necessarily have or the people
who would have the necessary skills all
right so here's
that's she said you know and she's given
us some helpful information
she's also taken it upon herself to try
and arrange an expeditious flight out of
here for us silvano that's that's your
account yeah I'm on top of that already
we don't know but if we leave before we
do a leave no how exactly I mean if we
especially if we have stubs for things
beforehand then yeah yeah that is a
great plan you should buy some fake
flame thank God fake train tickets and
we didn't know the name of his cult
could we research that cult to see if
there's more history on them like what
they do or how they operate so the royal
library or the British Museum are
possible places Museum I can I can tell
you that they've been dormant for about
a century
apparently when we asked her for proof
she was like you have does anybody here
speak Arabic yes make an Arabic rule for
an Arabic yeah so did mr. sounds Arabic
yeah word miss er sounds Arabic okay I
wish we knew someone else's spoke Arabic
I think it's British all right mr. is
pig latin okay wait so she because I
originally asked her for evidence you
know because you should be killing
people them take them to the police call
the police and say hey I've got some guy
breaking into my house I know help me
help me and the Scotland Yard and that's
how well has that ever gone for us we've
never tried it I don't just she talked
to Scotland Yard and they wouldn't they
couldn't deal with it
we've tried dealing with the police what
a way to kill him
hey what we need is a word I didn't hear
I didn't hear that much and now I don't
if there's not a way to kill him I don't
want to go back to packing okay okay um
okay so you make the soaps and the
shampoos too
okay I'm just saying it's kind of I'm
just grabbing stuff well here's here's
my thought and I'm just gonna spit ball
here for a second you say that the mr.
house is where he goes to perform these
racial sills in the logical sense that
he would perform the rituals there would
be ritual stuff there there potentially
could be and again it was very
apparently inappropriate of me to
mention dead bodies there that we could
point the police to his evidence to
arrest them and that okay that's one
thing but also or zombies well judging
from what we have picked up there may be
something there because America that was
a shield like something I've never seen
before every must I don't he was
surrounded by a magical shield thing
that when he hit him with the chair
turned it into firewood if we knew the
name of that ritual and how it's done
perhaps there's a way to undo it maybe I
can go to the library in the museum and
see if I can find anything else empty
fire we just burned the whole thing down
there may be something in this house
great that we can destroy that will take
away the protection from him but he went
directly with the black Pharaoh or
pretty damn close because he knew what
we did with the crowbar no one knows
that except us and him and most your
travelling companions I keep hearing
about this crowbar and I keep useful
yeah robe are never far from hand I'm
just saying
eventually the words gonna get out I'll
be famous I know yeah that's right I
ended the world so that being the case
there may be something in that that we
can destroy I'm not even his protection
why don't we look to some research of
the house into the cult and into this
fellow then once we have the research we
could make a better plan we have we have
seven days yep you can also talk to
Sahara again you know I know where she
is I think that
if we do speak to her in order to keep
us out of further danger speak to our
undercover or disguise roles yeah I know
yeah proxy because obviously if Gavigan
wants her dead and see this going after
her your deal's off with him I walk into
her store like I'm casing the place
which is what I do I was I was actually
just thinking okay same that we would
act as we were if she wear a mark got it
but I maybe drop a note I don't think
I'll get some good wigs this time are
known for their wigs - I don't want to
take it too far
cuz spice must flow you don't want to
stay so no I do think it's a good idea I
would I would like to talk to Sarah and
see if she knows anything about I like
if she knows anything about perhaps a
ritual you know who would know who
might live here who might know about a
ritual just saying oh we already ran
into yeah I was specific one of us one
of us needs to go with you B so she
doesn't think that you're coming after
her
do we I don't know what do you think I
mean look you guys aren't included in
the Gavigan deal if he sees me worse one
of his people sees me going in there and
I'm looking like I'm casing the place
you know and you know act as I would but
you were talking about trying to talk to
her so okay you have to know things okay
in the meantime casually talking about
it so it is late it's 1:00 or 2:00 in
the morning on the first I'm going I'm
gonna go get some sleep before I do
anything else so tomorrow it sounds like
it's gonna be a research day
that's good that's okay I think we're
gonna take that break so type of these
dice type a thing that Thomas will tell
you to type maybe he's gonna tell me
what it is here it gets hashtag chaos
and
hashtag chaos so in therefore these cool
dice
I just noticed they have on each number
they've got like little dots inside
that's neat it's like a sigil and so for
these great q-workshop dice put it in
hashtag chaos and we will be back as
soon as five people can use one bathroom
it's like my choice you're not gonna pee
is what you're saying is I'm famous for
it yeah it's my one skill and with the
pictures for
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
welcome back everybody we are and it is
now the morning of February 2nd Monday
the 2nd and I am gonna give these dice
I'm just gonna hand them right through
the screen it's like anybody remember as
CTV oh yes
3d house of beef the 3d House of
Pancakes dr. tongues 3 after this I
should spank these tights are headed to
winter Nightingale it spelled with no
eyes beard there's no eyes and why just
yeah well sometimes why all right so
today I sigh understand it it's gonna be
a big research day so let's that's may
be nice so just for some organization
what are what are the things that you
what are your sort of main topics of
research sounds like miss her house yep
mister house links and then also I mean
really the cult of the black fares we
could talk to Zara or you guys could
talk to Zara I just want to know how to
kill a tree Gavin yeah we would like to
thanks that's not been the priority for
I will I will point out that I have fake
passports for all of us resources yeah
there's a but to the wigs thing wait
wait wait tweets you remember my my
costume I'm used to you slip that
briefly I have a lot of things in mind
in my resources so you don't need to go
buy wigs I have wings you can just
curate the way I do
it's very fake big to keep - a plane
tickets I'm sorry that's four days no
yeah goodbye those that would be why
can't I get them also get a chain chain
plane tickets do you train to train
tickets where are you taking the train
choo-choo train to Cairo is a tough ride
Orient Express sir the Orient Express is
the height of luxury sanity every day
you're on the train oh nice Oh every day
you're off the train is a nightmare
so we never leave the train there you go
but if I am gonna read books was the
follow-up on the advance your luxury
they have a reading that's a good
priority shifts they have quite a bar
but getting some more I learned about
the Orient Express train there it won't
be the Orient Express but it'll be fun
nobody should have fake train tickets
like just like we're leaving tickets
like somewhere yeah that would be me or
who cares it's yeah there I mean they're
gonna be actual train tickets you just
might not use them exactly and then we
all need to figure out what so where it
where are we going so that we can tell
people we're going there wait okay which
direction is the mr. house mr. house is
northeast brightness like San Francisco
when you think of the beach it's pretty
crappy beach so you know London is kind
of down on the South East bit of England
the misser house is about 50 kilometers
northeast so a little bit up the coast
around Hardwick and Colchester most of
the rest of the country is Northwest so
so what so get a drink at a train ticket
to somewhere going Northwest so that
people aren't thinking we're going into
the mr. house okay
Liverpool pools right there it's here
it's lovely this time here I've got a
hole in me pocket all right so all right
so you're researching mr. house you're
researching co2 the black Pharaohs I am
researching wizards that cannot be
killed and how to peel them like more
evil sort like it's just I'm going
simple no like I needed wrap my head
like no all right Wow okay where are
you gonna go to the the main like the
Royal Library where you can house the
tomes of wizards in the British Museum
babies can be heavy research into like
mythology and folklore where where I
mean where do I think probably so like
really info clocks furred orbit into a
wig store is also the Royal University
has a library in London that has a
folklore department and stuff like that
so that might be that sounds good a
place to check I don't want to go see
somebody lady Fortuna is that what her
name is for tuna tuna that fortune yeah
did you ever go I did anybody ever go to
her flat
I'm not sure you ever cheated that's
where it was yeah okay sure yeah you can
go to that place I want to go with you
okay wait and full stop I want to go
with you
well let me visit the Tsar because I are
then okay start there because if we
can't get the answers discreetly that we
want on
this guy that's my only other option
that's to you go visit her see if she
has any other information in bars how to
get another spell to dispel his spell
are we gonna go out to Soho and take a
look at any of the places where people
have been abducted from the terraces are
in Soho so we we could my my thought on
that though is that a group of five
we're gonna go down the Egyptian area is
going to look yeah yeah that always well
okay I just that's just the only only
only thing nothing bad happens at the
Museum yeah that's a safe place for you
yeah library sounded very good what was
the guy's name what was the guy's name
that threw the party that Brett went to
in our game your that's not a bad idea
but would we have known of him so no in
that case so you go to the the the Royal
the Royal University's library okay and
you go up to the poor person in the
reading room this is Rachel's job by the
way which Bancroft in at a fine library
in the UC system can I get in there and
just be like excuse me do you have any
childhood wizards and how to kill them
point you I think I've brought this up
on here before straight to but do they
have in this library they have these
things called the tab Tunis papyri
mmm-hmm that are these papyri they found
in Egypt in you know and they haven't
been fully translated and they found
them inside mummified crocodiles and
era that I was an exhibit right now
translation yes they brought about
traditional funding you know the
Bancroft library thanks you but yes
there's currently an exhibit Rachel if
it's not if it's not in there anymore
let me say something in the comments but
let's know the best time for a field
trip we need to go do I still haven't
gotten my tour but I think the exhibit
doesn't like they're not actually out
there it's like an exhibit about them
yes I don't want to oversell you know
still you're gonna like sit on a
mummified crocodile yes you actually
like pretend to be the librarian we go
to roleplay oh yeah that's right she's
good with a gimbal now alright so you go
the worst like I'm researching for a
book I've been I'm like very explicit
well you've come to the right place so
if the cover blew we happen to have
quite a few books so in the story that
I'm writing it's about an evil wizard
specifically evil that uses spells of
protection which I assume are horrible
and evil and I'm looking into if there's
any folklore or historical evidence of
that sort of thing well I love
librarians they may be a library whose
role oh eight oh that's a critical
success right
why well sir let me you you seem like
a learner gentleman and a an upstanding
author does he have a twitch from
like everything that happened
I'm like not blinking you by the way
what aren't I going to let us know if
you want I can let Amy roll these a few
times for you oh good point maybe
someone else should roll it mixed with
my dirty laundry oh my I actually threw
a bunch away so I could fit more games
in you bring the crappy stuff because
you know that you know you're gonna need
to make space
I had three three full suitcases all of
them almost exactly at 23 so Wow okay so
you just on the way there you just
didn't do the pack a suitcase in a
suitcase together yeah we did there yeah
we had not only that so we had two big
suitcases and we packed carry-ons inside
but then when we were in Germany with
Rachel's friends we swapped one of the
carry ons for a full another full sized
suitcase so we had three full size
suitcases and one carry-on it was really
fun rolling those through the train
station winter Nightingale would like
you to roll these dice do your library
you like alright so yes of course let me
show you to our
mythology and fantasy section really and
he'll take you to a small section with
like all of these books that are pretty
old-looking that's a little subcase look
at Wow they were hermetically sealed
yeah they were
now the seal has been broken yep no
they're gonna get destroyed and he's
like I don't know what I can't recommend
a specific book in this section but I
think you would find something here okay
a voice a voice that in my head sounds a
lot like Jeremy Irons says oh but I
might and there is a man a Matt a big ol
corpulent bald kind of sweaty man
wearing a robe oh I trust I trust this
first eye and come to you are in a
section that I am very interested in hmm
these you recognize this working with
Emma you recognise the smell of alcohol
on breath and there the there is a lot
of alcohol when it's yours you don't
notice 20 no your intro that's what it's
too late yeah this guy is he's he's
enjoyed some beverages and it's 9:30 in
the morning it's really early five
o'clock somewhere so yeah I go into
detail like you know so if if a dark
sorcerer had a field that could see like
got a chair into pieces as it was being
swung at him hmm well then I'm not even
batting an eye he just kept walking in
library that I'm right is some powerful
magic hmm you might be interested in and
the library guys left at this primary
you you could perhaps be interested
chapter 7 of this book details some very
interesting possible dispelling magics
and artifices
it turns out the breast milk of virgins
mmm you're gonna roll for oxymoron right
there yeah yeah no I've just you might
also be interested in this tome pages
200 to 225 they detail rituals that can
be used to damage someone over a great
distance and may I invite you tonight
I'm having a party at my house oh there
might be people trying to I might not be
available oh you've been to my parties
before no well then you should come oh
you should trust me you will not be
available in the finest possible manner
what's your appearance I'm not in a wig
right now 65 all right yeah cuz he is
Aleister Crowley and that door swings
all the way no the doors just open well
I mean Oh like what's what's where oh I
I'm just so confused he pulls out a card
a heavily perfumed card that has his
that it says Aleister Crowley master
magician that book mark chapter 7
actually I'm sorry he would not say
magician it says master wizard oh okay
the pre-party has already started
oh yeah I caught that hmm I have to I
have to be these now of course it was so
nice meeting you mr. oh mr. Costa
silvano Costa silver fauna continental I
do so love Italian food it's pretty it's
pretty good I do sincerely hope that I
see you and please bring friends oh good
or better yet bring enemies could would
you be able if if if another wizard
showed up and could you a wizard no no
but the the this is never mind I look
forward to hearing this story no never
mind never mind
well very well I hope that I will see
you tonight and perhaps tomorrow I'll
see what I can do mm-hmm thank you and
he'll like your thought yeah he
literally like he you know he's he sort
of flounces off in robes
mm-hmm like he never turns around he
so yeah you you can read these books and
it's gonna take most of the day to read
they're in English which I'm a bit of a
spent so you're gonna from so the first
one details dispelling things that are
good for dispelling and it turns out
that he was highlighting the more
salacious parts of it but actually milk
in general is
a very good a very good dispelling item
yep
so like evaporator to condense would be
more powerful that does not the book
does not go into this I'm pretty sure
the book predates evaporator a condensed
milk so can I read kind of holy water
dispenser I coulda sworn I asked for one
at one point and sure sure yeah no that
totally fills in your with you you know
you got one unlike a trip to a trip to
Rome once they just gave you one Vatican
cue is like it's also a watch I'm
assuming there's like rituals or stuff
and below the rituals are in this the
first book is talking about like not so
much rituals as like things that have a
dispelling effect so milk tends to have
a very strong dispelling effect
especially fresh animals milk like not
not how free danced would not okay the
blood of whoever's doing something is
also a very strong dispelling we could
get that and then there's a number of
herbs that are listed sort of depending
on like if it's a curse these herbs if
it's a you know there's not there's
nothing that's like if you want to
pierce than invulnerable shield here's
cilantro is is good for is good for
becoming invisible cool there it does
seem like mistletoe has some kind of
piercing capability okay although does
bring people close they could it could
all it's the book also hypothesis that
hypothesis it's a word now
I'm inaccurate the book the book also
suggests that that could just be a
bastardization of the Balder myth yeah
but the kitchen sink at this guy I need
some of his blood and then the second
one yes there are rituals these rituals
tend to involve protective circles so
like if you make a circle and and
someone intercept charms that are on
them will be dispelled or will be made
ineffectual most of these are made with
lime lym e not not the fruit making like
a choice both to be sad and the remember
margaritas later I mean a lime margarita
would not be it's very dry yeah that
would not be convenient do they have
anything on like they're actually nose
into talismans and rubbing those with
lime too so any make me I'm gonna make
yes all right
make sure to check it off yep yeah you
find a section in a book that gives you
a it so this feels like this is it feels
like this is sort of the text that has
been sent through Google Translate to
Japanese back to English to Norwegian to
English so this is like the five times
removed this is not like here's the
actual ritual but it describes making a
protective device called an elder sign
oh I have to make one of these and again
and again this description is you know
super vague and kind of not but you you
thinking I'm taking notes and that
writing and all the things like could be
this try this sure so yeah that is that
is your that's an I can run this all by
crowley tonight it's true it's true oh
I'm just saying are you playing true to
your Sandra and it's two points lower
every session I'm pretty sure I'm not
playing to my fan because well so the
trick with Whaley to Sam yes yes yes
brick define some five in four ting like
anything low Sam is totally relative to
you so like your character might have
like a twenty sand but they feel fully
you know they know the true yeah but
when you bacon in your hand
yeah well I'm insanity right so you know
so like when you have a twenty sand you
know your normal until you get tweaked
and then it's a lot you're a lot faster
to just be like nope just a joke yeah
got you that sort of thing okay so so
yeah that is most of your day is doing
this research and that sort of thing
what are you researching I was
actually gonna research more about the
black Pharaoh okay and where are you are
you going to the British Museum are you
gonna go to the British Museum
okay I figured that they would have some
some good stuff sure make me a library
use role use yes I need it
alright go ahead and check that off you
did you make a hard success no okay so
you will get you find this is an
Egyptian cult that purports to worship
purported it's all in the past tense
purported to worship a lost a figure
lost to antiquity in Egypt's past a
dynastic Pharaoh who was erased from all
and let's see what else will you get
with that let's give you you also find
that making a cult role no don't do it
it's a it's a trap trap I did it though
so I can't know all right so you there's
you some you find some illusions to the
idea that the black Pharaoh is one the
cult of the black Pharaoh is sort of one
aspect of a multi multi facet maybe or
just of different organizations that are
kind of you know have different takes on
the same thing and and and the book
seems to suggest there could be some
faction ality in there in front
yeah if they're safe there's something
about that the other thing that you'll
get with that is that it is believed
that the cult that you know the cult
died out in the early 1800s and there
hasn't been proof of its existence sense
and I will give you because it's
ridiculously obvious the symbol of the
was it on here yeah that's that one
scream there we go it's that one gotcha
gotcha gotcha
you have no idea what the other ones are
yeah we know what the asterisks in the
person in the parenthesis yeah right
yeah that's what it looks like to me all
right so do I do okay
I can equate that with you know like the
demon worship where I see the cross has
upside down oh yeah yeah cuz a symbol of
life so yeah so I it's the same kind of
thing so that's that's something that I
would oh and the the book also says that
the the membership of the cult is
exclusively Egyptian the members are
only allowed to be Egyptian hmm oh that
just one part of the facet or is it just
that's just well that's a different book
so the factional one was a different
book you can make that rule so that was
like segmented but in the book that was
talking about the cold black Pharaoh the
one that's sort of being very officious
yeah the the straighter one I gotcha
gotcha gotcha
in honor of Crowley anything else you
wanted to research there and then you
know if I could look anything if there's
anything about the mr. house there
because that sounded like a thing so
I'll go ahead and give you because you
know as you say it aloud miss ER is
Egypt in Arabic ah and make me a library
the a manner called miss ur house that
is in a an area called
walton-on-the-naze in AZ e and the nays
is a is a a river or a like a canal
basically and you you find ya in the
library you find a book called greens
estates of England from you know about
1870 and it mentions a mansion named
Longview
on the nays in Essex the passage states
it was built in the 16th century during
the reign of Queen Elizabeth the first
and features a secret room which hid
Catholic priests during Elizabeth's
religious purges okay and that's what
you're gonna get are you you guys are
going to Zoras
are you researching anything do the ones
who are part of me wants to go see the
lady Fortuna oh right you were gonna do
that I'm going to like it and I would go
with you so I could wait and I could go
get the plans for the missile house okay
so you'll find that plans for the
missile house would be at a county level
yeah so you'd need to go to Essex
basically which is you know a several
hour train trip you could do that
it's about mm-hmm
precious little time and you need to be
here it's about from from London it's
about a about a four-hour train ride we
could I'm not gonna do that because I
would wait for all of us to go okay and
then we would do the research before we
went that's right I mean if you want
to go see her by yourself and not and
not waste a day you certainly can you
could also you when you're looking for
the records you will get a little bit
about they tell you that the previous
owner let's see when did he pass over
here the previous owner was never led a
about 13 years ago okay and did it say
who the transfer deed is to Edward
Gavigan okay then
if I do have marked and Gavigan bought
it he bought it from Neville Lloyd price
then if I do have additional time I
would go see the redheaded due to the I
would go research at the and the scoop
yeah I was like Mickey Mahoney is happy
to see ya what do you do in this book
for a while it's lovely to see again
last how can I we're looking into the
Egyptian murders that's a great story
mm-hmm so who was your lead investigator
on that what well Jackson but I mean
besides Jackson was he sharing all of
his information with you or yes yes and
then I I mean I punched his stories up a
little bit mm-hmm
so we're did you guys find anything
whatever your similarities I mean let's
just cut to the chase here
what who do you think did it and then
I'm like I've missed you yeah let's see
what words there is the assumption was
there some similarities with all what
was the one common thread with all the
murders beaten and stabbed to the heart
well yeah yeah so many bodies well
they're nobody there were a number of
bodies that were taken in by Scotland
Yard inspector Barrington would probably
have more information in terms of
inherent in terms of the victims and
that sort of thing mmm let's see God
learned he was doing a good job with the
investigation well I mean Barrington is
you know he's he's a little - a
little - straight narrow for my liking
but he's a good cop I think he's trying
yeah
the other he'll give you the following
stuff in terms of most 19 murders 17 of
the dead were Egyptians okay and and and
he'll also it'll say that you know they
were all beaten around the head yeah and
and then stabbed with through the heart
with one pierce mm-hmm and so did the
the inspectors say what the cause of
death was where they when they were
stabbed in the heart were they already
dead or no it was the it was the yeah I
mean well I mean there were none of it
was good for him don't know was there
anything unusual about the bodies when
they were found great check oh I I
wouldn't know that
I mean I'm sure that if there were you
know I guess you're trying to suggest
maybe there were some markings or
something like that if that was true
Scotland Yard would know they're not
releasing any photos okay
and you know I think the bodies have
been in pretty bad shape because they're
not you know when we get there by the
time the press gets there everything's
yeah I mean I just you know who do you
think did it I mean do you have an idea
do you think it was somebody who was
Egyptian or do you think it's somebody
who hates Egyptian I mean well I'll tell
you that Jackson thought it was a cult
they thought it was a cult of the blue
Pharaoh something interesting he thought
it was a cult and he was he was doing
some digging around Soho and he visited
he visited a club the blue pyramid Club
yeah that's the one I do write things
down occasionally and what's the nature
of this club
well it's Club you know you can well
have a drink sorry I'm oh I understand
got it understand I'm from your have to
pardon me I'm from the new world I don't
understand the concept of men's clubs
and things no it's not a men's club it's
I mean it's I think it's mainly Egypt in
Egypt Egyptian club but it's a dinner
club get a drink have some dinner maybe
have a show mm-hmm
um do you I've never been well
neither do I I mean I'm assuming it
would be something that would be locally
for the people who live in that
neighborhood not necessarily probably
yeah you know for a visitor to come it
would stick out possibly yeah although
who doesn't enjoy a good belly dancing
show you know that I'm sure they get
they get some people for that yeah the
tips I'm sure are amazing I mean I think
all the parts are pretty great I was
like he's not gonna bite no I'm not
gonna do it never rent do what I was
gonna ask him out to go out with me
tonight and go to the blue Pharaoh Club
do I go to Crowley's party yes
I'm so torn convinced that he's gonna
well you're not there no I'm not but but
I'm gonna give a pitch I'm gonna throw
it out there so yeah maybe we should go
check it out one night what's your
appearance
ah seventy oh wow I'd like that very
much exactly you're it's exactly no oh
you're one of those yeah I mean you're a
lovely young lady and I'd very I'd be
very happy to make sure that you who are
we're safely escorted to the blue
pyramid Club that'd be fantastic
yep oh I'll send a letter whatever
lovely that's lovely
all right thank you I shall count on it
okay get out of there it's call right
and are you now gonna try and go - fine
- to Belle's flat I don't know I made em
it's up to you if you want to go by
yourself
that seems always the worst idea we
would know what she can do
yeah now split the party already split
man I'm just gonna go to church all
right I like to do what other country
kits in Nam you know it's fun going to a
Catholic Church in England it's it's all
smaller than you're used to
I was grandiose no nose no nose no
nothing no it's pretty it's it's a it's
a it's a very different experience but
so this is where I pick up any supplies
I might need sure so like if you had to
touch that holy water screen water
sprinkler this is where I pick one up a
little incense
hey we don't we have when we're not
using so you can have all the sensors
you want so if I hit somebody with that
is that wrong I probably okay hmm
the it's it's it's probably silver so
you know mm-hmm it might real silver
yeah you got a nice one the Vatican gave
it to you come on now okay I thought
okay
they're a nice silver one yeah the
vampires I mean but silver is you know
and werewolves you guys really wish
there were you know some steel under the
silver yeah
alright so that's that's what you're
doing alright so you two are going to
Empire spider yes yes so this is the
Call of Cthulhu equivalent of pulling
out the battle map no it's nothing
foundation we got there we go tag mug so
Empire spices is a two-story walk-up in
Soho it is on Water Street and it is
it's it you know it looks like store on
the bottom house on top pretty standard
the store you guys are this is not the
first time you've chased anything the
store is about a third of the first
storey
mm-hmm there is a back door on an alley
and there are two back windows on the
second floor as well alright let's look
at the whole building first before we go
inside so we would do yeah so we're
gonna circle around and right the first
floor is there are no only windows in
the storefront there are no other
windows the second floor only has
windows on the front and back it's not a
row house so there's not there's
actually a little gated access way that
goes to the back yard on the side of the
building so like that is and then here's
the backyard there's a back door here's
the front there's the store I'm
delighted this is the first time I've
seen this map we're in new territory so
yeah you had a first-time breaking
[Laughter]
so yeah you you guys case the outside
pretty well mm-hmm
both you make spot hidden roles all
right yes
that's not field I made it regular
success regular everything's fine damn
it the one time I actually make
something you still get a check I
already have a check okay I'll give you
this you feel like you feel like there
are there's very inconspicuous security
okay like you feel like there are people
watching watching us yeah Donald there's
no so there's a few people watching us
it's to be expected especially well
let's not do anything crazy I've just
got the front door and let's not do
anything that's actually the name of the
all right so yeah you walk in and Sarah
is at the it's it's a much it's much
larger than the than the other Spice
Shop you've experienced you have and
Zara is she's essentially behind this
counter she's grinding something in a
mortar
there are unlike so the juju house was
not a spice shop
it just it was a shop that happened to
have spices this is a spice shop so do I
get overwhelmed yes the smell in here is
amazing inside the darkness there are
aromatic teas there are all these
different spices it is it is a an
assault in the best possible way on your
nose all right so after I've taken a
pause to just inhale every
oh I'm gonna walk up walk into the
counter okay both of you makes potty
didn't roll I'm not gonna the counter
just yet okay wander around the store a
little bit like I'm looking at things
then you have disadvantage on this role
there's a spot hidden yep I got a hard
success hard success all right
I failed 71 you you catch her like
she is surprised she reckons she's
surprised to see you hmm and recognized
as made her she recognized Donald she or
is it well I mean it's probably you
can't tell if it's both of you or what
but she reacts and then she like
controls that reaction but not before
you catch it okay can I help you I'll
wander slowly oh yeah here ah yes hi I
wanted to him to have a look at your
spices what are you grinding up if I may
ask she looks around I'm I want to make
sure there's no one like listenings I'm
being as there's no you guys are the
only people in the store that's and it's
clear she was looking around to see that
you were the only people in the store
mm-hmm
and and she'll just say well this is
saffron I hope that's very hard to come
across it's it's wonderful mm-hmm it's
mmm have you come here to accept my
offer I have come here to talk to you
about your offer
si si is there somewhere a little more
very well and she'll go and she'll pull
the curtain down on the door mm-hm and
she'll flip the lot by latch
and she will take you back here into her
kitchen and she'll she'll pour you each
a cup of tea she'll make tea and she'll
pour you each a cup does it smell like
any tea that I'm familiar with its yes
yeah it smells like it smells like a
really fragrant fragrant spice it smells
like a very very fragrant spice tea let
that sit for a bit always this is what
we're talking I'm like holding it in my
hands
February in London it yes yes right so I
understand that you have designs on
Edward Gaffigan I'm I've learned the
American way of being fairly blunt our
cards on the table I will I would argue
you're not being blunt enough I want you
to kill Edward Gavigan let me Gavin
wants us to kill you now between the two
you talked to Gavigan yes not
intentionally you survived talking to
Gaffigan yes interesting evening Gavigan
appears to us to be a very difficult
person to dispatch he has some sort of
magical ritual to protects him how did
you survive talking to Gaffigan because
he wanted us to kill you and so you let
us go he gave us one week to do so until
the new moon we have one week to
dispatch him before he dispatches us uh
you're both yeah both of you would both
stuff fail yeah seven I'm seven over I
just want to remind you you have
inspiration
to use it also you could push this roll
ooh
no remember pushing a roll and losing my
voice yes Portland she is reaching under
the table a dagger no no no in my house
you draw a weapon Alexandra but it's put
in my house go leave I have nothing to
say to you Zahra do you want our help or
what you talked to Gavigan and you tell
me you want to kill me you go leave my
house I have nothing to say to people
that draw knives on me hold on for the
love of God we want to dispatch him we
need your help to dispense this shield
he has how do we get through it how do
we undo his magic why should I trust you
if you help us do his will dispatch him
for you we'll be doing this for you he
controls some important creatures that
we have dealt with before and I have no
trust for him I have no desire to work
with him I've no desire to kill you less
than no desire for God's sake and yet
you draw ya blade because you were
reaching under the table I don't trust
people who do that I haven't drawn any
weapons here listen you want him dead we
want him dead where there's an alliance
here we can make help us we'll take care
of him for you but tell us how to do it
he happens to think that you're some
sort of very large and pediments or
whatever it is he's doing which means
you're powerful you have something he
can't deal with my power is mundane my
power is organizing my community and
arming my community apparently powerful
enough the considers you a serious and
pettite there's something more here if
that was all it was he could dispatch
you himself why would he need to hire us
to do it or threatening he's threatened
us to do it either we do it or he kills
us so we wanted why did you take higher
he said he threatened us it was a deal
he made either he kills us or we take
care of you it give us one week to do so
but if he's dead before that we have we
one week to solve this problem all of us
want this problem solved I trust
Gaffigan about as far as I can throw him
we don't yeah we don't trust him he may
try to kill us regardless in fact you
probably will so we want to take care of
him and get out of this country and your
compatriots agree with you on this your
compatriots allowed you to come here and
draw a weapon on me
I think you're over-exaggerating the
whole knife thing this she plays with
[Laughter]
that's a good point
look I'm sorry her hands stay under the
table I'm sorry I am very twitchy after
last night we nearly died in the penny
foundation
and I still don't know why you didn't
I'm very curious about that as well he
thinks that we can be useful to him and
I would really prefer to not be useful
the manor the manor is the key what do
you mean by that
I mean his house his house is where he
does his rituals when he's doing his
rituals he's vulnerable
but I imagine when he does the rituals
he's gonna have the whole group
assembled there together he will not
have any of his power what do you mean
you've seen his power is all of his
power than focused on the ritual when he
yes he that ritual one of my men was
following him one of my men witnessed
that ritual that man is now his mind is
shattered we've seen some things that
would shatter minds I understand but
what did he tell you he said that the
sky tore open and that a pyramid
know I'm assuming a pyramid do enough
Gavigan uses some sort of books or tomes
or whatnot for these rituals if he does
they're at miss her house and any items
would also be there to the ritual items
right do you know what sort of ritual it
is I I don't I don't know these things I
know that as I said when he when he is
doing those so we have tried to kill
Gavigan how why what have you done
that's failed so we don't repeat the
same mistakes rifles from very far away
well it leads me kind of it but but my
men noticed and this man before his mind
shattered the plan was to fire on him to
try and kill him during the ritual
because he had noticed that that shield
was gone when a Gavigan started the
unfortunately ritual is on the full moon
the new moon the new moon that's a week
from today well six days now and there's
nothing that you know of that we can do
here before that I mean I I don't I have
not found any way to you have probably
surmised that many these so-called
Egyptian murders are vengeance are
Gavigan trying to suppress my attempts
to kill him is that why they're
ritualistic style killings to tell you
yes but also he has taken many of my
people and ripped they're done horrible
unspeak I can only imagine what
he does to them when he takes them to
that place do you know what did your man
tell you where the place was where the
ritual takes place where exactly in the
building it was it must have been
outdoors because he did he never entered
the building he was trying to take a
shot from outside he was found wandering
in the woods
two days later is there any way that we
could talk to him sometimes that
sometimes Ravens tell us the more than
you think
I can arrange that I would appreciate
thank you I have one other requested is
there any way that you personally could
leave the country for perhaps eight nine
days then we can't obviously go about
whatever he wants us to do if you're not
here you'll be safe I'm I don't this is
my life this is my business but I don't
have the money to a boat for a week
perhaps you'll be safe and we can't
possibly cause dude the term privilege
in the 1920s this would come I can't
afford to go somewhere for a week and
not have my shop run we could afford
that we could buy her a ticket what if
we could get you the money to secure
your safety for just one week would you
be willing I can always go to Cairo
those are lovely shoes the Egyptian
murders the ones that inspector
Barrington is chasing down the ones that
they know of our seventeen Egyptians and
to British people do you know who the
British people were and why they would
have been killed that way
um they were my first attempt to hire
someone to kill Gavigan make sense it
didn't go well those murders could be us
we need to be very careful we'll be in
touch perhaps by correspondence we won't
come here again personally and I do
think that if you see us again it won't
be us you know what I mean no there
might be a trick that he plays
everything again it won't be you
something looks like us you know what
I'm saying we personally should not come
down here again
should I see members of your group it
will not be you - that's correct unless
you see us when we go and talk to your
friend because we do need to do that we
do she'll give you his at the address
he's he's he's with his family it is
it's actually quite close by because you
know there's not this is a neighborhood
and it's a tiny little flat so you you
can go there we would like if you could
first notify the family of our visit
before we are she writes a note in
Arabic and hands it to you thank you as
well we're here I truly appreciate your
help I'm sorry again we apologize for a
misunderstanding
well thank you for the service that you
are going to provide my people it is you
will change lives I don't like saying a
little guy get down we are the littlest
all right let's let's exit so you go to
it is the Faisal family Faisal what's
name-o guy's name is Abdul a B de L
Abdul Abdul fights all and you know the
note as soon as the note comes the the
the mother this is like a you know she's
in her 70s probably if we have another
simply situation I'm out
no she barely speaks English but she
just she says welcome welcome welcome
and then she reads the note and she
beckons you and brings you into a room
where a battered shell of a man is tied
to a bed oh goodness
and he he's kind of just he just lies
there but every 15-20 seconds every
muscle on his body tenses and he pulls
against the ropes is there a chair in
the room sure I'm gonna pull up a chair
and just sit in just sit next to the bed
and just watch okay do either of you
speak Arabic I'll stand back and okay no
he is he is raving in Arabic he'll say
he'll he'll every once in a while he
will say we'll just babble something
does he say the same things like over
and over again
yeah is there any way that we can get
the mother to write down what he's
saying so we can get it translated sure
yeah sure she's very sad about him
writing this down
but she'll write it down in Arabic yeah
okay and she'll give you you know a
little bit of it and you know the whole
time she's like confuse it confused so
she's not sure what she's writing she's
kind of like it's it's it's nonsense
Skyler but it may be nonsense that's
useful so I'm just gonna sit and listen
and watch okay a couple of hours all
right it is not riveting television nope
but it's not like I've had never had
boring stakeouts before it is it is a
there the pattern remains of just I
don't think we're gonna do much Aris we
should come back with someone a good
interpret
we can get this what he's saying what
she wrote down interpreted that's let's
leave and thank them let's let's let's
it out okay
the mother like prepared to has a meal
prepared oh good and like serves you
like hummus tabbouleh a bunch of just
this these meatballs kofta she she makes
you a full meal and she's and there's
tea so we'll take her hospitality and
thank you very much if we come back
again we can get pretty good gift or
something absolutely alright alright so
that's that's sort of the day for for
most people so you all come back
alright so yeah you guys come back to
the Pemberton before I did that I just
wanted to pick up like a little gift
sure you you pick up like a little like
a rock or a crystal no sure yeah that's
him you find that labradorite and it's
good for anxiety I'm like I don't know
what that is bro
yeah you're just like a rock yeah this
is pretty whatever put it in sure yeah
you find you find something and you go
to that address yep and oh you know I
was with me
no I'm waiting for them to come back so
this would be in the evening yeah so
this is the evening alright alright so
you two are gonna head out
yeah all right Oh before we leave though
I'm gonna give her the pin that the
paper with Arabic on it be an Arabic
rule and gay and then give her the
information of yeah well nobody learned
about it oh yeah alright sigh me ahead
all right no problem
alright so sorry go ahead so the Arabic
and the third thing he says is the the
the gate opens so before I go when I
return from picking up a gift I'd sent a
letter and basically requesting an
appointment this evening okay 9014 there
was no response to the letter which is
fine
yeah did you sign the letter mm-hmm no
nope
so just yep I mean I don't an Eric
person number kind of I mean I feel it
would be inappropriate to put money with
it's good send a fiver yeah I would say
I'll send as much as I'll send what I
would consider a lot of money all right
it's all weird money anyway and and so
this note just says I'm a person that
would like to yes I'm seeing your advice
discuss important matters outside the
realm of what would you British way
outside the outside the realm of mundane
and or any like need advice okay but not
yet again no sign or anything okay never
I will come to you tonight yeah there's
no response to the letter okay didn't
expect it so you're gonna go over there
this evening of course okay let's do
this okay I need I need
Ami's dye to see what okay so
speaking of which is there somebody
who's following us you can both make
spot hidden rules I got to I see it
Wow
I'm giving these dice I'm sorry only
until she's rolled all the good oh yeah
that's right yeah it's a reverse Amy all
right so yeah you there is no one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
you are certain cool that no one is
following you well see if we can find
bells and I'm and I've told her that I
made I made the glitch they even better
with an O - someone is following you now
what do they look like it's lady Jezebel
I remember okay
all right and is she dressed if she just
dressed as usual yeah although she's
wearing like a dark cloak okay okay so I
act like I everything's cool and go to
her place of work or whatever okay she
visits where she takes clients yeah and
I would have told you about her reacting
to the the breakfast before black magic
comment so she is sort of following at a
distance and watching you and if you get
there and there's no answer at her door
I'm really shocking mm-hmm so I'm going
to take the gift that I had bought for
her mm-hmm put it like wrap it in a
little piece of paper shove it in her
little door thing and then on our way
there did we see a place where we could
like hang out or wait with a no - sure
okay you don't mean just go to a coffee
shop yeah so you want to you want a
place where you can see her go in yeah
sure no problem exactly
and yeah sure enough she will come up
and she will she appears to have lost
track of you after that and so she goes
into her flat okay and do I see like the
lights come on you don't mean something
okay except I don't need to whisper okay
so yeah you go and read about yeah and
yeah Lady Jezebel answers the door here
she is four foot ten dynamite
yeah did she look like she's actually
expecting us no in fact she looks really
surprised to see the two of you oh good
evening I'm sorry I I'd sent him I'd
sent a letter requesting a reading this
evening you didn't sign it Emma I just
assumed you'd know it was from us no way
I tried really hard I really really
tried hard so she put a lot of effort
I'm sober like the word it had the word
mundane in it well somebody help me with
that okay let's be real
can we come in yeah I'm gonna leave us
on the street actually I could use a
drink of course of course
awesome okay she she has some pungent
tea brewing okay seriously but what else
do you have you may remember that lady
Jezebel never drank you don't even have
a guest
alcohol guest alcohol I don't okay but
this tea will open your minds to the
spirit realm look at it and sniff it
suspiciously yeah it smells terrible I'm
gonna put the tea down and just give her
a huge hug and be like I don't need to
be open to the spirit realm the spilitt
sister and I like from the hug polar by
the shoulders back and be like what I
really need is some protection from this
extremely bad wizard who is literally
untouchable he will not stop he is
unstoppable and we cannot get him and he
will not leave us alone do you have a
lock of his hair
yeah we couldn't get close enough to he
wouldn't when a friend of ours tried to
hit him with a very large chair he cut
it like some sort of aura around him
he's like living knife living living
table saw
I got problems I'm just mixing up
metaphors all she will she'll hold out
her arms
they're just scars up and down her arms
and she'll go you know what my magic is
I know and I give her my arms and say I
we are in such dire straits that I'm
will this help blood magic always helps
but it's far too late for breakfast
it's call-out for I don't know how to
teach but you do is so innate that you
don't know how you do it but even an
amulet something I mean what do I what
happens if I get a lock of his hair well
then we're in business
okay here's what you do you get a lock
of his hair and I put it in a cup and
then I bleed into the cup mm-hmm and
then I wish ill on him and I drink the
cup and bad things happen to him yeah
but I can't do that is there anything
else of his that that might have an
effect on him if say we were able to get
well I mean if you had some of his semen
whoa mm-hmm he's not my type
um I I mean I work with blood
you know I need bodily fluids or
something that has a connection a direct
physical connection oh if you had a
finger
if then if I think enough to cut a
finger yeah well look here okay what
about something for us protection for us
do you remember the last time we had
protection no no it went great
no it didn't we were able to be tracked
that way oh I remember that very
differently dropped them in the ocean
you don't remember that yeah okay there
were there were these blood amulets that
she made that were that Wizards could
find that like specifically in quantity
was able to track us that way yeah oh I
just remember sprinkling holy like
flicking milk all over the place that's
all there forever
that was a while ago that was back in
the Cheesecake dude that's a call back
yeah she will so she won't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I
could make you more of those amulets and
if no one's looking for her this time
mm-hmm it's risky but I also I mean
from what you described like I don't
know his magic but if I were doing magic
and I were trying to keep something that
powerful going all the time it would be
impossible that heist
it has to be a short-term thing mm-hmm
how short-term how long could you keep
up something like that I mean I don't
have that much blood and I don't have
anything like that but I mean unless
it's either an item that gives him this
power in which case that item has to be
if I can get it empowered somehow or
it's his own some ability of his own and
I mean I don't think he could do that
do you think that he's possessed by the
black Pharaoh he said that I asked you
not me I was hurried I was very direct
and asked if he was the black arrow and
he laughed but he hears the black fire
do you guys want to go to a party of
course we do
who is there alcohol there huh there's
everything there kind of a party bells
well it's really kind of an orgy
oh not really but possibly so the
most powerful wizard I know is throwing
a party well he always throws a party
okay but I'm going cool you know what do
you think you'd help us I mean I see the
sort of person who would be interested
by something very weird
oh yes well then we should go yeah for
sure so are you guys gonna go back first
are you gonna go straight to the party
no we should go back because I first of
all want my sprinkler holy water of
I'm just too loaded with any magical
nonsense all right all right
so Bell's is a little disappointed okay
that way and that you're going somewhere
before the party does this approach but
I don't even know what I'm wearing is
this appropriate she goes hold on I'll
show you what I'm wearing okay
and she comes back a little later and
she's old she's just got the cloak and
that's it of course this is my shocked
face I'm going okay so you're saying I'm
overdressed I'm sure it's fine okay not
for long
I can always just get a jar and put them
put the put that whatever blood of
whatever in it let's just go
let's do you know what's almost as good
as blood magic mmm sex magic I've called
it I'm sure it hurts a bit less to not
if you do it right we can't just leave
the others behind well we could they're
others yeah yeah that's that's where we
were going
he's what's his name the tall dumb
guy is he there which one Oh Jackson
wait what
Jax Elias no the police guy kind of
looked like Jackson Elias knave no no
he's not with us
oh you haven't picked him up in this
version what does that mean I have no
idea you're talking about no we are not
travelling with David McGillicuddy I
would say if we yeah I was like if you
take us to the party I'll tell you all
the kinds of crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that happened
like drugs in her or mind lady below
your mind Oh blow your mind have you
ever done cocaine no what is that
mom do this partying
alright so she's gonna go are you guys
gettin done okay are you going back to
them alright yeah we should all right
yeah let's shoot so you will not see her
at the part like like okay she has
disappeared into whatever she's a
writhing mass of who knows what
okay so you guys are all back together
it's about eleven o'clock drinking time
I met a wizard Shh and he invited us to
a party I also know we're not quite a
wizard us to a party I think it's time
to get our party clothes on but first
look it and I pick up all my notes on
protection and I spread all the circles
that I've particularly my best clothes
yeah
like that that's a yeah there's there's
I think the protective rituals circles
sigils I think that's the way to go
so how do you make those well so the the
stuff I found was kind of vague except
for the circles the circles aren't
aren't too hard I have no idea if they
work okay I can be on a circle circle of
like what's the sign you've made there's
several that have like different
markings and stuff the elder sign is
actually a stone a small stone that this
of that corner yeah with a funny story
yeah well but then I also tell them I'll
show them about the the symbol the
upside-down oh yeah yeah
what's that yeah that's the the cult
symbol so we should be looking on the
lookout for that oh so we don't want we
don't know okay you want to turn that
the other way man yes it was just
thinking about the and and we're ever
gonna tell them about Zara and what we
found out what she told us yeah cuz I'm
assuming this is a ride out of town so
yeah yeah
oh no no Crowley has a mansion yeah I
mean yeah it's a so it's got like he's
got a no he doesn't he doesn't believe
in parties far away okay yeah if you
have a almost wizard she's a psychic she
does it's just do you think organic
magic if you think we could run these
things by I'm you could mean you matter
come on oh do you remember the lady who
did the reading in my room the horrible
gypsy fortune I think came out was a BU
she's not horrible well it was a
horrible
the reading was yes what's cuz you're a
horrible person no it's because somebody
said what wants to talk to us nope don't
do that in the spirit world that would
be me shut the door
we know her she's she's the JIT she's
the real deal mister going to help us
well in her way though she got to help
us looking at these yeah it's not love
any notes any feedback - I blame to us
is that she would be the one that would
have to do it because none of us are
wizards or magicians great so she'll do
it then well well but she would need to
have something of Gaviganst his water
is semen well I was totally up to you -
100 % not going to participate we could
get his blood but we booted that's yeah
what about God that's the man has to get
a haircut he has to shave and he has a
house which he does these things out in
the bathroom I mean with a sink and my
creamer why not you'd find the hair and
cut himself in this one the shield is
burst I don't I don't know if that would
work I don't know if I don't know this
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I mean hair from his bathtub I'm
actually a bit of blue I think this
party is gonna be horrible he's gonna be
amazing cuz you know what I'm gonna do
I'm also packing all of my money and
well not all of that seems like a great
idea
cuz I'm gonna find somebody who I'm
gonna find another wizard to kill a
wizard Oh where's your mercenaries we're
gonna have a wizard dot on the middle of
London Aleister Crowley party will tell
you there a wizard all coked out of
there
this one has a car yeah let's just go to
this party and see what happened alright
so this is a this is a beautiful mansion
in the richest part oh I brought all my
notes there you put it on like my best
you are at the door there is a doorman
who doesn't care if he doesn't ask about
invitations or anything like that but
each of you are presented with a mask
it's just a plain black mask
oh this is good I like this oh I hope
he's not wearing one of these because
we're not gonna be able to tell no he's
pretty he won't wear a mask either big
man flouncing around and so once you've
put on the masks the doorman rushers you
in and you are in a a large foyer and
about a third of the foia is taken up by
Aleister Crowley who is who is grieving
everyone who comes in personally he
immediately envelops you in a massive
very weird smelling hug and oh and and
he says I am so glad you came yeah I
brought I brought some notes that you
brought friends of you has the highest
appearance so we wearing masks this one
I've got a 70 anybody else
NAT 40 40 45 and a 40 buddy we're all 40
soon
[Laughter]
GTL watches and laundry I do not want to
offending you hard
New Jersey viewers so no offense no
offense so yeah he he will he'll fawn
attention on each of you he wants to
know your name he wants to know he want
weirdly he asks your favorite color what
my dear professor is your favorite color
purple and your mask is purple
and you you delicious hunk of man she's
already took purple let me guess let me
guess your favorite color and he goes
and you could all see his mask now looks
like aleister crowley's fitted like his
are the eyes or Aleister Crowley that's
was a good trick amazing you I am a fan
of the Opera and I recall your work it's
been a fair time since I've been there
but yes yes I hear yes that you're now a
baritone more of a jazz singer these
days there's a detest jazz yes Wow an
insipid medium unfortunately it's about
all my voice is good for these days
nothing modern is good hmm except this
and like as he says that a waiter is
walking by with a plate of cocaine I'm
assuming is still a is legal issue not
not in America at the time
no probably not but I mean he says this
while not technically modern the we the
production the the refinement of it is a
modern practice and it might be the one
modern thing that I
you know I still take a horse-carriage
everywhere do you hmm you don't see this
very often anymore
it's a shame well I am nothing if not
about affectation excuse me mm-hmm
what is your favorite color dark is it
white no it started should be why would
your mask is white and you Irishman
let me guess your favorite color is the
gold of the Sun at 5:37 p.m. reflected
on the tower of st. Basil's clothes I
was gonna say revenge but that one as
well
revenge is a lovely color a much deeper
red very much and like yours is now like
suits you thank you sir mmm I'm so glad
you're here please my mansion is yours
make of it what you will thank you for
[Laughter]
like a flower I could have it yeah him
about I make the stupidest decision does
he have a library yeah yeah I have a
library got my hand full of notes oh I
may have to go with you let me Oh let me
see those smart and with an ass like
that oh these are quite good thank you
I've not seen someone so able to
transcribe for Mataji before amazing
what you can do in your life depends
upon for a book and what would you do
for a book research no that's what you
do with them come let me try and lead
you astray and he will like take your
arm and he will flounce off towards the
library see you tomorrow
so yeah you are jealous you can go I
mean you can follow your so there are
sections of this party that are almost
normal mm-hmm and then there are the
other parts of the party that are less
fun yeah very far from normal there are
you know pretty much whatever you're
into you can find here is everybody
wearing a mask
yes okay and they're all different
colors I'm gonna take mine off and like
tap off the excess cocaine actually now
cocaine
you know put a little bit in my gum that
way you don't get a thing so yeah you
can you can find I mean there are I mean
he has a library but they're also like
his study has tons of books in it and
maps and all sorts of stuff you can if
you want to do research here you can
there is every room somehow is falls the
wrong word every room has ambient
chamber music and yet you cannot find
the quartet anywhere Wow
but like every room you're in has you
know like when you're at a restaurant
and you can almost hear the music that's
playing yes like that's kind of what
happens in every room Wow Donal will go
to the bar
alright there are several bars nearest
bar yeah the nearest bar so it turns out
that the various bars are serving
different things and the one closest to
the entrance is absinthe this next bar
dangerous the next the next bar is
serving weird cocktails with a bottle
with an elephant on it I'll keep looking
for another bar that's nice so there's
no there's nowhere to get like beer yeah
some simple hard liquor whiskey we so
everything here is weird mixed drinks
interesting you like this character it's
all like lick liqueurs you've never
heard of or like ones you've heard of
that you only know that you should avoid
mm-hmm
I'm going to find somewhere that's that
I'm actually gonna go to the mo with the
elephant okay cocktail and get and get
one of those and wander with it in my
hand you find the one that you're the
most comfortable with is weirdly won
they set on fire that I could try yeah
there's like a there's like so yeah the
drink it shows up in front of you
flaming and just you
all right so yeah you're at your you're
getting lubricated I'm hanging close to
Donald okay as this is way out of my
element I'm gonna look for any sort of
Egyptian type style room I'm sure
there's gotta be yeah everywhere yes
just so something that reminds me of
endless night I mean infinite night in
the sky with a pyramid alright so so
there's a room that has the wallpaper is
like a scene it's like a nightscape of
Egypt of looking towards the Valley of
the Kings
so like the wallpaper all the way around
the room is as if you were standing at a
point and looking over at the pyramids
and they're sort of in front of the
desert somewhere yeah what else is the
room about like is that is there
anything there are yeah there are some
there are some like Egyptian things that
seem to you like bric-a-brac but
somebody who you know like if you were
there you could maybe make can I make it
yeah either appraisal or archaeology a
pre might accept either of those
appraisal mature I'll try it
well I'm wandering around I want to see
if I can find any of Myles Shipley's
painting ish I got a hard hard success
all right yes so remember at the at the
pin you foundation the the stuff that
was there was purposefully dull yes so
this is purposely audacious this is like
it's still meaning just as yeah it's
still just as meaningless but this is
like purposely a purposely audacious
it's like you know the more it's like a
lot of like like disco but European
Egyptians yeah they're yeah that's good
way to put it any chance would Yusef
be at this party yeah oh no there's no
chance Austin birth come on you would
love this some more of the occult stuff
because I know he's he's gonna go deep
diving but Sampson is open and some
of that some of the you know this guy's
doesn't seem to know about the occult so
I was thinking you know if study or
someplace else where it's so you ain't
nope well alright so even without a role
there's just stuff everywhere
yeah you know you're like oh that's a
you know that is the that is you know a
village of the head of you know a
something from a Mesopotamian myth you
know and it's just this house is just
like everywhere you turn there's some
thing so it's just as we're walking
around we don't see the upside down or
we don't you don't see the no you don't
see any of these of these symbols no
okay
no there's no that and I I do my if I
can spot any of like mild Shipley's
paintings maybe tucked off in a dark
corner somewhere you don't see any of
those there would not be any sort of
that would not be something you'd want
to find eleven do I see yes word Shipley
or not you I'm sorry McGann Edwards
Gavigan those no this is not you do not
see Gavigan okay what were you what
was that a role for it's a spot hidden a
human being was it a spot was it a hard
success probably yes it was
definitely a hard success extreme
because that was an extreme success
she got eleven I mean it's fine if he's
not in there I just want to know with
certainty that he's not that he's not
there all right yeah you are sure that
he is not there I mean unless he's there
yeah things are gonna happen no no he
but you were definitely debating
something else there this is not Gavigan
scene okay get some of the college I was
trying to decide yeah so you know
I'll just let you know that I was trying
to decide if sera would be there but
she's had enough sign dude you know
she's had enough that's camera time okay
so so you you at some point you are
traipsing about the party and you are
separated from everyone and and a
gentleman in a black mask like
super but like like super dark black in
will come up behind you and will and
will say who are you are you friends
and do you think that Crowley will help
you
helped me to be here what are you
talking about the the gentleman will sit
down mm-hmm oh no he's one of mine you
let me show you and he reaches to take
off the mask and when he takes off the
mask the void of space is where the mask
was make me a power roll all right
you are transfixed drawn into the void
that is that was his face and and he
says let me show you and you are you
recognize like in your head you're your
head is going like a million miles just
your ear and you are instantly
transported to what you are sure is
ancient Egypt you're like looking around
going like that you know that symbol was
only used at this time and that sort of
thing and this is gosh when was it the
third dynasty I appreciate his ability
to find anything in that book and you so
yeah you're like pegging it and you
see a massive black pyramid and standing
before it is a pharaoh whose skin is
black as night and just like looks like
stone and he looks right at you you're
miles away but he looks right at you and
he's and he says this was only the
beginning
and he snaps his fingers and as he snaps
his fingers you somehow see at the very
top of the pyramid there are there's a
platform and on this platform are four
people okay and I mean this to in no way
diminish their sacrifice but who they
are is not important you don't recognize
them okay and these four people as he
snaps his fingers their throats are slit
and the blood pours down out of them
onto this pyramid and somehow this
pyramid that is stories and stories tall
is covered in the blood of these four
people and meanwhile their bodies are in
front of you shriveling and just like
disappearing in a utterly unscientific
way and the pyramid remains that red
color and just like that you're back at
the party and there and you're sitting
at a table with an elderly gentleman
alright I do not you lose for sanity we
can inspire that you know you can inside
that you've got plenty of we have we
have the inspiration do you really want
boss you want to inspire it yeah let's
do it let's try it destroy the two yards
this will be even better yeah I did not
make it it wasn't a knee me she wasn't a
baby
better alright so yeah you lose for
sanity yeah and this poor old guy like
is very very surprised when you suddenly
like lurch to your feet and like stumble
away yeah and he's like I gotta find the
rest of him so that was a no then and
you're just like yeah you now start
stumbling through and like every like
the masks at this party now terrify you
you're just like everywhere you go
you're like somebody in a mass so much
you know afraid there I take it off
that's true yeah I started yelling for
you guys alright
everybody make a listen roll I'm sure I
mean it cuz these dice are awesome you
might not get those dice alright so make
sure you check it off if you got it
so you yeah you all here Oh everyone but
I I missed it but someone grabbed me by
the baby elbow and point me please um
you have so you've been separated
actually that's so your and your subside
ready to but you still hear this so
you hear her
the professor is just like anybody
Donald so Joe we're gonna end with you
and Aleister Crowley tonight you can go
wrong
so Kali brings you into the library okay
and he starts pulling down books thank
God and and he pulls down and he's like
it's around here somewhere
oh there it is and he pulls a book and
it clicks and the wall goes oh dear God
he's come okay and you are in a as you
go in the door the wall closes behind
you and you're in a room there's like
one red light bulb above it the room is
entirely red and and he and he says this
is where I keep the scrolls and he takes
you to a rack and the rack has a bunch
of just rolled up Scrolls that bit the
library of Gondor and he he's like ah
yes this this is the ritual to create an
elder sign the elder sign is the most
powerful protective symbol you can have
what what would you want in exchange for
it
I am an honest man and I am a a man of
extreme appetites I admit but I accept
if someone does not share my appetites
and so I ask my friend would you share a
night with me no it's a perfectly
acceptable answer not not if you're
asking what I think you're asking why am
oh I assure Who I am
well my friend I understand I offer this
to you as a gift
thank you my only request is that it not
leave this room this room is protected
you may study it here I will see that
you are not disturbed thank you I'm in
your debt in a sense I try to navigate
in a strictly platonic same yes
in what sense in a platonic sense all
and and so as you say in a platonic
sense
Crowley like his head jerks and his eyes
turned black freeze so nothing happens
to me because that's what happens if you
don't move fairly and and Crowley the
thing that is sort of Crowley says it
you should leave here
you should leave England you should go
home
this is no place for you all that
follows is death death to you yes
but death to those you care about Rosen
yeah you kind of so you you somewhat
shatter the the the unperturbed facade
and he's like just holding still I'm
doing my best not to blink right right
yeah no you will you have done a very a
very good job of mm-hmm so broken
already let me help you and he reaches
up and he touches your forehead and
where he touches your forehead mm-hmm
well
then I guess you won't mind if I take
this to remember you by and he will
reach into your hair yank no I'll react
to that okay I know enough about all of
this I know yeah so what are you gonna
do oh like if he's reaching for my hair
like I'll SWAT him away at all just do I
have the scroll does he have the school
you have the scroll okay yeah I jump
back okay there's it's not a big room
but yeah you jump back make me a dice
roll make me a dodge roll well it's not
a fumble I would like to use yes good
job
yes oh that is oh nice yes not in
critical you easily skip away like as
the hand like in your hair you're like
and you are on the other side of the
room and as you do that the black
disappears and Crowley sort of goes hmm
huh I either need more cocaine or less
I'm not sure oh I think you need more
protective magic for this room well that
is not the answer I was expecting please
you can stay here and study I'm going to
go and corrupt best of luck he shows
you how to get out okay there's like a
lever good and I think that is where
we're gonna end it with some I think
nothing can go wrong with this this is
Crowley party their reputation hmm so
thank you so much for for sticking
around and for your likes your
subscribes or comments all that stuff we
really enjoy it thanks you guys this was
fun had a really good time that if I let
see quotes for this time I like to add
mr. burns okay I hid in the closet with
my breakfast eggs are the priority mmm I
think the episode title let's not do
anything crazy
that's good I'm still trying to piece
together if you see us again it won't be
us yes Lissa that was a good one too
and so we will we'll pick up next
Saturday with the with the surely not
not sad dregs of the party of the late
night and some people have learned some
awful things and some people are gonna
learn some even more awful things
oh boy sure I'm in the clear now I mean
you know the good news is your your you
know where you're gonna be in six days
yep yeah yep
well probably in a shootout with the
dirt yeah there that seems fine and that
seems fine it seems like it to you get a
good high-powered rifle show no I say it
every time but I'm gonna say it again
check out all of our shows Monday it's
natural 1 start your week off with a
critical fail Tuesday it's the Kaos
agents who I mean
they're just not gonna do what they
should be doing that's Wednesday's we've
been streaming board games I think it's
gonna be Arkham Horror the LCG this
Wednesday stay tuned for more
information on that and then we're back
here Saturday for more with the great
day in society that's a that's a rich
full week why go outside you can just do
this come on I mean that's mine that's
my so thanks so much again and we will
you
