Aleister Crowley offered to he gave you some books
that will give you some forbidden
knowledge and hopefully teach you a
right to make elder signs which are what
Aleister Crowley party you are stuck in
a study not stuck you could get out any
time but you are in a hidden study
reading forbidden books you have been
freaked out by a visit from who knows
what it and mr. Knight I don't know and
the three of you have had various small
hijinks but for the most part you're
just kind of either enjoying or very
uncomfortable by the general scene
around you depending on I was yelling
yeah the the end was the professor is in
the foyer guys with a knife and looking
exactly how that would I'm finding games
until someone loses an eye on stream
come on it's time for bloodsport this is
yeah the next gauntlet is gonna be
Thunderdome nobody wants to watch a slap
fight among standing but like who would
win in an all quests in chaos were born
and I think would yeah no you wouldn't
participate that's true I think it come
down to pit between me and Bell cos we
both have combat training
well his is Ken Delbert I mean money on
Nick and Aaron for sure there's an old
joke about anyone who says they have
combat training is usually the first to
go yeah that joke has made a lot in the
Navy because they get crappy combat
training but they hate like all the real
branches of the military I lived on a
database
my sister is a Navy veteran and she
agrees with you
she wouldn't train it also terrifies me
every time I went to the Navy come to
the cafeteria thing and they'd be like
the finest food in the Armed Services
and I'd be like well that is freezing
with faint damns right there that is not
great their idea of vegetarian is like
the meatballs are only put in the sauce
after you order it passion all right so
we're at this party you three can hear
the professor like panicked like calling
thoroughfare this guy I met this guy
gonna go sit down and was he wearing
clothes mask still was he wearing
clothes it doesn't matter because what
he took I'm gonna ask off I was
transported to the third dynasty in
Egypt I saw a black pyramid being
changed by blood to a red pyramid by
four stoic people who had there it was
horrible it was horrible and then he
just said you're not gonna be able to
deal with this you just aren't gonna be
able to do with this don't worry just go
so here I am guys what the hell was it a
person who looked like he was made out
of living living ebony I just I said I
just looked at his mask
dude space was talking to him and I saw
Knight
what did you say to him and does he know
your name that's the real question isn't
it he he did ask me about about about
getting help from Aleister and said no
he's one of mine he's not gonna help you
we should get out of here so mmm
who is that what is that you guys
where's Kosta no already talked about
the last Pharaoh great aren't you his
keeper goes home and he's in bed right
now that's pretty big he probably is
let's just go he's probably already gone
i way we got live without him if he's
still here somewhere I I want to make a
circuit and make sure okay I'll just
stay here in the lobby have to stay
together
yes it's gonna make me go back in there
so so it sounds like you're splitting up
yeah that's what can go wrong I'll make
a circuit of the party you you stay here
in country-bred anyone wanna go anyway
all right do I have a gun can somebody
borrow me a gun did you bring a gun guys
no I do I'm gonna stall speed up alone
you should just all go
let's all go find it because again we're
gonna thank you
wait you brought us okay yeah so hmm
make me a god what is it even called now
it used to be concealed I can see it
actually make me a stealth make me a
stealth roll yeah to pass her the gun I
don't care okay people do drugs and
everything around us or it's like a
contention make me a zero 68 36 which is
that's all regulars yeah that's us but
that's fine yeah you you like fold
Jackie like fold your jacket over and
you slide her the gunmen nobody it's
cocaine don't worry are we gonna you
can't split up again oh I don't think we
should I agree and then I pull Alexander
aside and just say if Aleister is one of
hers this whole party could be full of
his agents they could go at any time
Lauren we're gonna be quick about this
and get out
yeah you've got a good point let's list
the fourth we'll search together all
right just stay close to us Joan all
right all right everybody who is
searching make me a luck roll success
all right I got a 55 which is not
lucky for me all right I got it
so two missed and two made it right so
the party is delirious it's like 3:30 in
the morning so you have that weird sort
of like edge to all of your senses where
you feel like you're hyper aware but in
reality you're like yeah yeah and you
know there is this constant weirdly
clarinet heavy music playing that is
everywhere everywhere everywhere are
people in various states of undress like
just doing whatever there's like a you
know anything you didn't want to see you
can probably see somewhere make me a
roll what language is to use it that
would be English Italian and Arabic
which one of these should that be Arabic
Arabic okay go good roll oh jeez but
no okay you could spend some luck
he got it you got a 9 in his Arabic
CIFOR you could spend good luck don't
have that much despair yeah you could
also push the roll yeah all right well
that's pretty close so basically what
that means is you are going to be tucked
away in this little hidden crash
reading until sunup if you spend that
entire time you will learn a ritual for
crafting an elder sign
okay all right I think that it's very
important for my survival
all right make me a sanity rule
yeah there it is Matt I'm tonight it's
been luck on sanity roles right sure
I'll let you spend luck on whatever you
know it all right we could inspire that
so you can go we'll be giving away dice
oh he's a wedding dice who's reading
your jar in Jill's house we do you
really I mean it's it's close to 50/50
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now lower than 50/50 what's your
what's your sanity 43 yeah that's close
all right figure out just throwing one
take it easy
after this and well actually that
orient-express sounds right you only
lose you lose one sanity okay see now so
you have only started to plumb the
depths of this book mm-hmm like Crowley
very specifically pointed you to the
chapter to look at yeah
is that the only chapter you're long
yeah I I understand the danger of books
okay so dangerous
yeah okay so yeah so you only look at
this chapter and and if you'd fumbled
the sand roll you would have been drawn
in but you didn't so you will like I
said come morning you will know that you
will know just that ritual okay all
right back to you for you have done a
circuit of this party and you swear that
you have been in this room now three
times so I'm gonna start pulling books
off shelves and looking for secret
lovers okay make me a luck roll ooh
22 I don't know what that is but I'm
sure it's lucky my luck is 40 so it's
almost half okay almost half that's very
good so looking at books you
like I discovered everything I'm looking
at your just know I'm kind of like doing
this and moving pictures okay touching
penises on statues to see if things
alike question is which secret passage
[Laughter]
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] back and forth in the chair okay
that's also another one good job all
right so you you pull a book off you are
in some sort of study okay and you were
like just randomly grabbing a books and
you pull one and you feel some like
catch and you like yank it yep and as
you yank it a part of the bookcase folds
in guys I think I got it good fine yep
let's go and look in the secrets room oh
boy okay so you're drawing your yes
alright which which book did you pull
because I think one of us should stay
out here and be ready to pull it just in
case let's just put a book in the thing
to jam from opening or jam it from
closing you the book you pulled was a
Bible perfect well it's there's like
eight Bibles they all look the same
yeah you pulled the third one okay let's
put something in that in the in the you
know to trap to stop the door for it is
there like a wooden chair or something
that I can haul over and like so you can
the jamb sure yeah okay so I pull that
over and stick it so that it so that if
the if it folds back close David well I
guess didn't we're not surprising
anybody so so yeah you you this thing is
open and like some of a woman in a
beautiful gown with a mask that is like
a rainbow her mask is like this
iridescent rainbow she walks by and like
she just like walk but like walks into
that room she's like oh
this and she just blunders in I'm
following behind her nature right as you
followed her in all he's like this I'm
like all you hear you hear her say why
is it so dark I just push her keep going
keep going all right is anyone else
going in
I'm Ryan was going in
I'm right behind with a diver I'm not
letting him leave me alone okay that is
that is entirely fair all right so you
all go in and you hear did you cook it
like bangs up against the chair okay
good and you are in some sort of dark
passageway and the woman in front of you
is trying to like the passageway it's
about maybe about five foot wide it is
you know one abreast basically and the
woman in the front as you like now
pushed her for the second time is like I
don't want to be here and she's like
bathroom at the end of this she's go all
right this is where the bathroom is the
toilets at the end of this hallway so
one way or another how do you feel about
human shields yes no problem well
they're English that's why I don't
assume that we're gonna like if anything
she's gonna trip and fall down the
stairs I guess that's okay
okay they have a National Health Service
does anybody have a flashlight did
anybody bring a flashlight no nuts the
party I'll give anybody a luck roll this
is how its matches yeah if you make a
load you have message I'm gonna try nope
zero eight look at this Motel two books
you're good
thank you I don't want it you go first
huh and then I do one of these all right
so Donnell you can go ahead of me okay
so you like I'm a match and you see the
woman is now you know she's about arm's
length ahead of you let's give her about
eight to ten feet
okay space for carefully all right and
she's like she has one hand on each side
to kind of steady herself and she's
walking ahead and do any of you I'm
gonna give it to you make me an
archeology role okay first I made it
that just made it all right um
so this feels like this passageway has
gone farther than you know what was on
the other side of that grass you know
there's some say some thing yes there's
something weird going on this this
doesn't seem like it would fit okay guys
this we've gone way too far
make me a pal role actually both of you
make me power roles 50 which means
Noakes s VidCon Bumble no okay you wish
did you made it right America okay so
you recognize you you don't recognize
you recognize that kind of weird
pressure ear popping or feeling felt in
the juices Darla stops okay I felt no
labels like walk cheese keeps walking in
the back I would just crossed some sort
of boundary just like in the juju house
in New York
let's get out oh the one that knocked me
unconscious all right something happened
there I don't think we should go any
further okay hey touch wrong wrong wrong
accent let's go ahead and I need the
bathroom I think I think we're in the
wrong hallway it's the other hallway
let's go all right Jules turn around
let's just turn around yeah
all right I'm gonna like to now reverse
scoot pass to Joan Tim to him to take
the lead with the book of magazine
hidden role mmm
ah yes hard success all right you see a
smiling Aleister Crowley in the in the
doorway frame pulling the chair out run
as fast as I can to try to try and catch
the door all right make a dex roll yes
hard success very I got it I got a 20
out of 75 all right so you get up there
and you are now pulling on this chair
trying to keep Crowley mm-hmm from
getting it this is gonna be an opposed
strength rule
I don't like strength rolls rest of us
are hustling because I see we see this
step you get a 1 Crowley rolled a
hundred so oh my god God cuz I didn't
make it but I didn't get a hundred so
inspire somebody give me GM inspiration
here's what happens you are pulling on
this chair you both failed and he failed
calamitous ly so the doors not gonna
close Crowley falls over like he Mets go
like you like tight you let go of the
chair you like pull the chair out from
under him so to speak and he goes
flopping over backwards and and it may
shock you to learn that Aleister Crowley
I'm gonna like lean my whole weight into
the door to hold it open come on and we
run it was yeah you were all through
yeah with that with that roll you are
all through and Crowley is like rolling
around on the floor is not in his robes
and he's like is the lady out - yes good
good good good good
don't leave her in there no so then she
closes
so I'm gonna get him probably his face
and be like where's still Silvio I
what's calling Afonso for some dumb
reason he he's like he's now sitting
up and he's like oh my friends you were
going to the palatial Palace I don't
know that's what his pupils are like
black art well they're like dilating as
okay as he's like struggling to focus on
when you get close he's like yeah I'm
just I'm it's like reading my look at my
phone so I shake him I'm like where's
where's Kosta yep who's Kosta
good-looking Italian man interested in
uh I would like to meet a good-looking
Italian man what color did he change his
mask yeah oh yeah your mask wasn't too a
color who's wearing a mask he was
wearing your mouth yes such a very where
is he what I would do to that boy great
[Laughter]
yeah the stench of this man is rescuing
a mini-mom yeah he's already not that
not big on personal hygiene and he has
like it's like as you pull him up you
see like he's wearing like pancake
makeup that is like smear and just like
it's probably not pancake makeup anymore
yeah yeah this is fat Elvis it's like oh
oh it's like rescuing a
tenner FF that three in the morning from
the pub opera jokes that'll drive our
radius look at that you see I asked
I received the apollyon okay has 500
bits just for me thank you the apollyon
yeah
hey Crowley shine he's already she's
very shiny what is it that the ring fit
says your sweat so shiny and beautiful
every time like so we have that ring fit
game for this creepy like Rachel like
all the other room and Rachel was
playing and I heard the game go your
sweat so shiny and beautifully who you
play it was very strange and it like it
like says it just enough that you're
like oh this is fun what yeah so let's
drag them around and get him to like he
will he starts to leave you like to
every room in the house that's why and
this guy we've been in this room three
times at this you're a fairly I mean so
use those dice oh damn you dice nope you
should smile be so happy for us out
there
I know I was like alright so anybody who
made the psychology rule did anybody
make it I think it's fine sigh god this
guy Ted 10% in psychology oh yeah I need
more this guy is he's he's leading you
on a wild goose she's leading us on
that's for sure yeah can I channel my
being scared into being and just yelling
I'm sure okay that's entirely
appropriate yes he's in trouble
and you aren't helping us and I just
doing this so he's taken aback and don't
say counties on him the small the small
professor losing her shed you do now we
want our friend now he's in the party go
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no he's not we've been everywhere
and he's not in the party you know where
he is did you love you know where he is
tell us did you look in the Pasha's
palace the what it where's the boss's
house I call my bedroom oh yeah he's
there why are you there hmm
now tell us where he is now he he did
not wish to spend time with me in that
manner well I am so sorry but where is
he I don't know you're rude
I'm channeling I'm channeling no no you
are yeah you were I'm getting to that
point I'm gonna give him a real cold
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] as it were and say it's been
blessed by the Pope I'll give it to you
to defile in any way you choose if you
give if you give my little buddy back
thank you for getting your name look
or just come up with like a nickname
that way it's that guy yeah so go so you
are you have clearly taken Crowley out
of like party fun mode and he's like oh
oh no I I lost your friend oh I'm so
sorry I don't suppose you know where
you last saw him yeah yeah come come
with me
and he takes you to that bookshelf we
were just here and he like goes like ah
which one which one is it a different
wall than the one that we used at this
point all of these walls look the same
it's like 5:00 in the morning
yeah I'm gonna still keep this he's got
the stink eye I just have to hold out
for sunrise and I'll show up he pulls a
Bible out and big swings open
he goes look the same to us yes
yeah and he's like I think it's dead I
think it's that one we show them in yeah
we'll follow you it's hard to shove him
in yeah but you're I mean you can you
can definitely force him in I mean
you've if all this fails you've got a
gun yeah we were just here we didn't see
him Oh is there another door so
everybody make a spot hidden role yeah
anybody who made the spot hidden role he
pulled a different Bible ooh
so she pulled the third by yes yes he
pulled the fifth Bible oh okay all right
I I have enough sanity to see this say
okay wait that's a different one see
it's the exact same it's the same boy
last time I saw that the Bible is a moon
but he he pulled it he pulled a
different one
we were the Bible he pulled a lot hold
on
so he leans in yeah Silvio you don't
hear anything
okay hmm maybe not that one hold on and
he pushes the Bible back in and it
closes he's like and he pulls another
one and the same wall opens and he leans
in Silvio
anything you have these open to
different places in a manner of speaking
you felt something in that other one
right no we've seen stranger things
yeah have we ever he pulls the first one
Silvio
you hear something Crowley let's go all
right no no I have to I have to finish
this no no you know oh I do
nope no you know how many more minutes
we've reached an impasse you feel like
you are well actually is me is Joan
there everybody's here including the
dark Pharaoh let's go Crowley was the
dark Pharaoh was here he passed through
Joan come out and look at this her
Arabic is good as far as you know yeah
actually I put my hand on her shoulder
and said books more books more well just
Silvio actually I need to see your face
we need to check that it's you at this
point I don't believe it right right oh
I I hear him and he's like yeah I'm it
to me I'm so are you blocking her way
cuz she is like yeah no I'm okay
it might not be him I'm like push
against gets to him like it might not be
here Silvio stick your face out just let
us see you I promise I won't you Crowley
or enough Delhi is uncomfortably close
to both of you and and is you know he's
like you know he's mine early sexually
harassing both of you
keep him at a distance but we wanted to
keep him close this room is protected
I'm kind of cautious you know there's a
there's some sort of hallway and then
leads to the to the the bookshelf yeah I
don't want to completely exit the room
that I'm in grab their protection
Crowley
get us some drinks please we're thirsty
be a good host my friend I I really I'm
just and he like starts to lean on both
of you I'm just so happy that we're all
together okay so I'm gonna take it for
her I'm happy can you help me sit him
down in a chair yeah I come on come on
yeah somewhat like yeah he's very pliant
tiny but I could just I'm sitting in
this I'm gonna like prop the door open
with another chair and just like sit in
it guys I mean alright so yeah you hear
a lot of weird like Crowley sounded like
he was crying and there they there's
like a tinge of tension in their voices
John I'm having some trouble can you
just look at this I would yeah you got
to show your face you let me go so can I
can I keep my face through without
leaving the room no no the rooms the
rooms protected I'm not I'm not
something out with hell I'm done with
this
it's only you and I would know now the
rest of us will know darling
he's like the secret ingredient in your
mom's and maybe you want to cut me off
before I continue okay yeah then hers I
don't even know this
tell me yeah in the sauces oregano keep
them to get that door problem I'm
hustlin I'm hustlin out there all right
finally something something something
real so you enter into a small cubicle
basically that has one chair one like
would back chair a lamp and he's got
what he gave me three books I think and
you've only looked at that was just like
one scroll that had books right the
library that's right that's right yeah
you've got the and he so he's looking at
this scroll and you can tell at a glance
that it's in Arabic and so and he's like
pointing you to a paragraph that he
doesn't really understand so you can
make an Arabic roll nope it's the the
grammar and this is tough so you're
gonna get it yeah but this is gonna add
to the time okay which is fine because
I brought my feet up on on the doorway
just like cleaning my new nails on the
dagger all right this is a little more
troubling to you use three Santa's
thanks how many sanity
did you lose thanks thanks before - so
you've lost now five sanity but it's not
been that short of her apartment no yeah
but you're very unhappy group sarahfey
anyone like serious or this so we think
everything has gone on has just so the
excitement of coming into this room that
was so great he's now just like gone as
you realize like you're trapped in this
house which gets crazy guy and taken um
you know somewhere in here the black
Pharaoh is wandering around you know you
want to get out of this place okay Matt
also noticed like a burn mark on my
4head oh yeah did you get into the lamps
or something no something took over
Crowley for a while and it burnt my head
yeah and I'm a man too a guy who pulled
off his mask and he pulled me into the
night it was horrible see that's why we
have to figure this out okay this is
paper deafness alright
try to think try to think all right so
again you both learn it gets wasn't
gonna take time so he's you two were
talking to Crowley yep I want to know
how Pharaoh how long how does he
communicate with him oh he communicates
with me oh so you're just a tool thanks
for bringing me down I mean well I mean
we're all just servants of some power
shortly after I met that that nice
Carlisle gentleman and his delicious
young woman friend Bonet one of his
delicious he had to oh one of them much
more exciting than the other do you
remember their names
I am Aleister Crowley I forget nothing
except women come women go I like look
up I'm cleaning I'm cleaning my
fingernails the dagger and just look up
at him one was beautiful okay was
ravishing okay
you are very attractive thank you so
after Carlisle there are so many lights
in this room that one I know they
sparkle had one so afros know Carlisle
did he give you anything no no no I do
not have any venereal diseases no I'm
not talking about that I'm talking about
a physical totem or any
thing something that allowed the black
Pharaoh to talk to him
Oh Roger quietly what a wonderfully
depraved individual oh I'm sure he is
but any stay we need your cocaine no we
don't ask Oh
did did Carla give you a mask unlike
the kind that you have at this party but
something ancient how do you know these
masks aren't ancient he touches your
mask and it like starts to it
it's like stars okay goody I pull it off
and I'd like fling it at him I'm like
stop it no I'm talking about like an
ancient mask maybe something from Egypt
or something that you wouldn't show to
them to the average person who wanders
and I have just the thing hold on rather
at that point he's a master of cocaine
like like an ancient like like Sir John
Gielgud and do them Arthur he comes in
and like the stiff Butler outfit with a
an empty suit with an empty silver tray
so get the mask Carruthers the mask sir
how is that man awake he's a magician
you know like hitting just a little bit
to his ego I'm a magician but the real
trick here is how you have stolen my
heart oh okay candy if only you were as
cute as Sylvio I know I know
he is charming Sylvio that hunk of
ah and so how often does the black
Pharaoh speak to you and what has he
told you lately why he hasn't spoken to
me in quite some time but that's a shame
he told me that you would be coming to
this party really and this is you which
use you referring to hmm what you as an
it's singular
are we having Grammer discussion yes we
love grammar discussions no we don't we
don't love grammar discussion so when we
told us who we were what declination oh
gods Idol shaming me who you're afraid
to you her or all of us yes marvelously
imprecise language do you know that an
ancient Sanskrit there were no personal
pronouns
no I'm very nice don't trust it so when
the blank Pharaoh spoke to you and said
that we were coming did he ask you to do
anything specific to prepare for us he
said to show you a good time and I tried
Oh Oh did I try to show Sylvio a good
time I know how to have a very good time
what's silly of doing there I don't know
it's killing me at that point
Carothers yeah comes in moving glacially
slow with on a platter is a very
familiar gold mask
I like sit up straight looking yes one
year we saw the Peru as well right only
only some of you broke into that room I
didn't think yeah we broke in nevermind
yes we did I think I went with you but I
don't because somebody had to pull that
mask off I probably would have gone with
you yes this is this timeline so these
guys are Superman with me I mean you can
decide who was there I'm fine with that
but there was you know it is it is the
mask that you put on and had those
visions yeah it's the same mask it looks
exactly the same to you it's gold it
looks like it has a clear Mesoamerican
kind of prehistoric hole that can't be
the same mask yeah it is it's been it is
how no it's the same mask I mean it's
the mask okay have you put it on yes and
what did you see Oh glorious like lots
of naked people I guess to him that
would be really high from up from above
or I mean I took stars of course okay
now I'm just believing a little bit and
then what happened way too much detail
comes at you or as long as you will let
him speak
but I mean is it similar to what I saw
as far as no no no it's just
version of an orgy no this is yeah we
meanwhile I'm drinking now I'm just
sitting in a corner drinking it's just
talking I'm taking notes quiet I need my
medicine and Caruthersville going we
grab the mask before yeah oh the mask is
sitting on the counted the desk okay do
we want that do you mash yes I do
you can have it thank you do you want
that mask well we're gonna let me tell
you a secret
okay if you have that mask you can talk
to me anytime you want I can probably
also talk to the dark
if I want to to wasn't this in a museum
sure I think that's a terrible idea why
he's no fun why she's no fun
well I mean he is not interested in the
agreed
Carruthers comes in your medicine CERN
it's just a pile of cocaine Oh God
excuse me one second just like buries
his head on this silver platter so
whoever's got the biggest satchel be
like good for you I mean I'm gonna grab
a pillow and like split open one of the
sides okay thank you okay sir
and just like care it was a very
expensive pillow I'm sorry no you're not
I can clearly hear that you are not
sorry from that touch the mask with a
cloth or something so I'll actually
touch it into the pillowcase pillowcase
I said you could have the mask not the
pillow that pillow is very special to me
oh sorry I'm I am sorry is there a
different one that's I don't want to
handle that thing with my flesh I didn't
know you were pillow cutters as that
pillow that you're not very fond of feel
like by the way his mouth like it's all
white to hear him and again his eyes are
just like written their pen people's now
I'm just gonna like get it out of his
line of sight and see if he forgets it
like a yeah Carothers detain these
people I turn around with a totally
different fit you mean this pillow I
it is isn't you were telling me about
this pillow like just before we had
started talking about orgy
yeah do orgies I do like orgies with
this pillow like you from the pillow I
was like here your favorite pillow let's
sit down
he's like a hugs and I have the other
pillow out of sight yeah just like tuck
down beside my leg he'll feel fall for
it he'll be he's he is not in his room
he is not in his left mind he's not in
any mind at all not not after mind I
like that and yeah he's gonna fall
asleep okay cause even more disgusting
than awake there's more drooling you
know there's like every once in a while
Carruthers will like turn him so he
I actually tipped Carruthers because I
just generally feel bad about his whole
life circumstance he is he is utterly
English and so he does not he he does
not even like acknowledge your existence
he's just standing there can we hear
any of this I'm sure you've heard I
think you're trying to block it out yeah
I know I know it just links to this song
trying to focus so yeah you are pretty
well focused on that so both of you on
the back there of your character sheets
there's a section for marking down
spells and rituals and stuff hmm and you
can put craft elder sign in there
and it sells yeah it is so this is a
ritual it takes a long time it involves
having something carved into a piece of
stone the size of the stone magnifies
the level of Correction and make it the
biggest stone protection I should say
yes and so you you know that this ritual
can be a small handheld version or it
can be like in a building like you know
the market can be put inside this happy
so yes you both but you also know that
this ritual requires the caster to put
energy into it and you don't really
understand that part of it there's some
sacrifice on the part of the cast of the
the person who is doing the ritual and
the the scroll is maddeningly imprecise
on what that sacrifice is or maybe it's
just that you know you don't quite know
the right term this is a very ancient
and weird dialect of Arabic I'm sure it
all worked out just fine in the end
Shh no this will be great this is great
you've got something that will help us
yeah and you can they'll they'll come
out about 7:30 8:00 in the morning I'm
gonna sleep I can't yeah you you're on
the couch you know I'm still awake just
like shifting around in that chair just
waiting and Carruthers is ramrod Street
god bless the British brothers is there
coffee I'm sorry sir only at the Masters
Bank understand you should poke him well
that's we could just leave a Minnie
Mouse probably it'll ice mass you know
heap of her Sanel cocaine yeah
and he is like clutching a pillow and he
was like it looks
someone trying to sleep in an airline
chair he's like sideways like this and
needs and I see you guys coming down the
hall when I said I said get up because
I'm in a chair that's like blocking the
door open are you bringing the scroll
yeah no he told me to correct it wasn't
I'm sure I've got the right ones it's
important pow pow pow pow pow pow
it's a stat yeah yeah damn yeah great
roll all right yeah I totally told you
totally totally so you really like the
idea of leaving this yeah like when I
CLS for Carly I see like this in there
you go that is Aleister Crowley I
imagine like
cragmire much more like you much more
corpulent all right you can now leave
the party the party is in a that
horrible like so I used to when I was
young I lived in younger I lived in New
Orleans and my but I took the and my
stop my transfer stop was on the edge
was on Canal Street on the edge of the
corner of the corner in the French
Quarter and I caught this bus at like
6:00 in the morning and I was constantly
seeing this like zombie horde
6:00 in the morning of just like
horrible horrible sights and smells and
that's kind of what you're getting is
this you know like people who are sort
of starting to realize that shame the
Shambala shame party is slowly ending
there are bodily fluids of various
indeterminate kinds almost everywhere oh
you stop don't touch anything yeah yeah
right it is a shower yes the pillowcase
to get the door handle several different
kinds of staph infections have been
invented at this point
staffs are in fact you make it out and
back to the hotel do we have to do
anything today because if not it is
Tuesday the third let's let's recommit
at dinnertime where do we want to
keep the masks when we wake up Lester I
don't want it to stones
yep I'll hold on to it hmm if you want
me if you want me to that's a tough call
can you lock it somewhere safe there's a
hotel of this scale safely deal in yes a
normal not in the rooms one they have a
safe behind the registers no I am NOT
leaving this with anyone I'm doing we
should each do one yeah how about you
you're placing something like a river
stone on I have a safe there so I just
don't want to be separated from the
string too far we're not gonna do a full
on boulders yeah so you're gonna sleep
right and then you're gonna start
thinking okay yeah so it sounds like the
third is kind of a wash yeah we need air
time yeah yeah I'm gonna like shove the
mask under a pillow on the bed on the
other side and then just collapse hmm
yeah yep so it's it's dinner on the
third you feel somewhat rested well we
need to make a plan mmm some sort what
we've got a plan yeah hey what is this
place we're going to create these
wonderful things called elder signs just
as equally crazy as they do now this is
gonna solve all of our problems yes yes
it's a protection it's a way to protect
ourselves but you got it from Crowley's
library
I also found I found a book in a library
on it and I have I have carry the notes
with me it's all walk you through all
the wonderful right this is entirely
wasted on me yeah
to skip to the end part how how does
this stop well we have to stop I'm just
looking for production because again we
need to go into the me remember the
house mister mister house
yep the ritual has done the backyard
somewhere in the forest and Edward
Gavigan will be vulnerable during the
ritual because holding that kind of a
shield and will be protected
exactly exactly because we have
protection it's nice that you'll be
protected how does that stop Edward
Gavigan oh it does it we got to stop him
but we be protected when we go in there
yeah how we protected how does protect
us what kind of fun mentioned magics and
evil pretty much every and so by making
these stones we will maintain a
protective shield and that way we can go
in and kick his ass okay Solano it would
this create something like what Gavigan
had on him that kind of a short right
where you can't touch I mean I think
that's more of a like a physical
protection well we're getting where are
we looking at more like no one can hurl
up spell at us for some time I believe
it's a spell thing right from the notes
that I so again the Arabic was you know
hit or miss but there was also the book
that I read before about it and and what
it sounds like
is that this is protection against
otherworldly creatures some okay no hmm
what the parrot sharks or the Pharaohs
yeah arrow mind control yeah but
Aleister Crowley is one of his so if
that's the case do we really think that
something taken from his library is
going to protect us from him
I mean Joan can you back source this to
can you cross-reference it to use
scholarly terms can you cross-reference
this to another outside but you said you
found a book in the background and I
have all the notes powerful note so if I
go through all of his notes and
everything is there anything I can see
that I might be able to to to make them
to feel better about making me an occult
role
not even a little yes I know I just I
didn't quite make the hard one all right
how about to ask if I could assist you I
got 29 all right that's it yeah you make
it shows who concerns me that she's got
a 29 in a gun that's almost half you I
mean three it's it's all very clear from
this that it's again well very clear the
language is very imprecise there's a lot
of you know this will give you
protection from beasts of the
otherworldly and that sort of thing you
know it was a extra ease there was not
there was not a lot of like we're gonna
here's the list of exactly the monsters
this will protect you from right but but
we could get the sense that it's from
monsters and we're not gonna find it
ringing as sorry D enjoy Slayers
well I mean I was hoping I could boost
my AC sort of magical armor that would
make sense it would work for the for the
good or the bad anyone who uses it will
be protected right we haven't run into
much good so is this a thing that you
wear like what what is it exactly
no no we've been probably faceted onto
something we use it on me use but you
can make giant ones that are bigger but
they're gonna be in place but you yeah
it could what making what what are we
making how do we make it yeah okay you
keeps me a trophy now like cliffnotes
this thing all right so there's our
essentially there's a hole they they
will outline to you a ritual that
involves taking a stone with a very
specific symbol carved in it and then a
number of weird herbs and Steve right
you know spice people too so yeah and
also they they sort of gloss over this
cuz I know exactly what that means or at
least my interpretation of what that
means is that is that is that bull
orphans go missing and that's the blood
yeah and how much blood and how much
power it pulls from someone it does it
is it a draining is it like what you saw
in that pyramid or is it one hold over
the person who gives it you know the
spiritually inclined versus Dollard like
myself I think it refers to the time and
effort that yeah I really don't think
that's a really nice I explained to them
that it is yeah you know it's like yeah
it's not a big deal it's just we need to
something's that's gonna take either a
like charm or some sort of other role
because they hate we've experienced a
few having more explanation is exactly
what is making them not just do a sure
you can't make it worse unless that
fumble you kind of stop with the crazy
eyes yeah but a lot of them yeah
so so again you very like you you're
like this is so clear yeah I don't know
what it's it's like you know that old
hear you something is very clear to you
and you're trying to explain if it's
someone who's like and that's exactly
why I don't like this I seems from my
marriage it's mean I'm usually the one
who is the this is all fine and she's
like no there's people involved and
chocolates fine people yeah so yeah you
you know you it's it's getting you know
you've had dessert it's now the sake of
writing rocks out to see if let's start
over let's start over assuming that our
goal is to assassinate and we're going
again can you say that any louder
doesn't mean I kill people
should we just I don't know dig up some
dead bodies go get the authorities say
he did it leave town heroes so once in
our lifetime not blow anything up
attacked by zombies ruin things kill
cops can I say that any louder
set buildings on fire don't get that one
I thought I was suggesting that last
time and then you kill the police
officer where are we having this
conversation out in the middle of a
restaurant well let's just assume that's
our daughter comes up in her bar
we'd like to ask you as gently and
kindly as possible we're in the theater
to leave
actually the were rehearsing to play
this I can't stress enough how little I
care I just go somewhere else there's an
added surcharge dealing with crazy
people sirs cool I mean two of us are
theoretically mmm so yeah you you pop
yeah there's a pub sure around the
corner from your hotel corner pub in the
corner in the corner in the far away
from over large Pines you don't want to
drink for a while all right
so assuming that's our goal pretty much
solve problems it helps me think
it clears everything up we we need to
know where the look this is going to
happen where he's going to be in advance
so we can set up a location to do the my
job yeah it won't do it the house it'll
be somewhere outside outside the house
but we need to know where it should be
on the property and which means we need
to look at the property in advance
didn't we get do we need to go out and
that he was in the back didn't we get
that somebody told you yeah it's like
but that's what I mean with a manor
house and it'll probably be on the new
moon when he's actually out there maybe
there's a hedge Miss Sunday Tuesday so
don't want to go out and record her the
area yes we need to go together the
property the exterior property and not
enter the residence should wait until
we're prepared yeah so we could Scout
its
and you could you guys could carb rocks
[Music]
true true
they are terrifying okay well the car
rocks love them so far is another
problem how do we not kill anybody
step one I thought this is strong
episode well it's not kill anybody
step two call the police when it's time
so that this guy gets arrested
so the Gavin goes to jail or the evigan
is rich and well-connected well the
chances of him actually going to jail
even with the worst kind of evidence
here is very low there's a problem a
Gavigan in the self told up the three of
us if we don't kill the girl the spice
then he's going to kill us it's either
we kill him or he kills us or we kill
spice girl I don't think we should okay
why can't isn't that enough to just take
that to the three let's go to space I'm
not gonna be ugly
I mean I know you're Irish after I broke
into his Museum and I was there
trespassing inside of his Museum in
Prospect burglarizing his when he made
this statement to me and after we we
very un-pc might be a witness to your
own trial and after we very seriously
injured one of his people like there's a
strong court case against us so step two
then I guess how do we kill him and get
away with it thank you
welcome to that welcome to the party yep
one elder side I have a rifle I think he
sees abuses you or things like this what
a long range we'll take a long-range
shot and if we know exactly why I set up
I'm walking home I can't all right Emma
Emma's like when you start talking bout
killing people Emma's
not this is this is more our bag anyway
we need to look at the location find a
place we can sit a perch up and firewood
where we can make the shop now you're
more if the show you're more of the
rifleman than I am
well listen we need to examine the
all right so so I have a sense the neck
tomorrow you're going to miss her house
yeah Wednesday Emma may or may not be
going at Wednesday yeah yeah Tuesday you
just put the exes there's just nothing
happened Tuesday sleep indeed you two
are going to look for a stonemason
mm-hmm I take it well we could just find
a river and find nice Rock you're not
gonna find any good rah something then
fixed I mean sure but the carving bit is
left in your back yeah yeah you're
probably gonna need a stonemason yeah
for that yeah all right
so let's deal with you two first okay
you are able to you know throw money at
the problem and find a stonemason who
will he well he can make you small ones
like right now larger ones will take
more time like my hand size he'll make
you like yeah you know like two fingers
like this that's gonna take longer you
know anything larger is gonna take
longer I'm gonna well like how much
longer a couple days a couple days okay
you don't have but if you want him to
make the ones now
then the couple days will be the next
day basically like if he helped make you
two small ones right now that'll take
most of today or that yeah you know so
and he's you know he very politely
reminds you that he likes to take a
lunch and slacker you know so he'll
he'll he can make you two small ones
today and then probably by the weekend
he'll have to mid sized ones for you
would I have ones in size if I skipped
out on the one today would it be one day
earlier forget you just get the small
ones then Friday you'd have the
mid-sized ones
to you I think I want to all right I
think we need one small one to actually
make sure that we can do this cuz I
don't want to mess it up okay and then
the two bigger ones
all right so he'll make he'll make a
small one right now yeah and then you'll
have the two mid-sized ones by Saturday
you'll have by Saturday morning yeah
I think that'll work well we soft we
there's time to do the ritual too so so
the ritual you think by looking at it is
like an hour yeah okay that's not gonna
take us a day all right
all right I'm gonna hold out for the
larger all right so you're gonna make
one small one we got yes and okay two
larger ones all right
both of you make me a credit rating rule
or whichever one of you has the higher
credit rating no okay should I
you can try sure can I though that's
telling you now ah okay
that was a 99 all right Jackson Elias
yes money goes towards this so yeah the
like the cost is this guy you feel like
this guy is like taking advantage of me
he's like Oh stupid Americans want rocks
in three days and so you know like he is
definitely overcharging you and maybe
you're fine with that
if I believe that it'll get them sooner
he's like well it's gonna cost more but
I can get them done by this day he will
explain to you the project management's
triangle fast cheaper good thing it will
get him by Saturday morning of course of
course
okay all right you both lose five points
make you the small one right now sweet
and so you watch him about an hour he
like is tapping out the symbol you you
have drawn the symbol from the thing
that funny shape star yes he taps it out
where are you gonna do the ritual hmm
that's a good question oh boy you want
to do it bill bird we're gonna do it
we need to get some some some yes you'll
need some gum spices yeah well we know
it's by shop right yes that's true you
do are you going with them to miss her
house to reckon her mm-hmm I will but
obviously when I went back mm-hmm I've
written a detailed letter asking for
guidance from my other okay the other
the other employer in my life if you
will yeah it's like you send a telegram
yeah that's you yeah exactly saying that
I'm uncomfortable with the developments
is there anything you can do please send
help
mm-hmm okay the Inquisition is on its
own I know well I'm just yeah just doing
it right so my mom right and oh they
love love moral dilemma which is gonna
get right through it all fiery stuff um
so where are you doing the ritual yeah
party to it well I got sweet by having
none where the rituals say like oh if
you can dose you so the ritual doesn't
tell you all it tells you is what to do
it doesn't say anything about what's
gonna happen it doesn't say anything you
know for all you know think I burst into
flames not gonna get another opportunity
oh good that's epic all right so you're
going to stone in don't let that drain
to get her yeah yeah right we'll get um
so I'm gonna say do I even see this do I
just start yelling you won't get
first-class tickets but you're going to
everything stone stone Inge I'm gonna
say that in the 20s you know they still
didn't care about this stuff so you can
walk right up to Stonehenge
yeah back then yes so you have to do
this very early in the morn
so you're gonna well that means you'd
need to do it tomorrow through Thursday
cuz it's Wednesday by the time the guys
made this stuff it's probably yeah okay
we do think we're doing the small one
right yeah and then we're coming back in
and yeah yes I can work out yeah are you
so are you gonna do the small one at
Stonehenge go forward
[Music]
because they think it's a whole thing
want to do it very early in the morning
you'd have to do it Thursday more you
could do it like late at night yes okay
yes I just taught them for a second and
just be like you know be more powerful
if you did it at a New Moon or like a
full moon
we don't yeah you don't have no that's
been factored in so you want plan E has
to come on being it's don't hinge it
like 11:00 in p.m. yes yes yep
okay you leave them a note or anything
yes sure but it's not like we're doing
the ritual I mean do you tell them where
you are
I I say that we're sightseeing a bit all
right ever stone him sure I don't I
don't why I specifically don't lie I
just didn't it the truth he's doing that
because yeah that's him cutter deadline
all right mission I don't leave notes
so your this is gonna be very fast um
you guys at about midnight you put
together at the various herbs that have
been suggested you grind them up and
there's adding them to some red wine and
then you pour the wine over the thing
and there's a chant
are you both chanting one of you
chanting I figure I'll try to help
recognize it's not the language since I
have a little bit more occult I was
thinking I would do it okay so you she's
gonna are you gonna can you want me to
help ya okay so you're both gonna chant
yes yeah okay we do some practice
chanting beforehand make sure you have
it down so the chant is going to go on
like the the it basically says chant
until complete okay so it is not a
applause for Pete yeah and so there's
gonna die out there
you've been chanting lightning strikes
us
you've been chanting for like an hour
there's nothing tell it I mean something
feels weird
you definitely are saying strange words
at night in Stonehenge with a rock it's
I keep chanting no yeah in some of in
some of the things that I've looked at
and I'm done and looked through when
people are doing rituals there usually
is some blood involved no I I make a
face but keep chanting I don't know if
you can see it in the dark these keeps
chanting so I'm kind of like it's
concerned chanting now takes the
question inflection at the end of the
chants shake my head I'll try focusing
hard right no sort of thing there
nothing in there that says it don't even
know the word blood does not if there's
just as a sacrifice keep on going sorry
so you chant for another hour and you're
starting to feel light-headed and hoarse
and lobbies are getting to us after your
third hour of chanting regardless well
the rock floats up renewing my chanting
really getting it yeah well now and
it it floats up and the the sign briefly
just flashes and then it falls back down
where's that backup character that does
not affect any of your secondary
characteristics or anything like that
Oh lose ten power oh no just out of
curiosity would that been like worse if
one of us had done it just do it again
tomorrow guys and so the rock inow glows
continuously there it sheds like a
ouch yeah you are both like see I'm
lightheaded you're like gonna find a
public house and and crazy yeah yeah all
right I stopped hearing you at pub that
as well all right so you three are
driving up to mr. house what time are
you going
daytime okay yeah not like super early
in the morning but also not past noon
yeah not the commuter train but after is
like hiking club are you driving are you
taking the train and we take the train
yeah so when you go to the train station
you say you want to go to the town yeah
like which is Walton on the nave is the
name of the town which we do know I know
yeah and the guys like well you can
catch a train to Essex and that'll get
you most of the way there it might be a
bit of a walk from there so is it best
to get a place in Essex and then or is
there is there an inn in sorry Hardwick
you can get trained to Hardwick well
I mean I'm sure there's a public-house
at Harwich okay and then it's about 11
kilometers to Walton mmm-hmm maybe you
can hire a vehicle in haul which I'm not
100% sure we should do otherwise you
could you could hire a vehicle here and
drive and how long is the drive
oh it's well I'm not a motorist per se
but I'd guess it said
hours but then we'll have the vehicle
there and can go as as we see yet that
makes sense
okay well hire a vehicle thank you for
your time of course odd get him up
yes so yeah you can hire a car that's
that's no problem who is taking care of
hiring the car I don't drive I do jumps
little driving I mean I have the basic
driving a little bit and that only
actually present it for like chasing
some we're all running joke in the Call
of Cthulhu community drive Auto is a
dump staff car chase grew up in New York
and never needed to drive before so I
don't drive so who's getting the car I
can drive
I'm alright credit reading okay
don't fumble well I didn't fumble all
right but you didn't make it now all
right so there is some exhort the car is
very expensive it's almost like they're
not sure it's gonna come back in one
piece
and so they are you know there's like a
a large deposit like almost the cost of
the car is innocent New York I will
require a receipt for that of course mum
all right you lose three points of
credit rating okay yeah you're pretty
well officer do so yeah you have a car
that could do theoretically seat five
people semi comfortably mm-hmm
but seats you three wonderfully and you
are driving up to you get a map and the
map is very clear to Harwick that's
clear after that's clear to walton on
the nave and
the mr. house is not on the map okay do
we know where the mr. house is I would
because I did research at you know that
it is on in walton-on-the-naze but you
don't know you have to go to the town
hall yeah you'll just basically ask for
directions
you do that's right you could go to the
Harwich the seat of the county of the
council and get the get that possibly
get the plans or something like that all
right
then here then here's my suggestion we
we have her do do the paperwork and the
and the plans and everything because
you're better at dealing with paperwork
than I am by far and away and we go and
have a look at the place before we have
a look the place let's stop the local
hunting shop mmm we got some nice hats
some nice jackets and my shotguns like
oh we start with the Hat some nice walk
around clothes we want to look the part
we're going hunting it sounds good
I've got it it's got long hard into
fingerprints yet again weirdly Britain
in the 20s can't buy handguns all the
shotguns you want yep and both of us
know how to shoot a shotgun now I would
suggest maybe don't bring him I'll go
buy this so yeah you can each get a
shotgun no problem and hunting gear sure
I'll bring my other equipment with me of
course I always that's all in the trunk
of the car
you know the boot the boot sir what kind
of what type of place is this is this
where you go for like long walks in the
woods kind of thing so it is it is on
the like walton on the nave is an inlet
of the North Sea so this is kind of like
windswept okay wet area where the Moors
its pours
ah it's a really not sort of a walkabout
type of place it's not you know mm-hmm I
mean many people go hunting there I'm
not sure there's a lot for birds
okay all right that's our sorry so you
start to drive up everybody make me a
spot you free make me a spotted real
sick hmm
come on dice
success money - I'm sure that's a hard
success all right don't forget if you
have made it check it off it's the
middle one what's so hard both of you
made hearts excel I didn't fumble that I
was one point off of it all right so
who's driving not it oh do you want to
draw it sure let's see if she's driving
okay so I'll be so that's why you left
seat to the car so you're in the back
left left front you're okay so you're in
the air get him okay you've got the map
and stuff so Emma is like she looks out
the back and she she just yeah that
could you swear that there's a car
that's following you especially how far
are we out Europe ways from London this
is about an hour out that's right over
that car what's going on how long you
see the heads of this carbon follow like
how when did I so you started to market
about half an hour ago
okay and it is why don't we pull over to
look at the mop a bit cuz we're getting
lost right now yep and let his Pat love
it pass us yes we're getting completely
lost pull over to the side of the road
okay so the side of the road is just
gravel and then it goes almost quickly
into forest okay there's like a berm
just basically getting out of the way of
this other person so they can go I got
two up in the backseat when you get in
the glove compartment I got the pistol
on me just sign up with me as well the
back seats up there rifle okay Jonny
that has my daggers what are we going
the car continue past it pulls over and
we're gonna go to break there damn it
however I want to remind everybody 22
there you go so hashtag chaos to win
Ami's dice win the dice off Amy's hands
and again it's only if you want to I
mean hold on let me roll the 20 for you
to enter chaos man you couldna plan that
as an awesome job seriously and we'll be
back as quickly as four people can use
one bathroom five




















welcome back to the finances of
consuming bookkeeping for the next 20
minutes where else did you hide you and
you need him

Alexandra is walking
down the path Emma your New York is
showing you you come up and the guy on
the driver's side or passenger side
which one has the person that I
recognize he's driving then I'll go to
the past I go to the passenger side the
passenger starts to roll down the window
hi do you know this area at all yeah
we're looking for where it completely
turned around it's right you all you
should go back to London
is what you should do really I was back
in London with it I don't think there's
any hunting back there is there no if
you go back to London
nothing hunts you you know I doubt that
somehow I'd like to see the kid in the
backseat just like look at him yeah yeah
so you were told you were told by
Gavigan you were told by your boss to go
with these two gentlemen who are just
security guards never okay and you're
going to his house to to get some paper
so the very first time I actually go
into his house yeah you know yeah you're
going to the manor
does he some what papers again yeah he
told you there's a box in the library
okay
I'm excited all right yeah except why
are we stopping here behind these
tourists this is really stupid right
yeah that's why you're you're like just
the strife that we're wasting our time
here and so oh oh I know her
she spilled I did not know I did not do
that there but I did not do that I was
helping clean it up
hey whoa hey hey what are you guys doing
out here
going hunting oh good good no one goes
hunting up here this is the Moors lady
she should go back to London I don't
have to tell her to go right to London
if she wants to go looking on the beach
for I said tell the noise lady she needs
to go back to London kid I think here is
this guy there talking to me
uh he is muscle yeah you mean I don't
work for him he's just some guy he is
somebody that GABA control told you that
was gonna go with you his Gavigan driver
hey listen if she needs directions give
her directions let's go what's the
holdup here guys I've given her all the
directions she needs
Edie I think Aaron over your head hey
I'm just kidding it ride over to the
country house and I don't know this
guy's deal us hey just give her
directions and let's go what are we
wasting our time for what's taking you
out to only go it goes what kind of
papers work stuff interesting sounds
fascinating
alright if you guys go back to the
facility don't bring that in one front
of yours the Italian guy he said about
that guy yeah he's he's busy on another
project I'm worried about him okay let's
move the car come on guys we're wasting
time here we're not going except where
they go move that just accent changed it
doesn't make any sense what we're going
to the mr. house I don't care where
they're going they're not coming with us
right wait is something going on here I
asked ask your friends here I'm not here
going hunting I don't know what they're
go back to London if you know what's
good for you your message has been
delivered you can go on with your pet
now we're just following you we're not
following them Ivan we're going to miss
her house they're going where the hell
do you think they're going you're knob
where you guys going why the hell did
you bring the kid with you wait wait
where are you guys going they're going
to miss our house you idiot did you guys
get invited to mr. Oz no we're going to
Walter on the nave I've heard there's
some good hunting up there well why do
you think they're going to the mr. house
that's a great question because I'm not
look Gavigan knows exactly what you're
doing why are you doing it and where
you're doing it always don't think you
can pull one over on Edward Gavigan if
you know what's good for you you go back
to London and you do what Gavigan z--
asked you to do your message has been
delivered
now take the kid up to the manor house
to get his precious papers we're not
going there unless you do I mean if you
go there mm-hmm
we get to kill you whoa what Dad is
going on in his car
you can bloody well try friend it won't
just be us trying it will be if it's out
here hey hey we're not killing anybody
we're just getting some papers guys I'm
work buddy get back to working through
the a Bruce Lee looks at him that's
right we're not killing anybody I don't
know
listen kids kids not getting on am I not
my problem he's your problem
we can take the princess to the dance
well the princess can go home and my the
princess in this Congress a good one I'm
not actually sure the princess is meant
to be in this conversation why don't we
just go like the London guys we can I
get the papers another time I this is
getting really weird welcome to my life
balls in your court
princess oh you're the princess okay
that no one would cast me as a princess
anymore
now without voice we lost her yes well
they say beauty's in the end of the
holder [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off
as long as we're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off back to
London I'm okay with it and you can you
can [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off we're not going we're going
to miss her house guys miss her house Oh
kid what's your name again
Yousef hi Yousef in Alexandria hey I'm
just an intern at the facility I'm
working on my dissertation and I'm
supposed to get some papers from the
freaking mr. house here you are in so
far over your head okay I don't see
any way that this works out good for for
somebody that's probably these guys well
your Irish friend is giving us a really
bad looks yes I'm sure that's what the
lady in the back of the car
we don't know watching us
well yes things are a little tense back
here you guys got some guns I know you
guys have some guns I got a sense for
you guys we're doing the hunting of
course we have shotguns yeah you told me
that that's going hunting there's
nothing
hunt over here in these hills we're
going to somewhere maybe these two
idiots and why am i the back of the car
with you guys I mean if you don't want
to be in the back of the car with them
come right with us why don't you go
wrong with him
hey listen yeah actually forget it
you gotta fire me before he finds you
guys so if you go back to London did I
go back to London I don't eat the papers
right mm-hmm
if you go to the mr. house then these
two Ivan and what's what's what's your
name P auteur probably this guy in said
award the entire car dude
what's your name that's Bill he doesn't
look like a bill that's not my problem
I didn't know Bill up a poking the arm a
little bit there are you like grabs your
finger take an immediate like iron grip
on your finger oh and he just says no
touch and then let's your finger go
that's not the voice of a bill I've only
run into him once how badly do you need
those papers can't only the papers just
my boss told me to get the papers I
gotta finish my dissertation why it's do
i why eating this kid involved it's not
fair to him
I've got like 23 pages of finishing this
I'm Way behind all right I'm a
dissertation take a step back from the
car and then then I look over at Donald
the the two guys in the car are
unsettlingly calm hmm are they the kind
of unsettling calm that I would have
recognized from when Gavigan brought me
brought someone down from being a parrot
shark no they're not in like they're not
like totally that was like total blank
that was just a total like that this is
just like we're in can we know something
you don't
and we're in complete control how far
was the last town I passed it was about
a half mile back
take care they're not even trying to
stop climbing out I'm found out of this
situation I don't want to be very wisely
do not take bills side no jog down the
road so you will see a guy get out of
the car and just start like very out of
shape idli like he jogged her that he
has to walk and then he jogs a little oh
that he's walking and like he's starting
to recede into the distance just along
the side of the a4 I have a feeling
we're gonna see that kid again I'm gonna
like carefully walk back over to our car
not not exactly turning my back on them
but not exactly backing away mm-hmm and
like reconvene with Donnell what's the
story I know where we're going they
didn't have an idea why we're going and
if we don't go back to London it's going
to turn into a fight well then no we're
going they know where we're going pretty
good idea how do they know where we're
going Gaffigan dominus Dylan stick I
miss to make an intelligence roll both
of us aren't sure you're on the road to
the misser house being followed by
clearly Gavigan has a tail on you
no but there's nowhere else you're going
their point we're going to the to the
seat of the county like we should be
we're going to be going there to take
Emma there there's plenty of everybody
if you're heading in that direction they
just assume that's where you're going
yeah let them assume well well I like
alright if they assume that we're going
to the mr. house let's go to Harwick and
and which is on the way like every way
let's let's let's go to Harwich let's
get Emma to the county seat started
doing some paperwork
maybe I'll get bored and go away they're
gonna follow us all right yep said this
one how are we ever gonna complete our
like okay so we have two options we
either take care of these two here or we
go straight to the mr. house and take
care of these two there where there
potentially could be more or less how
many guys get the car less less that's
like one guy disappear we get in the car
because it's cold and the windows open
and I just get these February yeah all
right well we can't take care of them
here number one will leave bodies in a
car we have a witness it just ran down
the road hmm and I believe in the 20s
the heat was at Pitt like you opened a
thing and the edge of the car this way
yeah so we can't deal with them here
look too many problems how about we just
drive to the county seat and then to see
what happens all right but also they can
get more people well if we don't go all
the way to the house they said that are
following us so if we're just going to
the county seat we can at least get some
information we may not get the
reconnaissance that you and I want which
is unfortunate but but if they already
know we're going to the house we might
as well just go to the house and throw
down there'll be more of them there well
we could there have come a follow us
right we need to lead them somewhere
where there be alone problem being is
once that car is found with the bodies
in it the investigation will begin yep
well we have a very short time if we did
dispatch them very short windows for us
to do our thing and it's too soon for us
to take care of these be so open the map
what else is we're out here we go
alright so you are looking at what
seemed like should we go someplace
further than the misser house
so there's London that's London that is
Walton on the nave okay there's not a
whole lot here there's Harwick car which
is up here there's Colchester you will
are not really aware of much in the way
Hey look it's done which I mean it's
done it's done it's up here so you
couldn't go into done it take them to
damage and horrible well there were some
argument on on Wednesday about how to
pronounce it I say we take them to the
county seat do our research there and
what happens I mean they're just gonna
follow us and annoy us that's all that's
gonna happen yeah but if they follow us
at a noise further out in a different
direction then we may be able to deal
with it and it'll be away from where the
kids sauce Joseph nice enough good just
just I'm sorry what was this Joseph so
does Yosef know your name Alexandria yes
it is not an uncommon first name your we
can't there's a witness we can't do
anything to these two what's trying to
get the witness they'll see us get the
witness yeah I know get the kid okay
well what good would that do well first
of all step one out of character you
have to play oh I have an idea
I have an idea we don't we could use
someone on the inside it tells all about
the that you want to turn in you
wondering the kid into a double agent
it sounds like perhaps ease might be
more willing to help us maybe you can
get some of the papers we couldn't get
get access to the opposite thing I've
been it's I'm tired and things are
getting weird here not that they haven't
gotten weird already but if we get rid
of those two in the car have the kid kid
gets us in with the papers he's
apparently not very smart according to
you actually succour on dossier exactly
he was talking about a dissertation and
he seems at least pretty book smart I
got the sense he was just an academic
kid well not very worldly loris admit
you didn't meet him either all right
well I think I think it's a good idea to
grab him then because if we can turn him
we can get rid of these two my not have
a witness
technically yep no that's true if we
have to get rid of these two like I'm
fun with that which I think we may need
to yeah let's just see what the kid has
to say that did we turn the car yes
I have an idea though I very much look
forward to this you know I saw the kid
at the penny Foundation huh huh he's
never seen him up before like he did
when she was hanging out the window well
he doesn't know who I am is right well
when we were at the penny Foundation
Sylvia I drew on a seduction scene I
smell it's the best get she ruined all
the kids no it's the kid was married
unplaced
with the whole blood of us he didn't
seem to mind me he just so wait what did
some of you do now he was trying to get
a kid look at the kids papers and dumped
ink all over him intentionally or just
by just being can we just being a
butterfingers no wasn't intentional I
don't think it was oh no I was a fumble
I didn't tell from where I was tough I'm
pretty sure he didn't mean to but if
only because it's Silvano like would he
actually get rid of information you
wouldn't actually get rid of information
if it was something that he could use
Silveri but what is that we just picked
the kid up and just be like hey we
understand you have an in at the mr.
house let's go
we're going there please ignore the car
it's very familiar car to you about
let's ma forget Brad
that's worth a shot yeah that's worth
the try good being interesting could be
hilarious thank you alright so you want
me to turn on the 8/4 you drive across
the median bat winds up to Harwood
should stand I'm seeing like a country
two-lane road sure it's fine all right
so you just pull you and you you take
off down there they follow you
they're like good they took just like
drive like two miles an hour behind
Silvio like my mom got out of the car
and like my dad they were fighting and
my dad's like get in the car yeah
basically just like pull up alongside
him and then like matches his walking
pace okay so a car the car of those
those crazy people as Americans pulls up
not bite your tongue driving very slowly
over her oh god yeah make it you don't
even need me you need to make a spot hit
and roll like pretty obvious about I
don't know oh yeah four or five car
lengths back is your car drum matching
that speed very slowly I told Rachel on
the drive up here that I thought of me I
wanted to do a car chase hi Joseph right
I am NOT shouting across the just talk
like fun let's go yeah I wanted to make
sure I got your name right oh all right
what's your name Alexandria I should
have known that you told me that once
before and I completely like five I
guess misplaced it like my mind okay do
you want to ride to the misser house I
just I can't handle the small talk
anymore
Oh which one are you what do you mean
which one am i I'm a man I like stick
[Laughter]
with triangle basura hi nice to meet you
do you want to get in it's cold outside
and we're going can you guys give me a
ride back to the next town I got to get
back to London why do you have to go to
London I thought you're supposed to go
to the mr. house according oh I was
supposed to go to miss your house but
you should get in instead of talking all
the way outside and Bobby but I just get
in the car it is cold yeah I'm tired of
walking it's but five minutes I'll get
in the car that's how you kidnap so like
idle the car where we are cuz I don't
want him to freak out when I turn around
the guys Ivan and Bill and Bill is
nineties
okay
there's threatening like to kill you
guys if you don't go back to London
okay which doesn't make any sense to me
because they used to give me a ride to
the mr. house well we can instead of get
Martha Misurata stay start following you
guys so I think they've completely lied
to me except my boss Gavigan told me to
go to mr house cuz there's some papers
he wants Sergio keys to get in yeah I
got the keys on the night I to the
library can we take you there
yeah I guess but those two guys are
gonna be really crazy about I mean she
here's the thing you're gonna be stuck
with them are you gonna be stuck with
them so we could take stick remember
stuck with us exactly behind them behind
us so we could take you there and like I
don't know drop you off maybe come in
come in coming up empty okay but I'm
just a little worried cuz those guys are
kind of dangerous guys and I just like
turn around and look at him in to say if
we go to the mr. house and these two
guys are real mad about it I don't want
to become the middle of thing weird
stuff you don't have to get caught in
the middle of anything if you don't want
to well I'm gonna be caught in the
middle something am I gonna take you
guys in the mr. house that's not really
Gavigan safe bring you to mr. house
Gaffigan this was gonna happen
but Gavigan clearly knew that this was
going to happen so what it was so what
isn't he telling you I mean we'll just
drop you off it'll be fine we can just
drop you off this is really weird
something really weird is going on here
mm-hmm how do you know you guys are
going in this that's a good question I
don't know but you know what he told me
to get some stuff in mr. house right and
if I I'm just doing what he told me to
do exactly
get out of my head all right I don't
care you can take me or they can take me
but as long as nobody shoots anybody or
stabbed in there buddy everything weird
all right so you take a u-turn you're in
the car with yourself so it is no ID so
you're driving to the mr. house yes well
actually you're driving to Harlan yeah
driving to heart which because she needs
to get the papers and the plans in the
layout here's the thing is that if we
just get in the mr. house with the keys
did did your boss say that anyone else
was going to be out there no no like
servants housekeeper there's always
people there's always staff okay I'm not
gonna be there by myself I would just go
to the staff and they would show me into
the library that's why I'm assuming in
fact you don't even really know where
the mr. house is Ivan was driving me
there I've never been before
I don't know about it this would be a
treat for everyone it's supposed to be
really really nice place you know miss
ER is a Arabic for Egypt I didn't know
that mmm and said the house has been in
the family for my understanding for many
generations by don't know why it's
always been called that I think got a
different name I haven't done a history
of it but I know that Gavigan seems to
imply that his family's owned it for
quite some time okay
that's interesting okay you guys know
that isn't yeah we know that we know
dude like down to the ground like
panicked oh yeah it's going just like if
I keep talking and just like there and I
knew by casually driving has any family
- no I listen never met his family come
to think of it he's not married he's a
single he said no children yeah no
anybody asked me do as long as laundry
to dry very well things also make sense
poor literally so you reach it about to
an hour in an uncomfortable half
you you read I'm sick of this guy's
voice ten minutes he just did the
silence is more scary to him than they
so you reach Hardwick and there is a
town hall mm-hmm all right I know this
is our stop
all right so I'm gonna this is not
commissioner is there a restroom maybe
here I could use yeah we're gonna get
directions and somehow maybe some tea
would be nice okay I don't think we want
to wait here too long I could use some
food
they have parked about three spaces away
from you cool
totally fine do you want to take him for
some teen I'll go inside all right
sounds like a plan okay Donna we'll
watch the car and make sure no the
cabins do everything so he will see they
don't get out of the car all right I'm
gonna take him with me to like a little
cafe or something
all right so at the Town Council you
find are you just gonna give it to me
sure okay you find a little bit of
information about the estate it is it is
on an island in the nays which is
basically the Moors and it is very near
to something called the noise tower that
was that is a ruin basically that was a
navigation aid for shipping headed to
North to har which it is and the tower
it's on an island hmm yes when it's this
tower is it like like a stone castle
type tower or is it like what does that
mean it is it is basically it's almost a
lighthouse okay basically done and they
like I need location number of buildings
like just the general specs that you
would have on hand like how many houses
like how many so there are there's a
main house a main three-story manor
house and then there is a garage which
was a stable yeah and some servants
quarters and has there just like I would
assume in the u.s. like every time you
go to make construction do you have to
like has he had there hasn't been any
recent construction on it the estate is
6,000 acres so this isn't most of the
island okay and then does it indicate on
the property line who the other owner is
so on one end it abuts the ocean okay
and on the other its so actually what
you will find is that a lot of the land
izl is sub wet so there are a number of
farmers okay and that sort of thing who
have sublets of the land the estate
itself is about 400 acres okay
the mr. house estate Dennis and I'm
assuming there's a boat or a dock or
something yes there is a doctor near
that tower the tower you're not on his
property okay and I chat with the person
who brings the plans and ask if there
have they've been to the island oh no no
that's a ways away okay I'm going to
walton-on-the-naze I'm lately over look
at is it relatively close to the to the
to the island yeah what was not that far
away what newsy oh I don't know 20 30
minutes okay
as a crow flies okay because we're just
looking for a nice place to stay
oh well what on-the-knees has a lovely
little room for rent
okay mrs. soldering Tain's
she makes a mince pie that I still think
about okay all right thank you oh cool
and I just dropped back outside after
making my notes yeah and they have
they've gotten him a little tea in a
restroom and Donald you know they those
two guys haven't left the car there you
sitting there he'd make sure that he's
also keeping our car they can't sabotage
it do something okay good point so I
know I'd talk to Donald and I'm like I'm
not too sure how we're gonna point this
out because the mr. house is on an
island apparently all right we need to
get me up to come back to get there well
no I mean I'm assuming there's a road
there's a there's a road in a bridge yep
so there's our age and college but it
doesn't seem like there's a place to
stay and so walton-on-the-naze is about
20 or 30 minutes away which means that
if we go there or kind of stuff there
it's not like we can go and stay at an
inn on the island and then you know I
mean walk through the back door or
whatever what if we go somewhere else
and rent a boat and then buy a boat
get the deal on our way not take the
road well I think we should drop the kid
off
where should we drop them what is a is
goon buddies go back to London kid no I
mean that's the question is should we
take him to the house knowing that it's
a 20-minute drive to get out and that
we're on an island they could easily
trap us all not Ireland exactly they
told us not to go there exactly we're
just asking for trouble
exactly
hmm what if so wasn't quite thinking
when I said let's get the kid and take
him to the house oh it wasn't like we
knew yeah by the way they're having this
conversation that you're like well I
think he's over he and I are getting
food and she's over talking to Donald we
could drop the kid off somewhere close
say good luck kid here's a sandwich
burger knock further giving him a great
feeling about the party
I mean how how how in our weeds I mean
are we all in to take the kid to the
house and just go in and just be like
let's have some tea and look around I
think if we do that we will be in
trouble we'll be trapped at that house
bad things will happen leaving the house
will be difficult for us if we go that
far and we may have to ambush these two
goons on the way to the house we could
do it on the island what am I saying
all right I'm done I'm getting in the
car somebody someone come get us I don't
see a lot of yeah me neither
well I have an idea hmm we disabled
their car how they don't get out of it
very easily well if they drive close
enough to us we shoot the tire and then
we drive off in their stuff cuz you know
and we do that every day he said the way
he says that is terrifying
yeah very calmly a matter of fact so
which has been unusual for me
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the tire is relatively nonviolent
from my I can't even understand this
this these are these are not even words
I understand [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the engine could
worked in she'd the gas tank would be
more fun I like Donald okay
I'm to get Alexandre and the kid from
the from the puppy here yeah all right
yeah you're on the carpet you want to
wait do you want to like when you go -
yeah yeah all right yes I'm just gonna
be like I have the plan
the directions to the house it looks
like it's on an island which I didn't go
oh there there must be a bridge right
yes there is a bridge so we'll just
have to cross that bridge and drop you
off and across that bridge back Wow
would we cross that bridge and then I
escort him sort of gently out of the
door in front of us after you oh thanks
so you're telling me there's one way in
and one way out yeah so I make us yeah
to this manor house yeah oops and sorry
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh I don't like this I do not like
being trapped why do you guys want to go
to the mr. house that was a question to
ask an hour-and-a-half why am I taking
you to the Messer house maybe maybe you
just I'll go and you guys go back to
London how are you going to get there
because goon boys over there are
following us are you going to walk all
that way I'd love to see your shoes
after that I just want to walk there I
hate this job shoes will be actual
literal dangers on your feet when you're
done okay we could send you I mean
here's the thing your boss is a bad
person your boss does some some
notoriously bad things then I suspect
there are some bad things at that house
hold on wait a mean hold on operated
very nice Edward Edward mr. Kavon
advocate he's very nice to mr. Edward
really yeah mr. Gavigan he he and he's
helping me on my dissertation he was
gonna sign off on it he gave me some
great resources to use and where the
resources somewhat odd someone went Dane
really really he never lets me look at
the good stuff in the day in the library
you don't want to see the good stuff
they have a one easy everything else is
just kind of whitewashed they have they
have good stuff in the life I mean it
everything is written by English people
about the Egyptians I don't have a lot
of good source
you know primary source I'm a source is
what I was looking for okay so can we
circle back to the Mac that
your boss is a terrible person and
you've done some terrible things to some
people like who like your people no I
does he look Egyptian to me so to have a
guy I know he's been visiting wonderful
gentleman to everyone I've seen him talk
to and in fact with and then and then he
hires people like like Ivan and Bill who
showed up at our head our hotel room and
was trying to break the door down
wait what are you talking about exactly
what I just said those guys work in
shipping
they're like security in the back that's
a good word they load the pack crates
and put the I met bill before the fact
that he walked away is interesting why
does he call himself Bill I have no idea
but you know the point the point remains
they were part of a group that broke
into our hotel room and nicked things
from us they've also done some very bad
things like what Yosef make a psychology
roll the first die roll oh good people
are crazy and they are lying what the
hell are they like sure he showed up at
their house and tried to kill people
yeah okay but who the hell are these
people in kind of a bad situation why do
they want to go to the misery just play
along and what you decide but that's
yeah you tell us what you want to do but
that is your read on them is that they
are lying and you're gonna have to make
a new backup character this might be the
first time did he kill the back of your
back of character out that's why dr.
Doyle said is back in New York now as
far as you okay okay
so dr. Gavigan broke into your hotel
room and stole your stuff with the two
goons and now you guys want to go with
break in his house right well from a
reliable source
we understand that he's committed crimes
more serious in nature as well and we're
looking for evidence in order to turn
him into the police like a reasonable
person would do I have no idea what
you're talking about either you guys
work for Scotland Yard no but I'm a
professional private investigator and
I've worked with the police many times
in New York let me see your badge do I
even have a badge that one
you know the bench well private
investigators don't get a country to
give up badges did you watch papers what
no there isn't
what are you on about there's a license
I've lived here long enough you gotta
have some it's a paperwork right Joseph
it's America it's a lawless wasteland
over there's people working processes
I'm not I'm not a licensed private
the Bible here are my papers here's my
Fri time but in New York I'm a private
investigator and what does no New York
private investigator have to do with dr.
Gavigan in London we're following the
trail oh god do I have to even go there
when you were when you were working with
dr. Gavigan and Sir Robert Penn here did
colored gentleman from American color
gentle investigator he checked in a
couple times at the foundation I
remember that
I didn't talk to the dude was crazy he
just looked at our books and he was
asked to leave at one point I was I
remember security had actually kicked
him out he was very he reminds me of you
guys no he had some crazy theories and
stuff so you guys are you guys know this
guy we work for a foundation put
together by Jackson wise in order to
investigate the crimes and actually to
investigate the disappearance of was it
the Carlisle exact our life's passion
dr. Pena yes yes so trying to track down
your old boss and I like dr. pin you a
lot I've heard
but good things about him he was a
mentor my informant for many years and
if he kind of one of those wild goose
chase I don't know well I know what he
was thinking but nobody believes him
what was he thinking he had a crazy
theory I think is it now the missing
piece of Egyptian history and what not
I'm very excited it's me he had some
good leads and so we're just trying to
return from what I understand he is
deceased and return his body you know
just find out what happened mmm that's
why his body no that did not they did
colored folks they found the the they
found his body they never returned it
they found a massacre site in Kenya and
they the official story which you may
believe or not believe as you wish to is
that the remains there were the remains
of the Carlisle expedition I don't buy
it
mm-hmm I mean since a certain since when
did they tell the truth about it was
very very hokey and and so we're
following the path of the Carlisle
expedition and we came across your boss
who is from what we understand from all
sources including his face and that
terrifying little smile are you
trustworthy and downright somewhat
devious and murderous there I said it I
said it murderous I don't I don't know I
don't see that dr. Gallagher he's not a
murderer
no not himself but I'm sure he has other
people do it like villains head back
there most excellent okay I mean
here's the thing
we can take you to the house that's fine
get the car don't get in the car hang
out with these two whatever I'm cold I'm
getting in I'm doing did you get pie no
I just have some teeth damn it so all
right fine I'm good I don't need any
more food I'm okay we're just trying to
find out the truth
if you're if there is something there
that'll help us find what happened then
we would like to find out sir how are
you willing to let these people into
certain Edward Gavigan z-- home well I
know those two guys are gonna follow us
anyway
and I'm if I he told me to go there so
I'm just gonna do my job and if these
guys get in trouble with those guys I
just want to be there when they get shot
that's why once they are that mess well
so like okay we'll deal with that when
we get there
all right so you're driving to miss her
house then yep
I'll glance over at the two
walton-on-the-naze yeah right direction
they're watching us right oh yeah I kind
of this thank you guys we can't figure
out where the bridges though cuz I mean
if you look on the map it would be so
there's I mean there's a number of
country roads there I've got the map the
map is very imprecise about areas around
here okay
but yes they'll just give you a nod
actually he'll mouth the word he looks
une Mouse the word London hmm miss your
house hey it's very telegraphed we could
use I tell her yeah sure no there's a
foundation all right instructions about
what I should be doing right now
Oh Lord we don't have time okay what
what is your Telegraph saying all right
this is yousef Bashara
yeah I'm on way to miss her house yeah
but drivers what they go back to London
and please send instructions I'm not
gonna mention the Americans or any other
stuff in the teller all right you don't
stop calling me in America I swear to
God and you're gonna wait for the reply
yeah I like to wait on the fami so he is
gonna sit he wants to sit in this
telegram office fine on one condition
you don't call me an American again
okay all right okay what sir I'm gonna
call you I'm English but what should I
call you England I can call you an
English woman I am so it doesn't make
sense it doesn't distinguish you from
anyone else that's more or less the
point I couldn't use her name that would
be the proper okay descriptor so you're
on Xandra and you're Emma correct and
you guys are and don't worry mutton Jeff
we're gonna are the Friends of Jackson
our lives great friend close personal
friend hope you would say the same about
me may he rest in peace now you want
cheesecake cilantro cheesecake so you're
now you've been in this telegram office
don't they close up at this Stonehenge
so there's still some time yep so any
lagrosse yet you okay so a reply comes
through okay
and the reply says come back to London
eg oh okay Oh guys Alexandria and I'm
supposed to go back to London it looks
like okay I mean a few musts we're not
going back to London
you can obviously we can drop you at the
station or you can there is a train
station in Harwich yeah we can drop you
at the train station on our way out of
town
it's not a problem okay you you guys
could be okay maybe yeah more things no
one Hey I think it's staying in this
situation any longer I said get him in
trouble
is it it's a given more trouble I'll
think he wants to get any more trouble
than this I spent this has been
interesting adventure but he never wants
to see these people again
this is gonna make it real interesting
way if you ever see a part of the Ron
Howard boys he will see these alright if
these are dropping off for the train
station and I appreciate it all right
all right
they drive with you to the train station
actually the train station is like
across yeah there's a there's a train to
London in an hour
hey thanks for the tea and biscuits good
luck kid okay good luck whatever you
guys are doing yeah probably better not
to ask at the moment yeah kid I'm only
four years older than him all right
you've seen enough so now you're gonna
drive to Walton on the nave then all
right don't forget it's fascinating
watching you shift characters they are
the car they remain four or five car
lengths behind you
I can shoot the tire it is about at this
point you are driving with headlights it
is getting dark go back and shoot the
headlights I then so then they just
can't see it doesn't matter I think if
you can do something - didn't - disable
them let's take them somewhere out away
from the rest of the traffic going to
Walton on the nave is the definition you
are driving like a kind of all not
winding but a looping country road into
the English countryside
so I'm suspecting what happens if once
we check in we kind of do a little
subterfuge and ask for a place that's
not where we're going hmm and then drive
towards there and then you can shoot
their tires out and then we go to the
mr. house by the time you get to Walton
on the nave it's gonna be in the evening
okay
I just don't fortunately our sleep
schedules already screwed yeah I'm
perfectly awake I I've had some very
strong coffee at that at that cafe if
you could have had some cocaine you'd be
flying our description okay
Crowley could help cook you up any way
that we didn't force them to crash into
the ocean or these these small roads
near the edge of a class you've got
closer to so Walton is like on the coast
basically where they haven't
accident and crash into the ocean
somehow do you have suggestions I hear
nothing because I am NOT I I can drive a
car but I'm not thrilled enough to drive
them off the road what's your drive
skill we taste bass yeah take them I'll
just drive normally it's like when I saw
whether it's my age with the dangerous
curves I shoot the tires as before they
make the curve and perhaps they have an
unfortunate accident and they'll manage
the curve and crash their own vehicle
good work let's try it and so you're
betting on the fact that their worst
drivers than you are what about if we
check into an inn and somehow how would
we sneak out and get to the mr. house
without being detected
here's a way that nobody has to drive
anybody off a cliff or anything and that
we leave the car there the problem is
that is that Walt Walton upon up on the
nave is like 20 to 30 minute drive yeah
from the messer and there's one road
especially once you get to the to the
park close to the bridge which means
it'll be a hike there's two of them
three of us I hate to say this but we
could all split up and they can't all
three of us yes no I think it's a
terrible idea because they are well
aware of which of us can fight and which
of us can drive and I can do none of it
I am NOT leaving Emma to be a sitting
duck well disable their vehicle I'm
trying I mean like cover the ear closest
to him all right so so in you're gonna
have to lean out of the car like you you
can step on the running board and
there's nothing like we can't do an
exoskeleton Anna in the tailpipe the
back window these are their actual
window or is it something we converts a
circle it's it's light remove it isn't
like the plastic yeah
let's remove remove that and I can and I
can shoot from inside the car the
problem is is the noise is gonna yeah
you do not no one else likes that idea
please don't deaf in the driver of
promised about the runner hey I'm still
covering the air closest to him as soon
as you step out on the runner here we go
a warning shot fires front just a wild
shot just like just to like let you know
that they see you and know what you're
doing well here turn take careful aim
taking aim
shooting off have you shot from the side
board of a car often not often yeah so
I'm gonna give you disadvantage on this
yeah I mean typically if we would do
some like this we would drive up stop
partner fire I'm gonna use I'm gonna use
some proper nama clay Chur you have a
penalty die on this roll but can we do
this to get rid of it or should we wait
no you accept the inspiration is a
reroll oh yeah good so unless you
thought it'd change the inspiration
rules nope music with a penalty dog yeah
we do hey oh you bet 38 is with the
penalty not 1108 oh man on firearms as a
thoughts in regular success alright
so roll your damage alright which on a
this is a I need D to really D 10+2 yes
what Wow nice damn and you were shooting
the car right yeah she didn't them go
for the front tires on the car okay so
I'm gonna use some DM inspiration hoo-ha
Leon alright so you you fire and the
guy just swerves and there's a boom an
automotive dodge and now they're gonna
shoot you and so you can make a drive
roll I'm done with this no no okay
I didn't fumble it but it's a 39 you
remember we've had enough for the car
I'll give you a dodge roll with with a
penalty 9 RS cuz they're they're not
shooting at the car they're shooting at
you
this is 70 for sale alright this is you
take seven points of damage
oh my god they win be good I'm gonna ask
for a con roll you should make your
collingsgood make the CONMEBOL
yeah your cons good good
forty is a success alright so you like
the the force of the bullet like ripping
into you you like latch on to the inside
of the car and you're holding on and
you're like holding on with one arm and
you managed to hold on to your gun as
well but you are not happy there is
bleeding involved yeah well I got the
guy shot at these guys I'm so
disadvantaged so are you two doing
anything yeah I'm yelling dump the 45
alright it was yelling about going to
the police
where do you mean where I don't know
where the police we are not close enough
to anything do you get police we're
going to shot them anyway alright well
these others on the turn to act
what are you doing I'm I'm still I'm
still driving I'm like watching Donald
to see if he needs me to haul him back
into the car okay alright so now we're
gonna go to initiatives oh yeah 80 80
all right you go a piece always
converging with disadvantaged Stiller oh
yeah okay all right 32 which actually is
a hard success it was
- and there's a zero - all right that
breaks my heart
but a heart success means full damage
right yes roll we just 12 okay you do 12
all right so you you blow the tire off
of that car and like sparks are flying
and they are trying to keep driving on
the axle yeah they're gonna get one shot
at your car you can make a drive roll
nope
all right I'm like ducking that is not a
heart success though oh all right um
uh look luck you say I made a critical
success with done nobody oh the person
who was trying to all right so you like
a bullet tears through the back of the
car and hits you huh and you take did
you boost your health fitness imagine
normal with the Pope rules you take
seven points of damage
Shh was I supposed to change my health
which I think we did yours right we can
check but not not for mmm I never
changed my head my head points okay they
just will figure it out after we don't
take some points in damage for now and
and and you have been shot okay they are
grinding on the axle he's gonna make a
drive with penalty to even stay on the
road come on can we inspire him to
re-roll I don't know depends on how bad
that one they hit the floor was your
advantage yeah thank goodness I had
spiration
yeah it was good their car basically
grinds to a halt okay good well there it
disabled to the listing do we leave them
here yes if we go to the Miss her house
and get help for a bleeding passenger
who's just
I know I'm gonna like floor it and and
dry music 40 yes first aid first enroll
is I failed that oh well ooh I heal you
though I heal the hell out of you yet
you get four points back sir you get
five points back damn you get one back
and aren't bleeding or anything okay all
right so I'm focused on driving but like
so you drive are you doing you pull into
Walton on the nave not great about 6:30
all right
do we stop here or no we keep going keep
going you don't know where the mr. house
is you have to ask somebody okay and
won't Naaman Eve there are two places
with lights on the pub and mrs. whatever
her name is this is nodding - no no no
southern southern Canton she has a she
has rooms for let let's go talk to her
okay oh are you two still bleeding or
are you still covered in blood there is
there is blood in your blood go get a
hotel room for us and go we'll need to
clean and change this up but I'm doing
okay I'll be fine if your assurance need
to change the clothes are outside all
right so you come in lovely nice old
lady hello hello good evening how are
you I'm very well how can I help you lo
fantastic Mia I'm like myself and two of
my friends are looking for a place to
stay for the night well you're in luck
I've got free rooms fantastic we would
like them very nice
can I help you with your bags oh no
we're fine with them then we travel
light I see well I'm just about to have
supper if you need a bite I will check
in with the others thank you of course
she is sitting in the like entry room
there's like the sitting room with the
door there and she's just knitting
there's a cat
going in between her legs Edie there's
like warm the the house smells and feels
like warm tea
mmm I guess I miss my grandma anyway so
I'm gonna like watch fursat and look
like bend down and the cat and the cat
will come toward you and Oh Bernhard
likes you hibernate like epicatechin
yeah that's very happy all right okay
well we bought the hunting clothes
earlier remember put the hunting jacket
over our injured cells should get in and
get out well let's get in it just
changed and then get out of here
did you bring a change of clothes come
back so I'm gonna come back out and both
of you make me a stealth roll to not
appear like you've been shot stealth is
sorry
so you you are being supported like
Donal is like oh yeah because I lost
basically half my hip points depending
on what yeah you were not as I'm using
so she just keep sitting there knitting
all right and I feel like it's a Hot
Fuzz moment where she's like okay like
pit and pit myth the cat for a second
then get up and go and go and yep
talk to the others yep so we have rooms
excuse the room to get cleaned up fixed
up as best we can our parents and
there's a roast for supper and there's
that we don't have time I am hungry five
minutes if you can scar from a roast you
might let it stay for five minutes let's
let's ask her to 15 minutes no have you
had a proper English supper before we're
never getting out of minimum an hour all
right so you go up to your rooms there
is a shared bathroom which you work very
hard to make not full of blood yeah and
I have some first Europe you might be a
little weirded out at how like
meticulous they both are about this
actually
just happy about it because I'm just
sloppy and exhausted I'm like move she's
used to me by now
yeah and so you all put on your hunting
clothes mm-hmm put something over on yes
and go downstairs Oh going out are you
right right late-night are you Irish
that I am I just keep pushing them
Thanks
what are you hunting nice all right so
you two are relatively fixed up yeah
it's bad I guess best we can do roll on
me I can try I mean I'm not great at it
but not nope no I got a 91 so you didn't
quite stick your thumb in I need to see
that the next time let's say you stop
the blood all this nature's cork all
right said cork was nature's cork
literally all right shall we yeah all
right so you are going where to get
directions oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the pub the pub okay
I'm not going in this time I'm just
waiting in the car so your hunting
clothes are like outerwear mm-hmm
so when you'd go in the pub
traditionally I will go into the pub
okay thank you I got this so the pub is
you know it seems like all five of
walton-on-the-naze as best and brightest
are here drinking and playing darts
there does all right well I'm gonna make
my way over to the the person behind the
bar
good evening mom good evening sir I just
had a quick question for you oh cool I
was asked I was wondering if I can get
directions to the miss her house miss
her house yeah it's a Gavigan zhh place
yeah that place
oh yeah well get a hit out a town about
I don't know a kilometre mm-hmm you're
gonna see a tree what looks like a
hangman's noose
all right gonna make a left there okay
then you're gonna go I don't know about
20 minutes you're gonna drive and you're
gonna cross a bridge and when you cross
a bridge you're gonna come to a gate and
a fence and that's that's mr. house
thank you so much
sure sure I'm gonna come and hit him
come back out grab it grab my jacket
pulling on as I'm walking okay all right
ready go that's got it exactly well we
have the ability to I don't think we're
going to be able to get into the house
obviously which is awesome we need to be
able to find we need to be able to find
where the ritual site is outside in the
back where you usually do the rituals
very large estate yes but someone like
Gavigan wouldn't want to go too far from
the house you're probably walking
distance from the house probably fairly
easy what is it like Aleister Crowley
knows very little okay so he does have
some athleticism it's not like two steps
out he's like oh I tire of this ritual
[Laughter]
probably does most of his rituals in his
bedroom tower how close is that tower to
the Times the tower is a fair ways away
from there also at night mm-hmm
it'll be great if we're late is that so
- look Howard this is this this point is
Walton on the nave mr. house is this way
the tower is along the coast this way
that may fit we're tall enough we could
actually look over the whole area is it
treed but it's not on them is it's not
on the island is it no it is not on the
island that would be a long shot even
for you I might be a good view it but we
could see your daytime
yeah well it's it's like more than a
kilometer away the tower okay it is not
a sniper spot maybe the observation post
and I'm assuming it's not it's not very
tall either it's not like a fire to ruin
it's it's about 86 feet taller than I
expected
right so they said that there is a after
we cross
there's a fence and a gate so we may
want to park right on the road park on
the other side of the bridge at least
leave the car over there across the
bridge on foot mm-hmm all right get it
yeah get it get them get over the fence
however we need to how are you two
holding up I've been a lot better
I've been sitting in the car fine my
shock might have said it's still inside
me actually right now if I move my chest
or shoulders too much it really really
is really biting army
I'll be all right that's just later
on we need to take care of this maybe I
go there famous last words
later on I should really take care of
this for me I think so all right
rough surgery so you can Wilson right
now you can make it to the gate no
problem mm-hmm
there's not a lot to conceal the car but
you can like pull off to the side of the
road cuz nobody should be doing here who
doesn't who doesn't belong here
all right so what is that what is that
like the the how does the bridge look
and can we see the gate from here the
bridge is a low stone bridge over really
a stream okay good through it easily
we're not to trap to them yeah well no
where there are no lights good
the the house is not visible from the
gate this is the new moon right here so
we're we're in like the waning yeah
winning moon yeah there's very little
moonlight it's waning probably getting
to Crescent about no yeah it is dark but
the stars are incredible though you
right you have you that you did bring
flashlights this time yes I mean I'm
gonna go in grant and grab the
flashlights and a rifle hmm and shotgun
and let's walk this out so are you
walking the perimeter of the fence are
you walking going through the gate what
do you this gate is not I mean the fence
is like seven feet tall it's not that
hard to climb over if we need him I like
the perimeter of the fence
I'd like to do it on the inside of the
fence though yeah I want to provide
inside than the perimeter yeah all right
do you want to there's a lock you could
try and pick the lock on the turn turn
turn it on oh you don't have to squeeze
through I mean depending on your size
possibly what are you following over the
fence okay I don't know if I want to
climb over the fence but something
that's not difficult it's only seven
feet tall yeah yeah that's fair yeah let
me get the pics of try okay 85 is not
gonna work right no you'll get it open
enjoy it's just gonna take like an
uncomfortable amount of time passes yeah
and there's like a like is it I'm doing
it hold hold the light for him so he can
I've peed in the bushes be careful we
stopped toxic waste time yeah and and
but then there is a satisfying click
finally I put the pigs back in the pouch
cause pocha Beca alright so you know
there is a path that kind of leads that
way the walls to the right and the left
go all the way they they go as far as
the short amount you can see the
territory off the road becomes wooded
and definitely more sort of concealed
can we walk the treeline yeah let's work
the tree line to get towards what we
consider the end of the path I think we
should follow the perimeter of the wall
around the estate
it'll be a bit wooded a little hard to
traverse but it's also harder to see us
so there might be a good idea okay so
this wall is about you walk you're
walking a long way you go left
arbitrarily go and you are following the
wall and it's
it feels like you know you walk for 20
minutes
it's acres and then you you you hit the
joint of the wall everybody make me
listen rules just about i guard success
but it's not an extreme critical success
all right so you to yeah you to notice
as you're walking and and what clues you
into this is the guy who didn't get the
great success he liked steps on a branch
and there's like a cracking sound and
you both stop you're like that's the
first sound we've heard yeah it's it's
quiet too quiet
okay I mean I didn't grow up here so I
don't know if there's like is it the
Moors I mean there should be birds or
some things that says you guys are
well this is spooky okay it's cold
crickets are not the air is super wet
the wild the wild outdoors is never as
quiet as people seem to think it is and
this is we waited quiet
alright so I sprinkle a little holy
water around see what happens I mean
milk yes exactly
my bollocks not my oats quarter so we're
not in the wild not wearing is a state
where I know but it's an enormous estate
there should be rabbits running
I'm just Claire there's not dogs for
instance if he had dogs and being the
stable sure it's cold out they wouldn't
leave him out
should we had we but I haven't heard
anything so we're at the corner of like
the fence
so should we head in from here so
heading in would be like diagonal into
the woods basically own to the wounds
yeah but into but like I'm assuming
towards the house probably yeah cuz I'm
assuming he's not gonna put his little
boo do ritual thing all the way out here
I'm sure and again this is just you know
I'm just a p.m. I do exactly
then I would just be like you know what
maybe I'll put my like little murder
ritual sacrifice place in the gazebo
civilized I like that
well the entire estate is secluded so
it's not like he has to go somewhere
else he's safe here our witness told us
it was outside under the stars in the
woods in the woods range where we are
now so that shows me some clearing
perhaps near the house so looking for
maybe it may be aiming diagonally at the
house from here will get us close to a
clearing all right I'm good
that's right all right so it is rough
sledding through this it is it is
definitely slower going as you're trying
to sort of keep a straight line you know
basically you will come out of sort of
an opening and there is in front of you
a three-story white manor house it is
completely dark good everybody make a
spot hitting roll Oh 0-5 the extreme
success all right I got a fail so you
too
you're kind of sure and you're
definitely sure that to the left of the
house did you see a silhouette okay I'm
just like I'm freeze and look just one
silhouette just one silhouette does it
look like a person or yeah kind of all
right person in a hood for house still
what lights out watch okay there is a
little bit I mean it moves a little
whatever it is is kind of just sort of
mm-hmm seems like maybe a guard you know
a watchman of some sort I know there's
no lights in the house at all no lights
in the house at all
what's he seeing with he doesn't have a
flashlight no cigarettes nope so I'm
down on the ground and I'm trying to
like crawl backwards into the cover of
the woods like how you work you're good
yeah okay you you can you can all like
hide easily
yeah I'm crouched down and like looking
around seeing if I can see any other
silhouettes you don't see any noise
object perhaps and see what he does
which direction that direction all right
other side the house towards the house
that's right that's what house but done
the opposite where he's at he's left on
the right side of the house so like even
have to cross us you're here this is the
house he's like here then I'll go
something over there so we just across
the entire length of the house like this
is the front door of the house huh okay
so find a rocker stickers sure no
problem
madam rocket does not appear to react
hmm that's trouble I know what is he
let's wait enough for a little bit and
see if he changes he moves if he does
anything right you look at your watch
it's about nine o'clock you wait 30
minutes and other than like little
shifting movements there's no motion
motion well it doesn't seem suspicious
of us
it doesn't seem suspicious of a very
sudden crashing noise close to the house
that he's supposed to be watching that
can I see I turn back into the woods
can I see anybody like a second figure
no 21 no nobody else there you don't
hear anything you don't see anything
okay can we see what he's pointing what
is he looking at what is he facing in
the dressing like that way okay where
are we you're down here okay so do we
want to go and see if we can see what he
might be watching over if we're very
careful and very quiet well I went
through four really careful with it
creep along is that the perimeter around
towards where he's looking okay you can
all make stealth rules I'm gonna take my
time all right very slow oh that's oh
god I don't even make it do I thank God
for the advantage because that was a
seven day do I want to inspire I want to
inspire this 93 or six nine zero so a
lot of inspiration being used what was
your stuff my stealth is 68 yeah 20 is
much better yeah right okay Emma what
are you looking at here my question is
joy does not want to do this cuz I'm not
stealthy at all what is your style 2000
might this might anywhere yeah maybe and
you got a puncher's chance yeah yeah can
I just throw that inspiration at you
just not do just oh wait I'll just be
quiet sure I'm fine with that
so he'll actually with that role you
will show her you'll like lead her along
you take extra time right my steps so
you come around the side of the road and
you see over here is probably the stable
there's a large building there and he's
kind of standing here and so you guys
worked your way this way and the stables
like over here mm-hmm
do we see what he's looking at him and
he looks like the stable hmm all right
what's the stable look like what do we
see in this light just a big stable you
said it you said it is a garage and used
to be a stable yes sorry yes garage do
we want to creep around and see if we
can find a back way in that he might not
be able to see well the closer we get
the more chance we have of him saying us
I mean on the opposite side of the
building so go around the stable or
around the house around the stair in the
stable okay
go around around the back of the stable
so let's sure let's turn don't worry
about the rolls you made a good enough
roll so yeah you come around the back of
the garage and there is a back door
there's like a side door to the garage
everybody make me a spot hit and roll no
that's yes I just make it regular all
right you made it all right well it's a
botch is that matter for a spot made a
fumble yeah a fumble
it's awesome so no hurry I wasn't much
better you see a like you guys were
coming up the the door is like here's
the stable you're coming this way the
door the back door is here yeah the
garages main door is here you're coming
this way you see a figure slowly walking
this way okay so I push these two and
you hear it sounds like that the the
it's it sounds like the the what what
the person said something you don't know
what they said and there there's sort of
this low murmuring coming from the
person does it seem like they're talking
to someone
or just low murmuring is what you hear
is there anyone else near by him nothing
you see go go go we'd to hide yeah it's
the person coming toward us more like
walking around the side of the stable
hmm
all right let's let's fall back in
height mm-hmm okay back into the trees
in height I'm sorry
walks around the side of the stable slow
I mean again this guy they're moving
whoever this is is moving very slowly is
there anything that we can pick out
about them not cuz you keep running away
if you got close you could probably get
some details but in this in this light
yes and then and then get shot or
stabbed or parrot sharks I mean who
knows
[Laughter]
and the murmuring continues all right so
once once he's cleared the corner I'm
gonna beg we go try again all right
let's try okay you can like try the back
door is it locked
does not seem locked all right charlie
let's try it going to scrape inside all
right
who's going first I will all right make
nope fumble it though you feel a very
familiar like your pop pressure like you
and there's a little bit of resistance
as you walk through I like stop there's
the other side of the resistance
pleasure and you hear the murmuring
coming I like that it's got back out
okay and you're gonna go hide we're
gonna get ya okay figure comes back
around and goes through the door does
choice so have any idea where the
rituals going to take place outside
under the stars behind the house but
where that's literally all we know
that's it we've got that's good house
sure coming back around the front or are
you gonna we're gonna we're gonna try to
like circuit around the guy who's
looking at the corner a long way okay so
you're going around the back of the
house alright so going around the back
of the house behind the house there is a
plinth that you can clear even in this
light you can clearly see about I don't
know there's a back cover there's a
veranda of the house and then about a
football field away there is an open
it's it's all open and there is a plinth
so a kind of stelae Statutes yeah kind
of kind of an obelisk almost yes you
guys destroy that that seems like can we
go over to it and just like look around
very very careful and you have agency
right we're gonna do we want to go and
have a look this looks like a spot like
the spot I'm worried this looks like a
spot if they're going to protect the
garage with some sort of magic wouldn't
they also protect this location to have
a blame but right now I feel nothing and
we're outside and we've basically been
running all over his backyard but we
haven't gotten close enough to me hit
maybe with a field III remember
Wilhelmina touching an obelisk and then
well let's just check it out but does be
careful at a distance soon yes it'll
circle a circle in African yeah so we'll
go we creep over towards the ritual side
don't don't bother you will yeah you
make it - it is it is a clearing it
looks like there's it's it there's a lot
of footprint there it looks well-worn
and there are maybe some burn marks in
the grass
it's kind of hard to tell in this light
and it all seems centered around that
plinth and what about the markings on it
it's perfectly clear oh really
is it can we tell if it's black or is it
granite like can you tell it's branded
I'm actually going to it for if we were
out of what I feel like is reasonable
range of that guy like turn my
flashlight back on and like keep the
beam very low okay and like I cover it
with with my hand just so we can get a
better to look at things okay so yes
there are burn marks on the on the
ground and there are yeah there are burn
marks around the plinth
is perfectly it's smooth all the way
around and it seems like marble okay
it's like a white stone. so you have your flashlight out as
you pass it over a few times and
the burn marks look like campfire sized,
arranged around the
plinth there's no other statuary out here is there any
indication where someone might stand
during a ritual can we kind of fuss
about you I mean so my sense is you
haven't entered like there's kind of the
circle around the campfires and my sense
is you haven't entered that circle if
that is untrue if you want to like look
around the ground right by the plinth
you're welcome to not yet some other yes
all right I think we're still circling
as well it wasn't seen it's not clear
okay but there's like a stage or
something you have not seen one but it
looks like everything is centered around
this obelisk thing oh there's good
footage between the obelisk and these
the Ring of Fire
yes okay oh I thought it was like right
there's obelisk here's the ring a fire
no the obelisk is in the center got him
and then the ring is literally a rim
around the the Theophilus okay so I'm
gonna step into the Ring of Fire
okay now nothing happens alright I'm
alright so as you get closer in there is
sort of right below the plinth what you
first thought was a burn mark below the
plinth it's very clearly blood-stained
thought so yes okay okay alright this is
a spot make a mental note of this spot
because I for line-of-sight the plinth
actually is protecting the back of the
the ritual so we had to get it from
either side from the front if I if I had
to guess I would say that someone is
tied to this thing and had things cut
just like the pyramid yeah that would be
my gun where's the woods in relations in
a sprint to the woods just in case 100
yards it's a good run is the garage
2-story the stables two-story yeah that
was young that was 14 seconds wow that's
impressive
that is impressive I'm gonna turn my
flashlight off and just like do do a
circuit and look at the area around us
and see if there's anything that would
be raised enough for Donald to use as a
hunter's perch I mean the there's
there's definitely like porch a porch on
the house use that to the house the
wreath of the stable maybe wouldn't be
that particular is it is it a cancer or
a flat's cancer okay there's no like
adding up there maybe like a long has
been inside you don't know the usually
there's a lot it's been a long two was
doing catch nudge ya know there I mean
so to be clear there are no like there's
a large garage door on the on one side
but you don't see there's not a lot of
windows or anything like that and you
know stables didn't have a lot of
windows hmm so our best bet might be to
get you onto the roof of that garage
yeah all the way top and push the gun up
on top of the roof
it's long-range so a tough shot but I'm not
throwing away my shot dude do we press
our luck or do we leave I mean we know
where it happens we know how to get here
but there's something in this in the
garage that's damn protective and I'm
sure there's something in the house and
I'm sure their bodies are somewhere I
mean where did all this blood come from
if so if we will if we want to find
bodies and do things the way that you
want to do it we have to keep searching
that's the question or do we I think
we've accomplished our mission so
anything else is bonus and so far and I
think we get out while we can I think we
should okay all right
when you say get out while we can
everybody make a luck roll. I fail but by three.
You say let's get out while we can and something grabs
your ankle. I make a grinding noise in the back of my throat
as I stumble. It's dark but you see a hand reaching
through the ground and has grabbed
her ankle can I use the butt of my gun
to whack at it sounds like we're gonna
go we're gonna get out of this
You crunch it down and you feel like you
would have broken the hand of someone
that was alive and there's a there's a
crunching noise and like the thumb is
now like going at a weird angle but it
it still has a death grip so to speak I
got it I didn't bring my machete to this
fight I'm gonna
take a whack at it with my flashlight
okay because that's what I have in my
mind right now I don't like those
numbers nope all right again you crunch
down there and you feel like you got a
solid chunk of something but it doesn't
react and I'm like trying to pull away
and take it away like I have my gun like
terrific about the barrel and yeah third
time's a charm
all right so you bring your side like so
the first two loosened them for you
clearly thanks you bring your gun butt
down and you like flatten the hand
basically and it has let go of you I'm
gonna like scramble backwards like you
swear more of that arm is out of the
ground there's like a hole that is
starting to like come out let's go let's
go let me turn my flashlight on and look
because okay you still like covering it
with her flashlight down and there is a
not bloody at all kind of broken human
hand attached to a broken human arm that
is like looking for you make me a
sandwich
turn it on actually since she lit it up
you can all make Sam
you're welcome yeah now nope nope
that's six are nope that's well every of
you fails loses one sanity okay okay
that's fine I think it's fine and you
just I mean I've been grabbed by worse
things than I've been a dislocated arm
goes goes goes when you say can we go
and you've got your flashlight like you
flash it down and like you reflexively
are like I don't want to see that and
you turn it around and that's when you
notice that another figure was
approaching and it looks a lot like
those zombies that you saw in the bed in
the basement I just get like this big
this one looks a little familiar
oh no but only two two of you oh no it
looks like if it's your other it fits
your backup character no I will giggle
so hard that would be awesome
I have to change my poor guy it looks
like Inspector James Barrington one yard
well he wasn't he was he was the one who
was he's a good cop yeah straighten
narrow narrow down crime and he's just
like shambling he's doing the thriller
she's really shambling so it's and wait
do I recognize him right there use both
Rick yeah I'm like Inspector he does
nothing that you now know let's go