last
episode my friends on this table have an
elder sign that they made at Stonehenge
so here's what I'm gonna need from you
guys I'm gonna need to know by using
this who has this on their person at all
times
because that's only the small one right
so right now the professor is carrying
the elder sign all right and mentioned
that we're druids now they have
successfully performed a magic ritual at
Stonehenge
now they are officially druids no I
we made the sacrifice it all important
when some dude carpet thing in the stone
okay yeah but he didn't know the ritual
yeah he didn't but right now all you
have is a stone with a little thing in
it look at the production values and you
always own these values and your face
people that 3d print things for your
name so yeah you guys were at Stonehenge
you perform the ritual you lost some pal
maybe it's permanent maybe it isn't
you know keep doing that keep doing that
oh I will
and two more there are a long war there
are rules for very low pal characters
and they're very fun yeah I can't stop
drinking every time they see alcohol
they're like oh I'm hearing stay the
course I like it I think that works so
that goes now to you three who made a
little visit to the mr. house Edward
Gavin's estate and long story short
tripped some sort of psychic burglar
alarm and found a bunch of zombies
including inspect our old pal inspector
Barrington
who has been zombified and there is
currently a zombie that is grabbed
around your ankle yeah they were let
loose I thought we got loose yeah we
knocked it loose sure okay
I don't remember yeah sure and and
zombie Barrington is coming up to you
you have seen only two zombies so far
one that went around the stable and one
the Barrington one that was clearly
standing there well although how it's
gonna come out of the ground fully is
still unclear that's that's more that's
a lot of combination yeah I'm pretty
sure time is the answer that's a zombie
zombies got nothing but time so running
is a jog will be fine it is about it is
about ten o'clock
where you guys are so yes you are in the
future
hmm two hours there you get it's time so
it's very confusing
it's a London is a minor timezone
there's a whole thing and Amy avenues
but Sarah cloud step has given you 500
inspiration to bless your dice thank you
andrea canaan ki gonna call her Sarah
cloud Stefan I've got no one else and
stuff would you just like chair I don't
know however I think it's Sarah but
there yeah
there's you know there's like silent
ease and it's a whole thing
that's why see kids that's why you
learnt German no silent letters makes
things so much easier now you pronounce
every letter yeah in a hard guttural
noise yes yes i'll skits action its be
started window shutters pocket is that
far on a comet EPR okay okay so yeah we
we will dive right in in initiatives do
this with these zombies i run first no
initiated
so these Amba are very slow so you're
all gonna go before them so I'm gonna
just go this way first we're all free
yeah real free there's one there's like
an arm sticking out and then Barrington
is sort of shambling towards you do we
want to try to get into the house yeah
let's go yeah I mean they're zombies
I'll take a swing bypass the back door
and see if it's open
so you were route towards the house
let's I think we should leave
yeah through the house don't do them for
the wall wily coyote we don't here's the
thing we don't have to go back through
the woods because obviously nobody's
here and there's nothing but shambling
zombies chasing us so why not take the
path of least resistance which is the
path
where I'm not I'm just leaping and I'm
not awake yeah we are going to do today
reinforce the truth love something with
redundancy yeah don't what we came for
it did we do something else for us here
we should get tougher now why we were
here defined about should be every
episode title I forgot we don't were the
place it will take place let's leave no
there's something in there that is
protecting him exactly if we can destroy
themselves no idea Dex roll with
advantage ooh
but they both roll 25 dice jail seems to
be working yeah and so not quite or Sara
cloud steps yeah you know that blesses
you blessed it alright so yeah well you
were suggest easily like Barrington like
makes a like sweet like wild swing at
you as you go by you easily dodge it no
problem and you will get to the back
door that's our house so what are you
doing but fault about she's gonna get in
trouble
make me add X roll with advantage come
you know Oh avoid him but should roll in
vitam just just case is a good roll 0
fine so yeah user 5 is like a massive
are critical of that's for you yeah with
yeah that's a great role you have no
problem and actually with that 0 5 I'll
let you get by without a roll thank you
that was such a good roll so you're
gonna follow along absolutely so you got
into the back of mr. house sure I mean
he's Allah make make me a party luck
roll you three good just 34 is a success
alright 42 is so the door is locked but
so within a 5 like
ten is almost comically spinning around
briefly so you gots you'll get a little
time or a Sherlock pick this yes so as
long as this is not a or as long as this
is a success you'll be in long before
79 is not a success alright so you will
you can take another shot if you missed
this one Barrington will reach you I'll
stay away from Barrington there's no
point in dealing with the zombie feel
will avoid him ASCO different door
that's alright but try the kitchen
there's plenty of doors burn or whatever
it was not attached to the house yet
wasn't but it was open
yes it's a servants door yeah door and
you know they've got bodies in there so
first ground floor of 20 years and Ava's
the window so you were coming up than I
expected yeah you were coming up here
this is the back door mhm and you have
decided to leave that there are all
windows there's a slate there's a side
door here and then a front door here
through this side door side door this
one is definitely locked
let's try again all right you move much
faster than Barry 21 there we go bye yes
use yeah and click in no problem you are
inside of mr. house you are immediately
struck by how everything in here is it's
it's fine but this is not like it's not
as fancy as you'd think someone like
Gavigan would live it's there's no it's
not like there's dust everywhere and
nobody ever comes here it's just
everything here is kind of workman like
and it feels like this is a place people
it it feels like this is a place people
come but don't stay hmm does it feel
like it wasn't decorated since the last
owners responsibly yeah Poston so it
could be
original what every lost the parts that
you've seen yeah yeah Emma why why are
we here stop let's start looking around
find an office or a study I don't know
why whispering everybody's dead here I'm
so might get unlucky and there'd be
someone alive all the lights are out
yes the lights on so in this little well
the in the room you're you come in this
tiny little it's this is not a room so
much as it's an alley okay and there is
a little there's a pantry on one side
and then the kitchen and then there's a
stairway down ooh
we're not going down lock the door
behind me I'll lock the door okay fair
one thing and then there's only there's
only two ways out right there's a deal
tree
so the pantry is pretty much a dead end
like you can figure you just you open
this door and you look in and there's
just foodstuffs and bags of things you
look in this door real quick there's
like a wind there's like a window in the
door and this is clearly a kitchen okay
and then there's a tiny little stairway
down there for dancers upstairs you are
in a hallway with doors on em all
screaming I take my weapons out yeah
it's totally much like everything that's
happened here it's totally silent
okay you haven't heard a noise try the
first door all right you you open to a
small a cell in the non prison sense
this is like a monk sounds like a tiny
little servants quarters or something
and it's it's got like a bed did
somebody who sleeps in once a month
clearly smells a bit musty okay gross
there's nothing else in there nope that
pretty much describes all of these rooms
how many are we talking about you buy
you get to five and you finished this
row I'm just like throwing doors down
now so the question is are you zooming
through this or you just like open
nothing or are you like going in and
search
only if there's something in the road it
indicates some bed and a nightstand and
nothing else that is that describes that
easily describes all of these routine if
there's a bookshelf and stuff I'll go in
and look at the bookshelf no but if not
look quick cuz we have a book first all
right so I'm Deema cruise past all the
doors and then like round the corner -
what's what's up what's on the other
side alright yeah what's around the
corner so these are two bathrooms cone
that's the boiler and these are toilets
it'd be aiming it being the 20s yeah the
bathing room is different than the
toilet yeah these are the the water
clause yes I guess they would say so
really there's nothing in here let's
keep it I looked everywhere yet are
there any other doors that we haven't
checked behind at this point nope all
right let's go back downstairs I'm it's
fine in office
I don't like basements yeah but so far
so good we should lock the door behind
us anyway yes up through the kitchen
yeah so in so into the kitchen then all
right so you enter into the kitchen it
is a bought standard kitchen all right
would tell me doors we have here uh
there is one door that leads to a four
yay cilantro so sorry a a breakfast room
Wow
yeah let's keep going forward yeah all
right this brings you into a hallway
there are stairways up okay my guess is
that any office or study that we want
will be upstairs okay so it's now about
10:30 as you've been rushing around
doing this you were doing it fairly
quickly yes it's been about four no not
you know for no reason it's been about
an hour since you set off whatever that
field that you crossed that alarm yeah
right for no apparent reason all right
so you go up to the second floor let's
go and it you know that this building is
a three-story building ground floors 1st
floor 2nd floor this floor seems to have
a lot of bedrooms and
things like that lets you know we don't
need to do room by room stuff because
nothing's gonna happen so I'm going to
here's how we're gonna sort of do this
you're all gonna make spot hidden roles
check if you all make them then you'll
take less time to do this however many
of you miss it 19:06 which would be a
hard success 10 out of 45 so hard
success success will we find you guys
over to the left eye are in our element
so you very quickly find you go you case
the upper floor and you for whatever
reason are able to pretty much find GATT
the master-bedroom pretty quickly so it
is in the master bedroom there is it's a
little nicer than most of the rooms
there's a very ornate four-poster bed
that takes up a lot of it heavy red
velvet curtains there's a desk with a
drill with a dresser next to it and on
that desk is a mannequin head and it
looks like in the in the light is not
great it looks like there's something on
yeah are you turning on the lights in
this room are you turn on the lights as
you're like going through and laughs
okay you guys you have torches so it's
fun yeah trying to shine my torch oh
sure there is
on this on this mannequin head there is
a headdress it is ridiculous well
makeups make a spot hidden roll all
right yeah it's it's a piece of you you
definitely see the glint of gold and
maybe some precious stones there is also
a thing that stands out the most to you
is a on the wall is
very modern Swiss chronometer
chronometer which is a super accurate
clock okay and you would remit you would
remember and maybe you would remember I
can't remember if you would remember
that there was a very similar one in the
juju house oh I'd probably remember look
at this another one of these fancy
clocks I wonder if if virtuals actually
completed a very specific time probably
um if I were to adjust this clock dials
to what do I use to just all the front
open and then okay I'm totally do that
you're gonna ruin all of it and then
slightly maybe back seven or eight
minutes off okay cranking the handle a
little bit no not much a minute just two
minutes just as tiny bit off so that he
doesn't write back to where it was all
right make me and I'm gonna do
something to me a dexterity rule hmm I'm
also gonna duster so that it does you
can't like find fingerprints or anything
so you don't know that it's a day 56
yeah no problem okay sure yeah you you
set his clock two minutes forward two
minutes back what do you forward okay
yeah all right
actually now put it well cuz if we miss
if he misses whatever that important
time is he's missed it you can never
come back you can do it yeah all right
there is a letter Baskins give that a
readout for the variety home also
somebody should take this stupid
headdress with us I will get to that
very afraid to touch it but there are
bed sheets in here that we can touch it
so that's from Omar all Shecky T Shakti
Shakti oh okay
and then geez rah Mohammed so that's the
address yeah Cairo Egypt January 1925 so
this was earlier this year
dear mr. Gavin's was that's more in his
name do we serve all caps as the work of
our Lord and Master dros ever near to
completion I must ask you with all due
politeness to consider the return
that which you and your predecessor I'm
sorry which that that which your
predecessor and his associates acquired
from under us less than honest from
under less than honest circumstances as
we are all allies in this endeavor he
capitalizes on to our great endeavor
capitalizes that I seek not to dwell on
past lights and inconveniences but to
move forward I hope that this is your
wish also and with this in mind it says
the yeah it says he returned the return
okay I'm like there's it's folded right
there the return of the bust and it's
true - it's true home would not only be
a gesture of goodwill but also a
reaffirmation of our most August and
beneficial Brotherhood hmm never never
heard the word August before your home
yes yeah no your humble servant Omar al
Shakti the bust the bus could it
possibly be talking about what's the
head dress the dummy under the headdress
it seems likely what do you do
does it look does that look like a
mannequin they use for costume you're
actually something but I know it's like
a jewelry holder a small jewelry it
can't be that did I just clothes off it
is not you know it doesn't seem like
it's any great shakes I wonder where
this bust might be but it indicates the
headdress just the best right that
process our associates Accord from us in
less than honest circumstances don't
past inconveniences yeah okay see it yep
so on the wall is a mild Shipley special
nor a beautiful regal looking Farrow a
portrait of a pharaoh whose skin just
happens to be completely Evan mmm
the detail is incredible especially the
eyes which make you too very
uncomfortable you'll both make sanity
roll does Donald see them before I don't
know doesn't hurt about it you haven't
seen them okay oh seven I'm fine
everything's fine I'm not all right
gonna lose one point of sanity and you
like step away from the photo but she
clearly
reiax the photo to the paint the
portrait more you would recognize a
pharaoh
you know black stone and does the
headdress look anything like what's on
the Pharaoh no okay no it's not that
no and yeah and now you as your closer
you can see that the headdress has small
jeweled eyes all the way around it it's
a it's a band that clap clasp in the
back and there are small jeweled eyes
all the way around it with small gold
links going down the sides so it would
fit in my pocket if I pulled my sleeve
over sure update
yeah all right you are now the possessor
of the headdress of eyes headdress of
many eyes I'm sure that will not be a
problem no not at all River and Jeep's
keep searching we thought you got great
roles so the last thing you find is in
that dresser Gavigan has a number of
very lavish robes that are
stereotypically cultist comprise a
feature there they're in different there
are different colors and they feature
all of them in feature inverted unk's
we've seen that symbol before do you bet
I don't know Sophie huh silvano wants to
be a druid I know you can really come up
all right I want to take one I wasn't
from the bottom some of the core hasn't
used before how many do we maybe the
cops music turns out I know it's no I
think I think that's a good idea it's a
one Cultus robe to go sure so just to be
clear well to be clear
hmm maybe an intelligence roll that's
good boy you got realize the bed
21 it's a success I know so you know
this is not it's not this is good or bad
idea
these are not cultists robes these are
high priests robes I'll protect you
right that I would not blend in as a
high priest now in the closet other
Nicole TISS robes no - I would Gavigan
have Cultus room it's BYOB it's and
sadly BYOB yes as well great in the
pantry there wasn't anything nobody's
gonna put on the headrests no yeah no
well yeah we've already split the party
might wanna four already see we'd be
able to do it guys we're now the other
side not protect alright tected so it is
who's kind of good I have a good spot
hidden
does that count for sure things behind
in this room yeah is there anything
behind the creepy on the picture Oh
forward I don't have to say it yes I am
I am not getting anywhere give that
picture would you like to check I'm not
touching that picture yeah I find
something like a pencil perhaps all
right this and slide it over the the
picture does not move as soon as you
touched the picture everybody make me a
listen rule 32 anybody who makes it I
just made it at 53 there you go make
sure you give yourself a check
anybody who made the listen role when
she took like the second she touches the
picture there is a distant rumbling
somewhere almost sounds like thunder in
the distance come on I want to look out
the window and see if I see anything
outside okay it is close to the New Moon
and there are no lights remember there
are no lights anywhere on this premise
it's like you've been yeah you've been
in my daughter's do that do you it's
been other than your torches there's no
light in this place because you haven't
been turning on house lights No
so meet me a spot hidden roll that's who
he's looking out there 84 so fail yeah
so is there anything behind it like a
safe no okay
did I get any indication of where that
sound might have come from or is just
sort of everywhere it sounded like all
of them my face yeah exhibit we know
where that comes from those are coming
from inside the house why did you hear
that
no well that I heard you Rumble from
outside piles I don't see anything out
there was the last time I ate yeah it
was the same day a little while yeah it
was as soon as you touched it and it was
all around okay so we may have just set
off another alarm yeah well so let's
look for the bust where he has people
looking right so you're gonna are you
gonna search the second floor can be a
best just off just open and close doors
okay so it's all bedrooms and things
like that the only room that you find
that even stands out to you is on the
ground floor there is a large not in the
turn no the third floor is mostly in
turn Claire do any of the spin rooms
have closets with a spare robe in it cuz
you know what if we get caught
wearing a robe is the best way out of
this situation to make me a luck rule
look 55 is success you find a rope
anybody can make a luck roll don't find
nothing sure I'll give it a try
wait so you're putting on the road you
put it on now oh is it good it's gonna
throw it over and running in a dress you
tell other people in the group that you
do that you see someone in a robe yes
you are wearing a throwing coats of the
black Pharaoh robe so it's a little warm
but you know it's all chilly out so
that's fine yeah
that's it Debbie where it's cold so
around the ocean
boy that's distracting yes
so yeah you downstairs and find
something good
yeah the like I said the only room that
seems even kind of weird is the there's
a a meeting room there's like a big kind
of ballroom downstairs
hmm and all of your all of your Scooby
senses go off when there are two large
suits of armor on either side by your
place that's big characters in the room
it's pretty empty it looks like this is
where people gather okay no busts in
here no but this is not armor have armor
there are like weapons a barber what is
the armed force yes they they have
halbert's they're standing like this
yeah I shut the door
all right yes it is heading towards
midnight let's let's get out of yeah I
think we've seen yeah so do we have what
weapons do we have on us what we came
with yes
so I have a shotgun in my knives I need
to go steal the javelin if you need
something I can yourself okay deal it is
so much more than a job sharpener yes I
got the long barrel as opposed to the
short all right let's go all right yeah
you're getting the funny look for Zhanna
that's right I got you the shot you're
gonna fight zombies
you got the reach that those are the
king of weapons yeah the little voice
inside your head says so it claims are
fun you're are you just gonna like go
out the front door or we leave the front
door let's go through the windows
mixtures Oh zombies waiting for us no
surprises yeah that was quietly exit
sure yeah you don't see anything and we
just like make a break for the gate okay
let's go run back to the car all right
uh let's run through a fence we're into
a fence make me so what are you running
just a bunch of the fence the wall I so
I get to jump before this looked in the
cooler anyway the wait
I'd rather die rather surprised into
them surprise us that's a fair point
Oh fine duck into them all right
everybody make a listen roll zero nine
success yam dude that's ninety seven
these are gonna hurt success by the end
of tonight Amy will have no dice that is
my goal that's my success 1902 53 right
success on you both here
extreme know that my name is Nick
screaming you both here
sounds like metal on metal like I should
have taken their little javelins metal
show
that's the house huh yeah you both got
good rolls it sounds like it's coming up
ahead of plane next Oh way this won't
stop
do we see anything no let's go around
wherever there so yeah we're gonna like
ducked out into the woods yeah okay
we've been spending too much time around
each other a mate sure yeah you you can
do that once so once you're over the
wall you all hear the noise and it
sounds like on and intelligence roll I
have a feeling 29 is a successive into
it you're not gonna thing so anybody who
got an intelligent about their
intelligence role so you Morcar are
aware that yes that sound is your car
like something bad has happened to your
car I am upset about us nothing we can
do and it was a rental
yeah right although I did pay enough to
like I buy the damn thing
that means somewhat sure that's the car
right now perhaps those European goons
could be all right can we like move
toward the color I would like to move
toward the car as slowly as possible and
carefully everybody make me a stealth
roll ambush luck no no that's for you
YouTube I reminded them they can spend
luck there's not enough vlog tonight
there isn't yes we have to I mean okay
my inspiration this yeah yeah I didn't
make it good so so what if three of you
make it yeah
by me no these 6x6 or something no no
it's important we keep track of a my
step we do yeah we all I guess I'm all
three of you step on the same branch at
once which is funnier one of you steps
on it then somebody else good stretch
steps on I don't know if it's three
cracks one crack one very low or all
very aware of the cracking sound and at
that point I'm gonna takin a javelin
your car explodes so you're gonna be
let's say we're about 50 feet away from
your honor and all of a sudden there is
a boom and dodge everybody make me a
little tip make a dodge roll huh and if
you make control let me know nope
success 30 no no what the 43 that's not
a success anybody all right so you both
by missing the dodge roll you the
explosion happens and you do the smart
thing
you like dive away you look right at
whatever it is and silhouetted against
the explode
there's like a brief like gown of flame
mm-hmm and silhouetted against that is
what your poor feeble brain can only
think of as Quetzalcoatl like you in
your head this is a serpent with wings
with actually with wing it has one wing
which is really weird and it's in you
asleep flying and it's so in your head
you're thinking snake but it also has
some alarming worm tendencies because
it's really more almost a tube and then
it is a snake and it creams me really
big just like why'd I stare I have some
good news for you though thanks to relax
a star burner you have the one
these flames almost make me a Sandra I'm
sorry Nick for making fun I made it you
lose to sanity how God like the perfect
thing to use another side you want to
appear in robes out of nowhere mm-hmm
they still haven't even gotten to
midnight yet oh I'm traveling yeah all
right sorry I forgot we're back in the
house that's gonna cost more pal but I
gladly I sound like the thing like just
disappears is a strong word but it's
once again shrouded in blackness I'm
just like sitting there with rings nope
you didn't see anything
you both like the explosion you like
turned your heads
well we're walking now and I'm just like
sitting there staring shell-shocked and
whimpering you're right there Alexandra
it's all right it's just money let's
keep going cuz I don't want to I don't
want to inspect your barrington to catch
up with us we got to go let's go
not on the road let's go I'm not moving
are you all right you have to pull it
Crowley
each arm and just get her on here just
base of a flashback or some kind of
reminder of some some but the longer we
stay here I'll try to gently ease
Alexandra up and try to leave it's it's
gonna be hard
I'm not moving slowly yeah
yeah we're gonna like we did to Crowley
yeah yeah it's gonna be a uncomfortable
and long walk back it was gonna be
anyway yeah and neither one of you is
you know an off-roader and so you know
you can either you know you can sort of
like trying to skirt the road but your
prot if you go off into the Moors you're
gonna get lost ok let's try to stay
within maybe 220 yards yes we see
something coming we should get down okay
I'll take that robe off by the way and
stash it are you gonna check the car or
anything like that no it's gone okay
yeah all right so yeah you you start
moving it's slow going and about 20
minutes you'll like I'll start - yeah
come that's you're farther away from the
moon you're you're you're starting to
come back you feel good about moving
away from it yeah
although where is it hey don't like that
question I don't like all of the
possible answers to that question so
you're just doing that huh yeah okay I'm
getting out of here all right we'll
we'll come back to you in the morning
so it's 1:00 in the morning at
Stonehenge mm-hmm and you have just
ritually ensorcelled an elder sign it
glows faintly you feel like you have
done a great you know you feel like
you've nailed it you feel really good
about this so I don't think we're
high-fiving or anything no no I'm just
like Annie's as you're done you had
maybe you had a little fire and all this
stuff and a an old bald fat gentleman
wearing a
a very warm coat shines a torch on uses
fire no company pack up hey stone Inge
nope nope can't Bing oh we were just
enjoying it oh I'm sorry
well yeah packing things oh yeah yeah
yeah that you guys had a room in the
whatever the town right close to stone
hinges so it's it's a you know it's a
brisk 15-minute walk you make it back to
your hotel you wake up the the keeper
because the tavern is shut down
and are you just gonna go to sleep
or you know I mean I'm gonna take well I
I'm assuming I have never felt anything
like this before
whatever deficit I am feeling now is you
definitely so you're feeling a weird mix
of drained and exhilarated mm-hmm
because you've you've you have defeated
modern science and like take that
science that's freaking me out smug but
you know it came clearly at a cost
yeah you definitely feel diminished and
I'm trying to like take notes and get a
grasp on that and then just also
basically I'm filling out the rest of
the spell okay
but yeah I'm trying to understand what
that sacrifice was all right how may I
find somewhat dreading doing it again
and I'm trying to figure out like okay
how could I prepare myself to all right
make me an intelligence role do I have
intelligence no all right not
horrible but so you do not do a good job
of coming to terms with this it's like
1:00 in the morning and yeah yeah so
fair enough you have you are acutely
aware of like how many of things these
things you'd have to make and
what that would do to you you know that
that like one more I'm aware of one more
okay I mean at least probably four more
why would I what I don't know this was
it he make one for everyone so like you
know you sort of you're gonna lose one
point of sanity from just sort of
and what are you are you gonna like
crash are you gonna I'm probably gonna
spend a little bit of time checking this
thing out and saying are you know like
looking at it and and trying to to get
my rational you know getting you know
okay as well making cool things and
going why is this thing still growing
blowing okay swamp [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] alright yeah
so you you know you sort of the you know
you know you don't like the term ritual
but the these steps to create this we're
comforting and familiar to you you know
like this is how work this is how your
work is done it's slow it's methodical
there's a process step one step two you
know one foot in front of the other and
and this is the result and that you this
kind of happened now sure there was it
feels like you know a little sucking of
your soul involved which that that's you
know I felt that in academia before so
we should so you've got a grasp on this
I've got a grasp on it I'm glad you said
it so I didn't have fun and so you know
so yeah you you you had a little more
successful or a little more successful
coming to terms with it and then I will
go now sort but you do have that same
thought of like you know is the cost you
know we can't mass-produce the image no
no cuz it's a personal cost yeah so
well maybe each one of them could make
their own yeah I mean you could probably
take you together commodity
somebody the ritual yeah whether they
want to learn the ritual is that's yeah
well it's you know that's learning but
you could probably spend some time and
translate the ritual from arabic into
english so yeah but next morning mm-hmm
you're just gonna motor back to London
or take a train yeah take a train I'm
still gonna work I'm gonna talk with you
about it try and figure out translating
we're gonna do the translation taking up
dreaming yes miss Sawle menthol is great
for your health
everybody knows it yeah I'll throw some
stuff out there see if we can figure out
a way to but we're going to translate
the ritual oh yeah why bar I've got
plenty of notes and I'm sorry but I'm
still missing tons of on the train yep
so it is 4:00 in the morning you have
been walking forever for a very long
time it is still dark and there are
headlights coming towards mr. house
let's get off the road yeah we just we
get off the road duck down and hide
watching headlights go fast okay it
looks like it is a police car good talk
[Laughter]
kind of making a face like why aren't
they approaching the police oh yeah look
at and go you know if they find zombie
inspector Barrington this might get very
interesting very quickly good luck to
them if they find zombie extra inspector
Barrington more zombie panel says they
won't make it back to the police station
in front of all of you some all of the
sudden there is that same metal
crunching grinding sound and the police
car goes what book and I just scream
which I won't do for the sake of because
I know what did that yes both of you
make me sand rolls which guys do I try
33 is success all right yes I'm found so
you both got a slight glimpse of
something non earthly and sinuous that
reached down and just grabbed this
police car and took it away run and it's
gone by so you will reach Walton on the
nave and half the time I would have
about 600 unconscious you are exhausted
and you are you are terrified of
whatever is behind you I mean probably
very much the worse for wear
yes yeah everything it's not great no no
very bad I'm going to bed here we do
read those rooms yep alright so you guys
are just gonna crash yeah Jose for some
tea and go to bed you will you're pretty
much gonna sleep v away yeah after that
trauma I'm happy I'm hoping that we were
able to get him to our rooms without
having to talk to what's her face oh
yeah she was she left she told you she
left the key under the mat good he said
let yourselves in I do not want to have
to have a time of when we got back in if
someone comes asking questions around
here somehow at some point during the
day each of you find that cat sitting on
you even though your legs are closed mmm
thunk
Oh jelly I sure come off and so there
are no evening trains to Walton from
Walton on the nave so you're gonna
basically be here for the fifth okay
yeah do it up it up you get yeah yeah at
dinnertime you're awake and missus I
can't
rotting Tintin yes with a video camera
Roddy brought eaten thanks mr.
Barrington she she will show make you
dinner
there's a lovely roast and what's the
hunting good last night you found
something
no rule it was Southington how they do
yeah yeah I'm so glad that you wrote
that down the important stuff doesn't it
didn't bring her they home though well I
hope no I mean didn't didn't any burn
sauced important frankly it was very
much a snipe hunt who didn't know yet
snipe around here right right
[Laughter]
excellent meal well yeah so she'll you
know have the dinner and you guys well
so you get back to London the morning of
the fifth and there's nobody's around
did you leave but he has not to say
there's no I don't think you did we
don't so yeah there's nobody around we
have no idea where they they're dead you
know we hear about Daniel the ones that
are left you know how you know what they
get into huh no we wouldn't know there
was nothing in the paper that said you
know three Americans did yeah
more police officers might take a
English that would have been even on the
front page right were I mean we've got
one more day until the rest of the
stones are ready I know they're ready
Saturday morning you even if that's
another right I mean have another whole
day it's so we're gonna want to find
another place is our ritual we went to
the top stone I show you the Sunday
morning or Sunday night going into
Monday morning
it is Sunday going into Monday okay
because the new moon is Sunday we should
look up books on on on the on this sort
of magic how people Matt yeah it's like
a ritual magic and that sort of well
mainly I'm serious how how into people I
you know so so much for us pose any
further you wouldn't want to like go and
call on Crowley I know last I saw he was
sleeping with a face full of cocaine so
I'm sure you could get a few things out
of him the opinions of Tiana do not in
any way you know I might endorse them
wholeheartedly but yeah yeah so we need
to get to those two yes
well and yeah I'm mostly trying to
figure out how the Frick about fish I'm
just gonna find out all spellcasters go
insane how they can how to get rid how
to prepare Mac hmm how do I get this
back this I mean I'm looking more for
how to brace myself for next time if
there's any sort of preparation like we
whoa daddy referee Oh in my date have
worn you down ritual huh
yeah so a ritual which we're gonna read
books yes yes very funny man you sort of
go back to that same part in the British
in the British Library where you found
the books before and you can both make
library use roles for that relatively
you keep saying Sylvia I was just like
I'd rather read funny papers he's
reading like you know he's got like
that's his pretty ritual oral yeah there
yeah
so you find you find some references to
what's called deeper magic and it's a
live one Narnia what can go wrong with
this the deeper the the premise of this
book is that magic has a cost and humans
are not built to pay that cost and at a
certain point the users of magic become
something not quite human and it's
losing your humanity that leads you to
well it is the cost and that leads us to
that yes magic is you know there's it
specifies humanities so it's it there's
like a more tied into magic letters
that's the impression so the yeah
because the problem is this was written
by a person and so they are in a sense
they are I am for some or fising you
know this and I don't have to take that
away from this though that's true uhmm
I'm trying to delude myself here the
whole design all
right right okay so I know that as a
cost so is there a way for me to build
up well you know like money exchange you
get money and then you exchanges their
way for me to gather power to exchange
anything about you've got a hard success
um there are there are tales of items
that will create that that can offset or
can pay the cost okay so I'm good old
philosopher stones okay
tales of items at offset that cost okay
I was it's a little frayed I was gonna
find out different things about that and
we'd have to go to the darker side but
she would've been perfectly fine
sacrificing the rest of us for itself
no you would've been a ping no divorce
I wouldn't no not you guys all three of
you make me spot hidden roles that's oh
it's the count 30 is a success yep 32 is
a success alright yeah you're very
familiar car parked outside your Oh your
will will Vladdy will does this woman
have bananas sure sure any and that was
the best way that sends could've ended
frankly use the potatoes know what I'm
doing mom and you're here no I could but
I'm just saying is that so I saw this
talkie once sneaks outside of their
hotel room and goes back around behind
behind their enemies like car behind the
bad guys car and shoves a banana and a
tailpipe and then like tanta then runs
away and taunts him to come chase them
and they can't take out because there's
a banana in the tailpipe I'm just saying
that might be a plan it's the banana
again
big enough through the tailpipe I don't
know I'm walking right past I have
nothing but positive comments on this
plan I don't think they're gonna cause
trouble while we're inside the hotel
there yeah I mean there can really oh
she died of natural causes and then were
there's other guests as well we're in
the town are there I didn't think there
were those tiny this is like you're here
you are here overnight and then you're
going to last time you drove but you're
gonna have to get to hire a driver to
get into Travis to the train station
yeah you're gonna hire someone to get
you the Harwich to get a train to London
have those guys take us to London to go
to London I'll feel like well give me a
ride yeah because somebody wants to talk
to them because they have no idea what
happened last night yesterday what day
even is it what day is it is the evening
of okay because they have no idea what
happened last night I'm sure I prefer to
stay inside but if the trouble starts
I'll take care of him do you want to
talk to them again hey does the old lady
have a phone
she does not have a phone hmm
she uses the one at the general store, it's just down the
block
tomorrow we could go I am
not particularly interested in falling
asleep with those two out there I would
keep an eye on them. You all just crowd
into one room, barricade guns
craziness of bananas you know you each
have your own room it's only the
this is a house of good repute I'd
prefer if we didn't all sleep together
men and women if you know what on me
okay why don't we why don't we go
downstairs in the my say in the front
room sure you live in a basement we'll
set up a game of checkers mmm-hmm you
sleep on the couch
it's drafts okay I don't know I I
dislike waiting for things to come to us
we're not gonna go outside and deal with
them in front of this lady's house and
all the neighbors so it's I deal with
them hide the bodies then we take the
car we just get out here how does the
banana working right now it's stalemates
let's leave it as is let them make the
first move fine
all right so she'll leave out a she
leaves out a tea a pot of tea yeah and
she'll go up to bed oh god you said
you're taking first I'll keep an island
so you're just gonna like sleep on the
couch again so before we do this I just
had some thoughts not to disturb anyone
anyone if we kill the lid I go over the
B&amp;B I'm already pretty disturbed your
lives you just have to wear her skin I
didn't hear it what no the letter female
shocked you said a bust room and I
pulled down like a dictionary or
whatever the field lady had and I can't
fathom in what language a bust would
mean the same thing is this thing I
suspect that it's probably something
that he has
at the patentee yeah the Institute
whatever it is let me remember
destroying the world role I've done nope
I remember nothing 28 all right yeah all
you remember is destroying the world
I wonder where else he might keep it if
not at that at the Institute Thanks can
I can i smart that one out if you drop
that hint I mean you seemed I you oh no
I am NOT going back yeah you do not want
to go back there that is there's some
other location we could be searching now
we are not going there nope
I'm sure there's a house in London that
he puts things in other sign to protect
you from the universe being destroyed
right no no okay this universe will be
fine
you're gonna need a really big elderson
roughly the size of your body you know
rock yourself - I'll just H it into like
stone of a bridge or something these
guys are still your dad the bridge is
fine you see you see every once in a
while since you're are you your are you
in the dark yeah well you see the red
of a cigarette mm-hmm you know just like
in the car but we were we were
discussing
I mean it's entirely possible that it's
at the penny foundation in in the areas
that no one else is allowed into maybe
if you reel it back this will all be
done out it we your bust we will cease
trying to destroy the world thank you
please return to writing this Omar
fellow is working together with the gab
again to do some horrible yeah I mean
their friend means if you were frenemies
it's a good word they they're dragged
together by a mutual purpose yeah I
don't seem to like each other no
since Gavigan is probably taking tons of
things from this guy keep them Rosie
don't know yeah I'm just trying to
remove white wine white English I'm oh
yeah an Egyptian guy you're talking so
do we think what do we think cracklin I
lose top car in our car nope nope nope
nope nope no really
yeah we've seen some strange things some
sort of John come on I didn't see what
it wants with the music yeah it could be
a car ball I promise you it was not a
car bomb it could be no it wasn't a
mercy car I saw it Donal it was not a
it was a snake thing yeah bloody tongue
she had one wing you have reminded me of
that I've sort of something from like
kuru was a bottle or back into my GI
stricken scratch notes where I find
somewhere somebody told me the Blood
Brothers Lula the Brotherhood of the
black Pharaoh
it's the serpent it's the serpent with
legs right or something like that or I
don't know I mean I didn't know it could
fly or be invisible until something
blows up what are we talking about
invisible flying legged snake that blows
up cars for a car bomb it wasn't a car
bomb very few car bombs make cars well
place terrible very strategic I mean
I'll go with the car bomb if the police
ask for the police yes certainly but
between us there are there are more
things in heaven and earth that are
dreamt and then I dreamt of in your
philosophy
but it's it's the serpent from from the
black Pharaohs brotherhood of the black
Pharaoh serpents really have terrible
marketing no they caused the fall of man
they
Oh kids aha do the serpent lift up I
don't know
no but it was loud and I saw it and I
mean my brain hurts
how about it get some rest I'll keep an
eye on these two pinions outside do not
condescend at me Donald it's been we've
had a long 48 hours because there's an
upstairs window there's a number of okay
in your room so the ship you ladies
already gone to sleep we can actually
use the best talk about wearing someone
else's skin though ladies speaking which
do they have many beetles sure you can
find out it'll know so I'm looking
outside to see if I must address weapon
yang to mating yourself is that thing
outside Oh 46 which is still a success
but not Arjuna's ass like I said you see
the red of a cigarette that's it in the
no flying serpent with all no arms and
legs nope I keep looking you see so at a
certain point I blood gets out of the
car hook on the driver's side and he'll
just like stretch you just like they're
not even looking at the house they're
just standing you know their port he's
not looking at the house he's just out
stretching hmm I'm curled up on the
couch at this planes Moses night with my
space like tucked into it into a cushion
yeah banana tailpipes still solid plugg
I'll drink drink a lot of tea keep an
eye on these fellows all right make me a
con roll I've been a lot going on yeah
I'm getting tired
it says 69 which in my con is a 16 that
is the failure all right so yeah you
started not off Oh dependent how long
it's been you composed more to the
caffeine sure you're gonna have a
um but yeah they're not they're not
gonna they're like you they're just
waiting for you to leave so you wake up
in the morning get some sleep we take
turns and you sleep in your bed so
you're most comfortable the couch is not
very comfortable yeah I like it woken up
like four hours returned like it what
kind of about four hours and I'm just
like sitting propped up staring out the
window you wake up and the cat is
sitting on you somehow get some sleep
yeah it is now the morning of the sixth
so you have done you spent the eat the
day doing research yes you come back to
the hotel nobody there so we have to we
have to plan our next move yeah I think
I think trying to look for these
artifacts we should once we get the next
sign made we need to leave we need to
get out of this place we're protected
and we do have to but but there are they
gonna be they're gone what about in your
house they they would have been in the
papers if they were alive they'd have
been in the papers but doesn't know they
were dead both well if they yeah this
rated by yes okay yeah that's the
pemberton we I mean we of course check
of course hey have there been any calls
right anyone anybody no telegram no
this is mo we're dealing with this is
the longest you've gone without
yeah I'll turn up eventually usually I
don't know usually there isn't the
criteria of this humble wizard that has
made it very clear that he intends to
kill everyone just all right so we could
either go back to Crowley and see if we
can get any more info from him but I
mean that's what you want to do you can
go or we can see if we can find these
items that offset the cost of the ritual
we need to do Seattle research to see if
we yeah finally because a lot of the
books this is I'm assuming this is still
following like an Arabic sort of path
that this is all because that's what
we've been looking into yeah yeah Arabic
okay we know I mean the problem is you
know you're you're like your right brain
is like we just have to learn how to
make these things whereas these things
are being discussed like you know the
Golden Fleece or you know these are this
is not a how to make magic I don't write
this is are there are tales that are
told we would have my find these things
is the impression that I'm right that's
why in sweet got one so I know they're
real so now I can go and find them with
my archaeology there you go because it's
super like and and then tails to the
items that are offsetting the cost of
the ritual it makes sense go try to find
out time someone found that Holy Grail
yeah I mean so that's that's what we're
gonna do we're gonna try to see if we
can and we're gonna start making plans
you know figured out how much money we
have so this is the Thursday the fifth
you're gonna spend Friday the sixth
doing research as well because I mean
Saturdays when the stones were taking it
easy to just like it's been rough so
we're you know second breakfast
elevenses yes you're having school
I'm gonna try to persuading him not to
do that because you know drinking is
fine that's all the doctors are in
agreement the science is clear yeah
so it's about a little after teatime and
you're both like having a discussion in
the little drawing room of your suite
and you hear a very familiar voice in
your room that says exactly what pot of
killing Zara involves going to my my
estate and in your room is Edward
Gavigan he got in the room and on that
we're gonna go to break I want to before
we go to break I want to say two quick
things one happy birthday Joan thank you
thank you thank you
professor lambs birth actually Julie's
birthday it was yesterday yesterday yes
nice if it weren't for Facebook I would
not know anyone so happy birthday you
appreciate it thank you
second thing I want us to remind you is
the investigators handbook hashtag chaos
put it in there you could win and start
your own descent into madness all right
we will be back as soon as five people



You are sitting in your room and
the crowbar is out it's it's it's handy
yeah get out the house you saw Shh what
are you doing in my suite I gave you a
very very simple equation
and you have decided to befoul my estate
I did no such thing
I don't know what you're talking about
we don't know what they're talking about
we were here spare me you know exactly
what I'm talking about step I've got I I
have killed no one had they been killed
I prefer to seek information from you
why it's a very simple question when I
offered you a very simple job have you
not done as I asked I'm very
disappointed we are not in charge of the
killing department per se
I am yeah I mean look you're in my suite
get out now yeah you're laughing now
buddy reaching down and where were you
you are not part of the expeditious
bungling expedition into my personal
areas where you know I'm going
expedition it's gonna work for her that
one down we're actually just finding out
about it no you were part of it oh that
yes you can explain to your friend how
useful whatever she wishes to do booby
oh yeah just time to show her just make
now that apparently you've had some
sense talked into you by your compatriot
I will ask you again why have your
fellows gone to the misser house did
they want to talk to you and then were
you there
you weren't there you're here wanted to
talk to I tire of your constant
insulting of my intelligence
oh you have intelligence what's right
I'm just completely behind it that I do
I've been doing some research on things
seems unlikely no that's true yes and
mmm-hmm
learned a thing or two about you and the
people that you hang out with and and
you think you can intimidate us with all
this crap nope your friend there rammed
himself into the window of my office no
less than three times trying to escape
my visit yes I think and I know I can
I'm just completely cowering yeah yeah
okay
one one one but I do not let out a
I have asked you a very simple question
you have not answered do not pretend to
tell me that you do not know that your
friends went to miss our house why have
they gone to my estate and why are you
not doing what I asked you to do under
threat of your death
perhaps an installment plan of that
threat is in order
we really have no idea why they wouldn't
did that look you and your guys do
whatever you do no no don't say that and
we do know and we do whatever we do know
that they usually handle the killing
we've just been doing research we don't
have anything to do with that yeah and
then your killers to the misser house we
didn't send them they went off on their
own yes that's what they do you are the
planners no no no no no no no research
planning here research research come on
you know I've been in academic you do
I'm looking for things that can get me
some some money you know all this why
why are you to use your vernacular
messing with me you are the ones who
broke into my place of work you are the
ones who broke on into my estate we only
did the nope only the first one those
are those are the other ones we don't
seriously they have it messaged us we
haven't gotten a telegram we haven't
gotten a phone call we don't know you
know more than us right now that has
been true that will always be I always
waiting for that and I'm trying to make
him feel a little bit better but not too
much
Sileo spoken the impact no I'm just
trying not to like
yeah it's my squeal I lose everything
all credibility is gone
poking me in the back I looking
longingly at the window no cuz we're not
on the first well no but there's one of
those o'clock though yeah you know what
I could do I have you know what I'm
piecing it together there's a crowbar
right there yeah and I forget to do have
this in my hand but you can't see it I
got it's fine okay I'm just one to make
sure that you knew that all right you
can't see it but I do have it and I'm
speaking with my left i tire of parlour
games well then get out of my parlor
uh-uh waiting for our friends to come
back I don't know where they are I don't
know what they did
I'm really sorry that I don't know yet
but I'll tell them that you came by
thanks I believe I have now demonstrated
here and now you might suggest to your
friends that leaving traces of
biological matter in the hands of a
trained sorcerer is an exceedingly poor
idea
oh no I'm trying to piece that one
together mmm no talk I can track you
wherever you go I will know just like I
know that your foolish friends tried to
break into my estate
so I peek over so you know they're alive
hmm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all over the place I do know
they are alive
oh that guess we won't skip town they
are alive only through my graces and I
trust that first thing Saturday what I
how early would that be like a six seven
morning surprise me or I might surprise
you
well if we see our friends again we'll
let them know mm-hmm yes quite and he
like stands up and he like pulls down on
his immaculate vast tomb he walks out of
your apartment well outside of your
suite I check of locks broken or
anything like that at this point you are
kind of aware that magic is a thing
[Laughter]
nothing so what day is the stones ready
the morning of Saturday the seventh Shh
I know I know you know I'm just gonna
I'm gonna check
I'm gonna check anyways to see if maybe
he got one done early he's surely not
doing both at the same time if I can
pick one up now tonight would be the
night that I need to do the thing give
away part of my soul yeah sure yeah you
paid him a ridiculous amount of money
mm-hmm so yeah he's got one done he'll
like a fake one and come back for the
other all right hey then I think we
tried to look for some out of the place
I mean we're not again we're not gonna
reach Stonehenge but I'm just trying to
find some place where I can chant a
ritual for three hours and not herb
anyone okay yeah sure yeah I mean you
could prompt her hotel room her suite is
nice enough that you could probably okay
well I need some blood and you know
there's there's sorry there's some herbs
and wine and stuff and don't spill
anything and candles because we're class
say no yeah we'll put some stuff down to
make sure that nothing nice sheet of
like velvet yeah yep yep all right so
you are both are you gonna both do the
ritual again I think it's just gonna be
me yep all right he wants you to turn to
him and I'm there out there you see
myself this time too in case something
goes bad right a tuning is a stupid idea
from a stupid game and had
lovey - we've already taken watches I
mean why not and talked about Caroline
you killed you as soon as you took a
watch.

Gavigan has left you have been well and
truly threatened by someone much more
powerful than you but I got this now but
yes I'm only medium afraid of him that
one's much harder to conceal that is not
emphasized why would I get this he'll if
she was gonna want everyone to know just
like I think I'm gonna go for the I mean

so
this is now the morning of Friday you
are you get a ride from Walton on nave
to Norwich well yeah here's a question
are we going to the train station or do
we have them come here because we
literally train back to pick them up to
train back good points that's a fair
point
let's just have them take a train out
here meet us at the station so you can
go she's gonna telegram to the general
store all right yeah the general store
will have a telegram okay call them all
right when you leave the guys in the
car just sort of watch you go
I like watch them right back just very
they're there like the the utter
mundanity of everything of the there are
all the reactions to you is a little
scary hmm
do you suspect that their pair of shark
here's the thing Gavin the the person
that we ran into in the penhue
foundation was a parrot shark and then
wasn't when Gavigan touched him
no right there was some magic thing I
was doing to God
normal people maybe it wouldn't surprise
me at all if anyone attached to the Pena
foundation is either a parrot shark
thing or a daddy long it's a news for
Toms backup character or they could be
comfor ups against the spell on the
murse or or something
here's another question what happens if
he just touches anybody anybody can
become a parish are you would have done
that to us by now yeah okay
your total estimate the last thing where
they have to be in the same cult is to
initiate the baby was it initiate
themselves so they can then get the
parrot chart so what telegram are you
sending bring a car alright so they give
you an ad and like you could get a
telegram delivered to your room they say
we're alive we're alive bring a car
here's the address
come today yes you come ASAP
and I'll actually wait for an answer
for like an hour or so just to see if
any people so the telegram guy is like
wait he says and they'd like a reply
please mom oh okay so we're so glad
we're in the bottom of that say PS words
or money words art dollar sign words mmm
okay yes look like you were alive um
actually I'm telegram people were very
good about going that all they were no
I'm getting rid of the reason to stay
here right yeah glad you're alive
anything else you're gonna say on our
way
keep it that way keep it that way honor
and then on our way so that's the
telegram Yuka
fantastic you know I watch the pack up
my stuff a while to go we didn't have
that much to pack up pants one came back
I'd like to practice a bit and right
look out how we want to do this thing on
southern so this is a horrible idea as
we get ready to get the car
do we want to both try and do the next
one should we survive that long see if
we can get so you know right away oh no
yes we're talking just stop guys are
packing stuff up we got our stuff packed
up then you guys leave right away you
won't be here on Saturday to get the
next one
no that's why the part of it was should
we survive
what's the yes miss that the answer is
yes yeah should be survived yes yeah
we'll try and mean it it's a stupid idea
but I don't know if I want to do it I'll
seek second thoughts
we'll see yeah we'll see all right
across that bridge when we get to it you
can also well you could also maybe do
some research about what might have made
one you know what might have been
different or we're taking notes on like
just the type of stone and yeah and
don't totally want to find the items
that offset the ritual I mean either
enjoy that do we have to get a car for
you to take a train we could write we
read it where's the location now they
want to get a car and because they have
to come back to they have a car well we
don't know that no yeah well that's true
they said bring a car yeah all right
they were just gone one day so you go to
this rental place and there's a guy and
he's like I've got one left
what do you got oh man I tried there and
you they have the same crazy prices oh
yes it's just gonna shine yeah train
you
can take the tram car which and then you
can get a ride from somebody from are
which to Walton on nave like that taxi
or something well yeah although it's a
small village so you might be in a back
of a truck
so if you leave you'll be there noon on friday
are you guys just going back to the
boarding house right so you were saying
something about I like to practice and
we're in our room at this point when you
come back to the boarding house mrs.
Sutter inton asks how long you're
planning on staying
if you
need any laundry done let me know we're
actually expecting two more of our
companions. I've only got one more room
somebody's gonna have to share and
please none of that co-education thing
that you Yanks like so much okay I'm so
I'll go get the other room ready then I
learned it I mean that the men can bunk
together or two of us women can she also
told us not to learn things together so
apparently co-education fine we'll put
the American women in one room that will
somewhat I think your bet all right so
you guys are yeah what what do you mean
about practice what do you want to do we
no no the mister I have an idea of the
distance between the barn and the ritual
location guesstimate that distance out
I'd like to set up the shot somewhere
else in practice a shot so that the time
we once shot this mm-hmm
so I don't like it right he's one of
mrs. schap no I don't throw it away
mm-hmm here's a crazy idea we go back
into the woods cuz the woods is closer
to the summoning circle um
ghillie suits
the first military unit to use
ghillie suits in 1916 they used them during the
second Boer War which would have been
the end of them and then in sick 1916
they were the British Army's first
sniper unit so oh you'd know about sure
anybody who was in the Great War
you'd know about and also the war
against England for for dependents and
all that such most we just fought by
ambush that's the good war not the great
war all right so so do you eat and do
you still need Evans uncomfortable
shooting from a low elevation is it heap
of you might be blocked
well that elevate abuse there's no well
we took a boat oh okay there would be
the ladder to the fence over the fence
with the ladder uh-huh ladder to the
barn roof of the barn
take the shot Wow tree Wow prophet
yes a bicycle I think Mike's wigs and
clown make me worry is mr. house there
on the train
yes that's some Richard what I brought
the disguise kit that I had put together
yeah there's probably a road out the
front door obelisk right here right in
the center
yeah but the question is over you're
getting here fence there's the fence
really that close no no I'm assuming the
woods is back not the barn the mr. house
and the the worship area Arlen a
clearing
yeah and their woods up there so you
could probably get within about a
hundred feet of out half the porn then
we've scattered the whole thing out we
have that sense of what the distances
are and whatnot so this cross that's
you've gone through it several times
yeah somehow we have to pass whatever
picks up cars and drops cars with a
ladder a boat and a boat we take a vote
it only picks up cars yeah exactly
that's all I know is it picks up cars
some reason it didn't pick up ours when
we came in
it could have probably tripped something
yeah no perhaps a wooden boat
be silent edge of Ireland to the fence
to the barn I'm not carrying the ladder
I'll have to roam if it's I'm not rowing
we always play when they took these
things together I'm fast not nothing it
helps but Silvano and Joe will be here
so Sylvia tube is cure the Lord very
official you're thinking a cardio yeah I
mean Joe Jones a lot stronger than I am
that works too maybe two people on the
ladder one with the shirt I take the
shots
it'd been successful I pray to God is
successful then we all leave it's not
successful then we're in big trouble
that's the understatement of the century
um there'll be five of us going through
the woods Wow yeah that doesn't need to
be five of us and a ladder
just me and a ladder oh I'm to get on
the bar under the ladder
yeah I know so there's five of us and a
big unwieldy ladder houses on but the
clown makeup is gonna fit great a nice
do I remember anything outside of the
barn that we could like push up against
the wall and maybe climb on to and
didn't look into the mic so sort of
great you can find you can find stuff
that does that's that I mean you know
you also do have time and resources if
you could get out of Walton on the nave
you know you could get a truck full of
gasoline or you know gas tanker is that
what you're saying just turn here you
can't blow up another car blow up a
building you know or you could maybe
hire some mooks massive explosion always
the way to solve things I don't know
where you're gonna find moose and walls
you right in front we need to ambush him
we have one shot to ambush him but after
that we could blow everything else up
what happens I know he's quote-unquote
the weakest when he's doing his ritual
but what happens if we actually just
ambush him like when he gets out of the
car I think he kills everybody that if
he's not at his weakness we can't kill
him we can't possibly harm him until
he's doing the ritual but I'm assuming
he may have you may have dropped his
guard if he's heading back into his own
little man but let's go back and hide in
the closet of ropes I think you'll just
kill us I'm just saying is that you'll
have them alone I mean it'll be you know
one shot like I need to shoot him during
the ritual that's the only time I can
kill him according to what the
information that we have right I'm just
saying is that he doesn't walk her I'm
again I know nothing but I'm assuming he
doesn't walk around like Superman
because like super magic on him all the
time we think it does that he might not
remember
what mobile said maybe he sleeps maybe
yeah died in the closet of ropes that
sort of thing is expensive as far as our
goes and then I like tore little thing I
balls oh thank you for saying that
why are you touching that with your skin
make me a pail oh please baby Jesus 42
let me get the answer to life the
universe say thank you she didn't make
it
that's the time we should walk in I just
I suspect that this headdress is more
than just a headdress because it's weird
you think so yeah do you think it's it's
vital to his ritual probably and then
got Casey won't do the ritual because we
have the headdress possibly so if we're
lying in wait we've taken away part of
his power
oh he's got the power without the
headdress we tried to assault him when
he did not have the headdress on and he
was not we couldn't touch him so do I
have to put the eyeballs back in order
to get him to this position boy maybe he
knew that we were there so he had a
second to prepare so maybe he had a
chance to put the shield on you make
that role perhaps it's a spell that he
activated before he came to speak to us
if he doesn't know that we're there
perhaps he may not I mean because that
takes a lot of I mean it's a hell of a
gun battery but all of this is a hell of
a gamble oh I know I know that we've
been told these there's a weakness
there's an opening at this one moment
he's using his power yeah and I was
planning on that particular contingency
perhaps if we're wrong a plan B could
just be to blow the whole thing I don't
know did it be prepared for us and we
can't hurt him do you have any
Cthulhu Mythos I do I have like 10.32
right in points I'll do it no that's a
cult where's Cthulhu Musa you shouldn't
have any I'm a 1 so I've got 1 point
roll throw me one point I don't do it
it's a trick nope 86 is not one point
all right as soon as you start twirling
yeah this thing a
weirdly androgynous voice in your head
that says just like the mask in Peru but
I already rolled POW I don't have to go
find one that's right you're you you
have you have agency no I'm not going to
I know no better than to be all smart
and sassy with this thing and put it
back in my pocket all right yeah soon as
you put it away the voice goes away do
you react when the thing is talking in
your head one of the rules is to always
listen to the voice no that's not the
rule is don't listen to the voices in
your head doesn't seem like I'm just
gonna be lasting Wow and they just put
it away yes that's probably intelligent
you're not getting fancy do we have a
better plan not really and that's the
thing he has he has guys yeah he has he
has most of the cards here we have one
more the problem he's expecting a
digital problem he's expecting a certain
person to be dead before this ritual
takes place how do we deal with that
problem not being bound he probably
can't find us I don't know that he can I
think he made a deadline a literal
deadline is it possible that like we
have her leave town and then we can't
harm her therefore she can't don't never
do what he wants to us to do we we think
we discussed it but we never well we
talk to it we talked to her about the
possibility of us covering her way
basically to be out of town for a week
but we never followed through on that I
don't know if she did I don't think she
did well we didn't give her the money to
do it that's a problem I mean we are not
in in good situation he is threatened
communities every if we don't kill her I
hate to say that is an option bundling
expedition I mean
it's an option but we've got worse all
I'm gonna say is that the best chance we
have is to strike when he doesn't expect
it where does he expect us to be because
you wouldn't have his guard up doesn't
know where doesn't expect us that's the
real question well yeah obviously
and then I point to the dude outside
true he knows where we are right now
yeah and he probably knows where we were
because we disabled them on the way out
to the mr. house
how was that cuff did they'd replace a
tire interesting though sometimes it's
been a while only a day it's another
autos come with the spare tire yeah that
was and so history's first mansplaining
occurs the first record let me tell you
about the first man the first record
incidents of man's planning being met
with a knife to the throat there that
was a snake and serpents waiting we are
not discussing this is me not unless you
want me to spend the rest of the day
whimpering so this is you guys have gone
back to the hotel to the the boarding
house it's friends the afternoon of
Friday this is the worst best idea even
yet what happens if we go back to London
it's the worst it's the worst idea how
do we do that these two out there need
to think we're still here
that's the problem and if he thinks
solves everything I'm just gonna crawl
on the kind of army group in exacta
London and then put it for there
probably a good size wrong computer is
it is it possible that they do not
follow you to the general store so there
it wasn't that far yeah it's like a
block away and they saw us walk all the
way back did they follow us to the train
station on the other town okay so I
don't like the odds of us being able to
kill him in London I think they're very
bad do we know if if he has a house if
he stays in the house if he's alone in
the house he has an apartment that you
leave I think you know the address up
but I can't remember but you pay me mind
it
he has his flat I do imagine the moment
we enter the threshold the the strange
aesthetic thing would happen just as it
always does yes the air bombing thing a
bomb is a possibility entirely to class
that sound too much going on possibility
throw dynamite before if only we had a
dynamite bra a brassiere even about four
o'clock in the afternoon you guys mm-hmm
arrived in Harwick okay and you are
in the back of a fruit truck headed to
Walton on name of bananas credible yeah
it's real deal it was free the guys
hello sweet mums and you will about a
bumpy hour later make it to Walton on
nave and the guy I'll tell it like the
guy like out of his his back window will
tell you that yeah there's really only
one place to stay in town missus
Southington that would have to be where
they are
mmm-hmm the building standing then
whether you make me spot hidden rules
our buddies aren't we're gonna see smoke
coming from yes I made a daring out of
critical yeah article whatever that is
yes what that's how that's how
we have birthdays more often the
apollyon says happy birthday professor
rather than nothing
oh now I'm dead thank you for a birthday
every week I get a cut of the
inspiration so yeah you both clear I
mean it's not even subtle there is there
are two goons in a car watching the
boardinghouse is there a long way around
that is I bet they're set up for the
entrance yes they're like parked right
in front of me I would recognize one of
them yeah I'm from the hotel I heard
this idea from Emma once you get a
banana one of us yeah not after it's
been in there's a hint you want to get
it before it's fully brown though it's
still spotty
I'll take video to bread our banana
bread yeah but then so it would be an
end then but then they're still here if
their car messes they're still here it's
trying to get in there how can I
probably gonna I'm gonna walk that was
my plan I mean there's not it there's no
other way around so now that has the
other side he walks like the guy in
Saturday Night Fever spinal problems why
am I wearing a rock I know why I'm
wearing a lot yeah that part I'm not
confused about so you're just gonna walk
into the boarding house yeah all right
yeah they're sitting in the drawing in
the drawing room
all right are your three friends and as
you walk in you hear like if we had a
positive identification okay you asked
for this stupid thing that I remember I
just wait to hear someone talk about
explosives oh hey you made it
yeah so did you you was okay thanks
to tell you have again showed up at the
suite no he was not a happy camper does
he ever seem to be yeah no he but but he
was he knows that you guys were in his
house he said that you left a mess yeah
my things for a wizard to be able to
easily track him all by knows where we
are all the time how does that possible
I bled all over the pen Houston
foundation do you remember that he was
like you know if you leave bodily fluids
head anywhere you go okay good yeah so
Alice drummers know where you are all
the time that was the bodily fluids
extinct ease onto us he says we're not
obvious but now says it do you guys were
supposed to off someone where are we
we're in somebody's somebody's house
anyone
oh you must be the two they said we're
coming yes that's right you've also got
abandoned across my head because of that
birthmark so I look awesome day well
isn't that exotic the stonemason yep
he's working on his stone masonry
masters master internship oh it's good
to have a craft mm-hmm
she'll pour some tea and shall I show
you where the other room is and chill
make a a stern admonition that women and
men should not sleep see it should not
be in the same room okay but we're in
the this room for the two I'm just
confused the fact that we're all in the
same room why she's telling us this now
and for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] purposes have not left
us yeah we saw them I recognize we since
we lost them went to the Miss her house
ransacked ish not entirely but thank you
thank you she can hear much yes she has
not demonstrated a great deal of concern
about anything you've talked about all
right Terry all right so here's here's
what happened we went to the mr. house
we did some some reconnaissance there
are zombies there but I know show you
don't touch make a power yeah yep yep
yep yep yep yep yep you creamer I don't
have to wait get to your phrasing that
right away
Oh did you fail Andy 94 that's whoa hold
on no cuz this could be a thing
it could be not looking what yeah no
that's why I wanted exactly what happens
in your head you hear a voice and it
tells you exactly what you're looking
for I will argument you made your my
power also you somehow avoid this whole
thing you on the other yes there's a
voice in your head that says I am the
item you seek I belittle how you
to cast all the magic you want cost cost
now I wish I had failed can we use
inspiration tell you that's what we need
we need to hear this
I wasn't original you can't you just
ignore from what the point of us having
is this crown if we're not going to used
to keep it away from the person being
would use this he's gonna use it as a
ritual to open a portal yeah I'm gonna
say recognizer recognize it that's what
I did I recognize it and it said I mean
it can what do you mean it said it says
a lot of stuff what it can it can say it
you know stood it on the ritual but I'm
not stupid I don't put it on because you
know what I don't want to do open a
black hole to the black Pharaoh I don't
want to break a crate I put a mask on I
mean is protected with an elder sign
though freaking glowing oh I'm sure I
think that was crafted I love it at
Stonehenge that's why it's that's why
it's great I'm taking notes no no that's
exactly in combat no I'm pulling out my
notes yeah okay we have to have dinner I
won't have then we don't have to worry
about it we can make the other big ones
don't but how do we get back to
Stonehenge H like we have to know you
made this early in the morning but it's
not glowing
Dorsey's that's the difference fine next
this is a power yes the next time the
next slide the next eye of paparazzi
yeah this professor wouldn't have
die of power friend whenever you're
willing to start making sense many we
all have to survive that real survive
this we have to because he's going to
come and kill us all tomorrow
you mean Tom tomorrow yes yes did not
perform
hmm the thing that you guys are supposed
to do
Zarah so either that's not gonna happen
I suspect so either us or him have to be
dead by Saturday option no it's not do
you mean no I would like to avoid that
yes like what the word you mean but we
use the hat you know it's not a hat it's
a headband and you're not using it but
it would check but doesn't we don't have
another stone right now we have the
other stone right go back well obviously
we have to take care of this first so so
either way this has to be put off and we
have to worry about the task at hand
yeah surviving thanks to this I do look
as it takes a stress on my neck for a
little bit you are going to have the
worst spine I will adapt so okay so so
fine just build it but all right well we
have to deal with him but don't believe
he didn't know him first note we had
we're just gonna have to work with the -
okay all right I say we split into teams
yes he could track Aleksandra right
I mean decoy you go after Zahra thing
but you don't kill her but you try make
it look like you're truster I mean just
called your assassination skills and
agustín so something to throw when
money to rent or buy a car I can tell
you do really just attract you and he
sees you going well three-hour wrong
along with the plan right we are
assuming that I'm the only one that he's
they he contract waitlist we know that
much we know that he's tracking you
because I bled all over the the pending
foundation did anyone else lose family
fluid so no yes colleague Lewis I didn't
say any well you were smashed against
the glass but I don't broke no my kids
but it wasn't you it last didn't smash
you would last never broke you would
have left spit all over
yeah what about that's a bodily fluent
oh yeah but he's also a friend to
Crowley right stuff wrongly but we know
he's trucking at least we could suspect
he's tracking you Alexandra I mean
that's our best guy we have to at least
act like we're going up to his Arara how
maybe while you do that time take a shot
at them he's not tracking me I hope not
I have a quick question did every
Gavigan sorry I forgot his name for
saying say that he was going to kill us
on Saturday or just do we think it's
those two we have to certify him on
Saturday by Saturday that were dad by
Saturday morning
he'll probably so he need to let us know
we need to let he needed to be pretty he
needed to know that the target was dead
Saturday morning or he'd come after us
can you fix Aras death you know anybody
who could help you face a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] death
and we get her out of town with enough
money yep and a little luck you could
possibly do that and we don't have to
leave necessarily you can bake you can
but yeah you'd hand the job or you could
she could pretend to you may faked her
own death so if it doesn't work it's her
a photo perhaps of her dead body but
she's not really dead
I've got photography well I'm just I can
also see if when is the protection going
to be off of gas you have to be the one
to be there
with her so you pretend to stab her take
a picture of the dead body every pose
she holograph and just say deed is done
it's cheap I don't know if it's good
enough for this fellow bond he'll want I
don't care if it's good enough or not
good enough for him with his powers he
may just know she's alive
he may baby he's tracking her as well
okay and that's and that's the question
because if I all right let's assume that
I were to actually follow through on the
job for her what I would leave behind is
very little if I were trying to make it
look like it was a struggle or something
there'd be blood all over the place and
if he contract using bodily fluids jus
there's no good way to make her look
like she's dead that will trick him he
can track bodily fluids gosh that's
eligible just right an assassination
skill yes 21 out of 80 I mean you know
Donald's done a few explosions in his
day but well unfortunately Donald
contracted better than any so well great
built a bomb and I placed the bomb
oh okay it's different I can't make the
bunch myself well it wouldn't be all
that difficult to come across some
dynamite if you talked to the right
people there were generals these people
in London that I could come in contact
with again why is your hand yeah
just kidding so he's gonna like even if
we kill her don't kill her bungalow it
up as we usually do so if she's dead why
would he not then either turn the police
on us and say oh gee I've had a tip I
think I know who did it or just kill us
so there's no point in killing her to
just get ourselves and get us dead later
when we're gonna be dead sooner point
one point if he thinks that he scared us
into doing this for him he lets his
guard down and he does his ritual like
he's supposed to do on Sunday night
thinking thinking that we are out of his
hair I think either Danny energy
thinking that we're gonna be able to
fool him yeah agreed
either that I don't want to have to kill
her
but that's where our second other option
so it's approaching its approaching
dinner time on yes it is it is reaching
the point where if you are going back to
London hey how can I have to leave now
to catch the last train to be there
before well and here's the other
question if I'm the only one that they
see leave yeah that's obvious no but
you've worked alone
of course I work yeah that's not unusual
for you I mean that's true but if you
guys are still here
right why are you staying why are you
still here yeah and you know all of our
lives all of our everything that we know
about you is in London so we would all
need to go back to London or none of us
go back to London
no if you want me to go and like run in
the opposite direction and draw his eye
that direction I have ideas loads we
could all get on the train and then
that's it stop and turn it back later so
we actually have to go back to London
are there any stops that are reasonably
close to them to like Harwich well heart
which is where you catch the train right
are there any other stops yeah the chest
Colchester and possibly maybe either get
a car there or someone else's get in the
car like this you know how do we lose
our town well let's get on the train we
lost them
yeah you're just gonna follow the Train
it's not that hard and then stop at each
stop to make sure we don't get off the
train look at the trains faster than
their car is it possible around here
yeah come on especially with with the
roads yeah so then once we're all the
train and they're tracking you mm-hmm
you go back to London I continue on the
train yes so we have these elder signs
so a straightforward assault like I mean
we're here might be we might be able to
do this well yeah I know let's take over
how are you and what have you done with
man
if we do take over his house he doesn't
we come and do the ritual if that's the
source of his magic and he can't cast
his magic no it might be worth it to
burn a house to the ground
no he cast his magic in London yeah ages
away so I think the point is but we have
learned about casting magic we know that
he has to run out unless he's using
something else to fuel it and there's no
way he could be casting like this has
absolutely these things absolutely
depleted us like I can't keep doing
these magic is anything like this he
can't sustain it like there's something
that he's doing there's there's like
like that what you have that apparently
is something that you can use to to cast
spells without giving up your own energy
if he's doing that sort of those sorts
of rituals there and again like when we
went to Stonehenge piecing this all
together here like the nodes to give him
the power if we can cut that off he
might not have the power to do anything
to us and you should have been out of
character don't listen to anything that
I said because no this is a body I was
kind of going crazy right now I don't
know with cans of petrol well okay so we
learned that he is going to be at a low
point during that and that's the only
time we can kill him
that's a weapon sorry because three
ritual process of waning yes as well
that's impossible
I mean if we cut him off from that he
might not nearly be the threat yeah but
that's assuming that he will start the
ritual at all there's a lot of
assumption in this with the headband of
eyes in Emma's pocket well that could
just be one thing he could have been
collecting this stuff for a long time
which is what we need to straight a
minting this they use a sacrifice to
power their ritual yeah oh yeah saw some
jeweled head
they just kill someone else to do this
we're taking their energy but again if
we cut off the way he takes their energy
they say five bucks says I know who
these sacrifices merely cause him
trouble and don't kill him he's going to
come after us yes and we are in trouble
I think I think you have it right he's
gonna come after us even if I do it he's
gonna come after us one way regardless
it is regardless thank you Aleister
Crowley so I'd like to hit him when he's
weak and we have this very interactive
to you right now I think we have to do
it on the Sunday at the new moon we need
the ritual with let's go with this
planet it's crazy
Saturday but yes yeah we don't have all
right so here's the question do we think
that it's going to be Gaffigan who's
coming after us or the two people who
are outside guys outside deal with and
the other I don't think we can he'll
send parrot sharks or other minions
after us as we think the stores to open
a good banana and we don't really have
any place here did you have an orange in
there potato potato potato my word
you know the Irishman finds that
offensive good all right so what do we
want to do you have officially missed
the train back to London but we're
getting dinner yes roast is far as a
lovely roast that plans are simply see
my resize here you're probably gonna
have to head out tonight Mike so you can
only assault miss her house and burning
it down yes I don't think that doesn't
it good we just burn a house down
doesn't stop the ritual the ritual
happens that and
back on the outside okay we'll set that
on fire to it just bring dirt a saline
it's an ominous Swain anyone's thoughts
they're not gonna do a ritual in fire
maybe they will yeah you do it to his
lair a ring of fire and they said
zombies all right we'll all push against
the Ovilus - yeah we're reductive we're
protected nothing can hurt us yeah :
except for bullets you go doesn't
protect against I blow up the obelisk
mm-hmm every magnet dynamite so I will I
will say this it does not if I've
learned anything through our expeditions
long division hmm that too I don't think
those things will be as protective as
you think they are I really like no
you're wrong don't you don't understand
you don't understand she doesn't
understand no no no we did the ritual we
went through all the steps yeah we may
have got a crow Feist handouts I've seen
that sort of thing before
and it wasn't as effective as we wanted
it to be so I don't I don't feel that
way ah very have you done the research
mm-hmm universe die
yeah sorry everybody again for the
Nuggets so I wasn't looking at you feel
motion say sorry so people get off your
case I'm getting from you I think you'd
do it again
I know people in new ideas you like you
know what me screw this up I understand
that that research is very tell him
where that warehouse here that were the
final standoff is gonna take the please
go wrong you're like what we lost so
smashed it
there is research night yes I've I have
heard that from someone else very much
like you before and she's gone killed in
the universe that we destroyed it's not
just to you wait wait sorry what
you guys haven't really told what are
you talking about hold on what what has
a believer mind what are you you're
wearing a stone the size of your torso
and it is not the size of my torso
magical thing about it is when you swing
it around on that stupid you knock
somebody in the head I'm gonna try that
is not a person well maybe of course you
have not brought up to these to the unit
on finding like no I'm Eunice I have
very unruly insane
really Wow how did I do when what things
were going to happen how do I know what
things were gonna happen when back in
New York all the things we know that is
nice mmm that you were gonna kidnap and
kill a police officer she's not I
checked the door I mean this is me
you've met me I mean yeah but no I don't
know okay we're living universe and no
that's there's no I'm not following
thinking in my notes I'm looking at my
notes like stone-carved went to
Stonehenge
okay blow up the
obelisk okay and then burn down house
yes is that what we're doing yes have we
done anything useful no burn this man's
house to the ground I mean what we're
gonna have to actually deal with him you
said it's not back two minutes but
that's not the world that's the you okay
okay so you got this one right hmm why
is this not working you got this this
one really cool headband okay guys how's
the war let's see what happens we
searched the see what happens I mean
we're we're low on options shoe tonight
if I'll let you wear it if you give me
the elder son that will protect her from
any evil that it could is like a rosary
yeah this is my sister's you want to
hold my elders no it's too heavy
oh no I guess that's not a good trade oh
no no wait a headband let's see what
happens I mean I'm sure the dark Pharaoh
already knows we're here I mean so if
you hand trekking out today I'm looking
Holden I'm not good but hold and I will
wear because I have the other sign so
I'm gonna be perfectly protected and
then we can see what it does do not have
the person with 25 palette on the
freakin we circle back to billing gavel
yeah no one in chat asked it was enough
headwear mr. house to form the Village
People
I think you should let
Joan try it on yeah she has done the
research I think we should get back to
this great plan that we had going on
about how to shoot Gavigan from the
garage what are the what's the boxes in
the circle garage so house garage ritual
location shoot so but the ritual is on
Sunday and we're dead Saturday that's
well I mean well against you come after
us there handleable handle baby they
really the things instead of people we
we need to try the headband before we go
to the guy we don't know what we
formation sure then all the beds on bees
and all the other things you guys talked
about can't get us now you don't know
what kind of information it will take
from us yeah it could do other every
black Pharaoh it could go straight to
the black Pharaoh and that's all sorts
of not fun now an elder sign will
definitely protect against that no
because you got no other other only
things is is it's that's it's Jam you're
so confident these elder signs let's go
to the Miss her house start flashing
your badge of justice around or whatever
sure as long as we have gasoline to burn
the place down as well
so you can also get a burn things debt
it's just burned down mr. houses burned
things right down the plans off this is
a protective the plan is to kill Gavigan
yes not burn the house kill them on
Sunday all right then what do we do on
Saturday I want to kill him any day
what do we say what I want to sell them
any day I think with a jean-claude Van
Damme piece let's not be here yes we
read find a place on the moor and camp
out camping equipment do they have
wolves here no no if we're all the
terrible things who come get us yeah
let's not go out yeah I will the first
at the front of my old flat says never
mind hmm I think we're safer here but I
do I do agree because what happens if we
get picked up and dropped just like the
car right everything I say is like what
oh yes there was a thing that destroyed
vehicles would you make one of these on
vehicle put one on the roof of another
but then I wouldn't be wearing it yes
too small that's by the way they didn't
bring the car yeah we mentioned that
yeah good job yeah so Wallach renews
arguing you do realize that the mr.
house is like for our walk
different our run iron that I can
because of dealing with the technical
foundation and and the were we're very
low on is there any town we could stay
at that's on the on the coast do we then
get a boat from and then is not really
let's see here yeah there's I mean we
would literally have to go to somebody's
house closer to Gavin's and ask okay so
like so where we are here's welton on
the name right here Walton is here on
the coast and that's
that's mr. house right there that's the
gate hmm that's that weird tower which
I'll just go ahead and tell you nothing
you don't there's nothing going on there
don't oh I'm not worried about that then
I don't believe you first though I don't
like when everything's fine uh-huh no no
uh we have we've spent this whole
episode sitting it this is like a bottle
episode yeah but the tower is a complete
red herring
there's nothing well then we could go
and stay at the tower so we're out
getting a boat is there a way to get a
boat okay there are definitely boats
available and walton-on-the-naze not it
you know six o'clock at night oh yeah
Wow tomorrow morning how about tomorrow
we're both like to Carol's in the car
can't follow us if we run about yeah
unless they rent a boat and then if
they're in the water this will we can
take care of them what happens if you
lure them to the Miss her house their
car gets picked up and blown up the
thing here's the thing here's the thing
they turn into sharks and we'd be on the
water now that I think about and their
parent mr. house hates cars but
electricity came in it has a garage it
can't be all anti true it can't be a
complete Luddite how do people get in
there yeah I think come on come coming
for the ritual there's this one bridge
they take and they give them a big truck
remember it stick it they all truck out
to the location it's had their ritual
let's rock back to London they cross
that bridge when I get to it yes hmm all
right so good it's Friday evening so
boat and stay at the tower there's a pub
name in town there are probably eight
people there or you can I heard sitting
in yeah you have a lovely dinner mrs.
Southampton puts together a lovely
dinner she asks politely if no one could
she explains it peace aren't these
aren't sitting couches these are show
couches my spine told me that one
[Laughter]
all right let's get drunk so you're just
gonna go to the pub solution at the pub
you can actually find a guy who will
cool you know you get him drunk enough
flash these and he's like the show where
you go I'll take you a shark just kind
of tour around them and show up yeah it
maybe get on the island take a take a
walk around see what's up you want to
go tonight or tomorrow tonight hmm
there's an option to go tonight and
we've been drinking yeah this is a great
idea I I have to say that drunken
sailing is the best kind of sailing I've
got they're all going to die let's do it
oh yeah he knows what he's talking about
have you ever gone fishing with dynamite
that's a ridiculous idea I saw it once
I'm from the United States I saw it
well that that exact I mean that's what
that is it's very much a Yank thing to
do I have I've gone fishing with poison
no yeah how did you eat it
I didn't I don't like fish like the anti
pescetarian I like this guy okay let's
go all right yeah all right but what we
round of shots all right go back to
those to the boarding house you gather
my things
yeah get all the guns and whatnot yeah
sure one hmm
we're all going to die Donna I need
cells like as you're leaving you here go
and fill up your flask and put it on
their tab sir
sure he has so this is a fishing boat
fishing boat usually you know it's like
9 o'clock at night now
yeah so you go back to the house yeah my
things right and you walk out with a bag
mm-hmm and will is just like leaning
against the car
and then just look at him raise an
eyebrow keep walking those things will
kill you you know I'm an opera singer
yeah bad for your throat they're bad for
everything else ask me why I know so you
have it as you destroyed a universe with
them yes I said a bunch of cigarettes on
fire and threw them at the universe
that's totally the way that happened and
yet Big Tobacco still says it's not a
problem you you know you he takes you to
the dock he's swerving a little bit
that's fine he's got a fishing boat and
he like pulls the get started and it's a
little tight with all five of you in it
but you know keeps you warm at least
yeah there's no cabin it's just and he's
at the back like trying like this he
immediately becomes clear that he knows
this place like the back of his hand
he's just like you you know he knows
exactly where to go a little to the left
because there's a sandbar there and he's
like narrating the whole thing is you
know went along and he's like you know
on over there that sets your best place
if you want to catch dolphin all right i
poisoned them if you if you go over to
the left they're bluefin poison then he
hates fish apparently next to me I was
just like Bobby never to order the fish
at the and have you told him that you
want to go so you want to go to the
island yep I'm sorry yes look around
nieces
you know that's private property oh not
that I care a bit property the
interesting stories here about well no
nobody goes there why is that well cause
it's haunted well who that sounds like
an interesting story it's not it's
haunted do you know what sort of home
right there's different kinds of haunts
not a ghost
haunted don't Google just one ghost that
sounds boring I mean I haven't done I
haven't counted a little there is a
ghost of who their story is you see a
story it goes Sherman okay what you go
bring me back to biography tell me who
it's the ghost of oh that sounds a great
thing well you are full of great ideas
sir let's go I'm gonna find that ghost
of conversation
if you insist the story will write a
book we'll cut you in on the on the
money we make from the book all right
I'll wait here Jackson lives rest in
peace no you can write where the damned
yeah oh yeah so he like you're now
coming through like an inlet so you're
you know it's about maybe 15 feet wide
there's Shore on either side and he's
like it's gonna start getting pretty
pretty shallow soon I'm gonna need to
stop before I run aground with the with
the tide so should I just wait here
because you know what how long does it
take you to talk to a ghost shouldn't
take long well it depends on how long it
take line the goal is to show up take
some time I know we're having fun here
and we're talking about ghosts but I
just want to be clear I get 30% the
ghost the boat - no wait what are you
actually going to talk to the ghost yeah
robbing the place
yeah yeah I thought you were robbing the
okay were you really going to talk to
his ghost early thought thought it was a
good idea
no no we were having fun with you yeah
right well we've been drinking too
you have not enough 30 percent all right
well I'll wait here right now in the
morning tides gonna go out I'm gonna
have to I won't be able to get you until
the afternoon so I don't know if I can
come back here you know before before
the moon sets or it's gonna have to be
in the afternoon at this location yeah
I'll come right here I understood see
that red do that red tree right there
it's dark flash flashlight on it yeah oh
you brought flashlights see I knew you
were thieves yeah
five five mysterious people come to a
small village with a mansion out in the
I know what's going I was born at night
but I was important it last night I'll
tell you that right now
all right all right sir it's fun Donald
[Music]
all right so so you are Exodus yeah you
are in the forest at the back name again
his name is again Seamus okay Thomas me
mate I have to remember when he comes
after us looking for his person you have
to remind me what I said he was called
come on yep Seamus Seamus would she
Seamus thirty percent I was like Shh
shame on us Seamus Boyd Seamus Neeson
Boyd probably probably distant relative
of Billy Boyd and you notice as soon as
he went to the thirty percent thing he
was not nearly as drunk as he was
[Laughter]
do recall something about zombies I am
looking for a strong sturdy branch but I
mean if we kill him good I really find
something in the house we can get that
he knows we're here
Alexandra's here with us that's what
gave us away carrying a crowbar around
what do you do with a crowbar walking
fishing that's my therapy it's my finger
peek over well then here's the question
do I leave I hate it I think it's a moot
point you're here you're already here
yeah we had our opportunity that sends
what's the goal folks what we're trying
to do we're here on earth
I mean fry didn't technically we could
send Alex if we wanted to really do Pam
send Alexandre back with something and
she could just say that she
double-crossed us she gets back in the
boat and takes off and let Sheamus take
out my lighter from cigarette habit I've
been taking up runs late to the ground
we're not at the house right to time
well yeah we're gonna have to yeah so
let's find a place to you are like
you think that you're unlike the back
end so you'd be coming towards the
clearing yes
yeah you'd be coming like that yes sort
of that way no but serious question do
you send me back with Sheamus because if
he's if he's truck here's the real
question do we think he's only tracking
me no no then yeah they kept tracking me
too well and then if you're in our
parlor and stuff so I mean it wouldn't
be hard to figure out what hotel we were
and the thing is is we're gonna set off
alarms anyways he's gonna know as soon
as we cross her you wrote a letter from
the pet written truth it just he's not
here yet he's not here he's in London
right
so the purpose is we party we've already
looked been to the house what else are
we after just laying wait get you on the
roof our alibi is gone yeah how about
some maybe some of the group returns and
I wait or maybe two of us wait I think
it's it's all why we need him to come
ere on Sunday night it's Friday night

yeah I'm just saying we take out three zombies we are living on
easy street for 24 hours
in this Shack yeah we got some time
inside what's that he comes with all his
goons well he's gonna do that anyways
right like what's what's splitting up
how is that gonna help with that yeah I
would like if we could get some dynamite
well I think we don't blow the bridge on
the way oh that ship has sailed
I asked about dynamite he said just
poison me what if we blow the bridge
fishing with what yeah
dynamite you brought dynamite no I don't
have a dynamite now Sheamus is still
down there
we can talk to him shame is pop on down
to the store
don't assaulted me go with him one of us
who at least can go yeah you could ask
you know he could go and you know
probably it would be in the morning but
and what would we explain that we're
using dynamite for crack it's a good
answer okay all right should we clear
out some songs you said hold up here
and you guys go get dynamite I doors
like that phantoms yes yeah yeah I got
my zombie stick
ever so so you're gonna tell you're
gonna ask Seamus go get some dynamite
yeah might as well
he goes and he says oh yeah I'll leave
right away and then there's a pause and
he goes oh you do you actually mean it
yeah
we have to blow safe alright
I'll be back in the morning okay cool
alright we're gonna set off the zombie so do we stay outside of
the property probably we get
dynamite
this is live let's not be it's going to
be a very uncomfortable night 
this is not what I was expecting but you can get close
enough to take rifle shots on the zombies
no offense yes I've been the first by
time and and really the only reason so
I'll give you one role and then if you
make the role you get rid of all of them
if you fail all you still get rid of all
of them but it takes a little while and
you know is louder yeah do we want to
leave one alive just so that these two
can prove to us that the validity of
their rocks yes yeah go right in with
your honor so I mean my scopes align.
you kill three zombies and you don't see
anything else
moving
that was pretty epic
Seamus yeah I can't show you how it
works now I think I think I think we
made the right thing well into the right
chart yeah it to the right magic
defensive alarm I mean I wouldn't be
hurt by the alarm that's what you're
asking
yes you don't know what effect it would
have now let's find other worldly things
I don't know other world here that's it
sound like an alarm as other woman mm no
well this is definitely a magical alarm
so yeah I know this is probably the same
sort of alarm that knocked me
unconscious at the juju house ooh
well dang someone using me as a puppet
to suck we should definitely I will go
in first so you're going my stakeout not
right but but we will time it so that we
are not unnecessarily finding out that
it doesn't work at an inopportune time
yes it is an opportune yeah when the
dynamite arrives all right so you're
gonna camp out for the night on the
moors yeah waiting for Seamus to come
back in the morning
all right everybody make me a con thank
you success oh yeah didn't make it
anybody who made it Wow every so every
one but the person who actually bought
their stuff cut damn it this is what
happens when you have 25 car and you
start like a little fire it is
incredible so you will have a
disadvantage died on everything from
lack of sleep
apparently the snores of your
compatriots to immediately
just like give up and lean against one
of the rocks
all right everyone wakes up refreshed
yep you know really sleeping the the
pressure is very cranky
my lungs feel so clear to me and does
not immediately hand me coffee I will
stop I'm feeling my power I work up
right yes lose one sanity because so
during the night a very familiar voice
oh the stupid thing is talking to me
again she's a professor why didn't you
let her wear me because you're not good
you're gonna make us do something bad
all I do what's his store magical energy
and then give it to people you don't you
lie lie of what I want to do why don't
you just shoot and not what like this
role be make me a sanity role don't ever
the conversation with the voices all
right so because you missed it and we're
talking out loud
watches make me have to rolled itself
that anyway which is probably why she's
awake yelling I am a mess I am a battery
from magical energy what's your name I am the headdress of eyes, crafted by the ancient Egyptians
What year were you created
The Third Dynasty
Your professor friend could
authenticate that she's very learned
remember it's coming into my dreams at
all who else is put you on I am Gavigan
has warned me many times for rituals yes
okay and where do you get the energy
from to give to him from so from I get I
I take a small amount of energy from him
over time and it builds up I'm a force
multiplier if
your professor friend puts me on and
does good things then I will have done
something when I was what does Gavigan
do when he puts you on? He performs rituals that initiate
new members to the health of the blood
of the black Pharaoh he communicates
with... I'm not sure you're ready for the
name. you wouldn't know anything
about ending the world oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how do
you know about that I know everything
you don't know everything I know
everything Gavigan nose and Gavigan
knows everything so what is get so if
you know everything Gavigan knows what
is the one thing that he is afraid of
them most
put me on nope hmm that's the only way I
can have questions like Jenna I did I'm
currently a tune gavin
edward Gavigan because that's how magic
works items connect only to one
individual and no one else can use them
until another individual piece along
everybody knows if you want me to answer
questions like that I have to attune oh
it's how magic works just to find out
because I really want to put this on a
48 tells me to do what exactly I'm
really upset right now I'm fighting with
my body's yes you come up Sheena's like
certain her voice is starting to rise
and she's waking them
You guys okay we all read Bonnie come on
Jim I make it so you feel energized
okay you feel like I was pissed off
before I was already free so so no no
this feels different you feel like set
you know you feel like you've you've
slept three days and you are just wide
awake okay you are wired all right so
back to what we were saying
what does Gavigan fear the most and how
do I kill him am I now attuned to you
give it a now are we I mean I'm just
walking around like super super angry
really just like I would be like you
accept my services Emma what are you
doing what does that mean I mean what
we've come to accept my services I am
talking to yourself now you can answer
questions like that oh we can I can huge
been drinking too much
price power I give you power I don't
need as you do I help you be a better
use yeah you don't need that nobody
needs that nobody is more of this do you
accept my services? Yes.
How do i defeat Gavigan? What is his biggest fear? How do
i kneel on him and make him break and
cry and beg for mercy as I punch him in
the face to death
Zaara. You need to
hit him when his defenses are lowest he
cannot not spell his defence spell is
very expensive and without me he can't
keep it on all the time okay Oh so but
yeah you do have to be careful if he has
his sectors where what's a second where
is he has he has very usually in London
with him okay I miss drinking he's gonna
bring it with him though right does he
use them to perform the ritual that yes
the ritual the ritual that he performs
the may the the major ritual that he
performs requires more power than I can
provide me oh yeah and thus the scepters
who are really stupid and not worth your
time do they talk to you as well well
I've never talked to them okay sectors I
am jewelry and they're just sticks yeah
and how many scepters does he need to do
this well he has to okay I don't know
that's how many he needs I guess okay
but with really stuff with the scepters
partially and my power Gavigan is nigh
invulnerable with just the scepters he's
and without so in your professional
estimation now we're just now I'm
sitting down
I'm glad perfectionist if I need
except that I am a professional
I take pride in my work. It sounds
like it. If we were
able to wrangle the scepters away from
him how long do you think that he could
cast protection on himself not very long.
Have you heard of these
crazy things called elder signs note
they're quite powerful how do you use
them because those two and I point to
those two who are wearing them around their necks.
Despite being the
headdress of eyes I can't actually see
I'm not okay but I'll take your word for
it the two people that are near you have
elder science and elder signs are very
strong protection okay against
otherworldly features they are no
protection against mundane anything okay
got it so they're not protection against
zombies or Gavigan or anything like that
it would just be protection against
black Pharaoh or spells again to them or
creatures that are not of this planet
okay and is that a single protection so
if you have an elder sign is it do you
have the ability to protect the group or
do you have the ability there I mean or
as if usually usually it is it is based
on the size of the sign usually the sign
the signs are not usually mobile they're
usually crafted into something and they
are often used to seal things mm-hmm
but there is you know a small stone
could give some protection
and it would be personal protection yes
okay I'm not really glad we're working
together well I find it as fascinating
so if we were to use a large stone to
perhaps does that obelisk that Gavigan
does his rituals at is there a need to
seal that oh if you wish to if you wish
to harm his power you should destroy
that how do we destroy an obelisk I
don't I don't even have to surly want to
touch it
well it's very hard to destroy it if you
won't touch it I mean I understand the
semantics or that answer so do we
just break it or is there something a
great first step but is there something
in addition to physical destruction.
Gavigan draws energy from all of
the participants in the ritual using obelisk and
then uses that energy to summon the
black Pharaoh okay and then the orgy
start but or so I've heard yeah cuz you
can't see I can't see yeah I can hear
weird not the headdress of ears but I
can hear yeah you have eyes all around
you but yet you cannot see and even
though i'ma come to you I can hear you
I can't see. you could just
hear what I'm I couldn't I thinking
I can hear it I can communicate with you
or I could go to your friend who
I think really would have
gotten a lot more out of my services
probably. she knows a spell.
what spell does she know
well I don't know but I can just tell
that she has power oh she has cast a
spell you you this is like library
research I'm a little offended by that
I'm sorry but your your said I have such
capabilities such power and you use me to ask
20 questions. what's it like to destroy
the universe I take this off we're done
now.
And you can't take it off.

that seems like a bad idea I
have a lot of those stick around I have
another.
The only way I will
leave you is if you give me to your
professor friend okay oh my good I can
tell you're lying I'm fifty fifty
percent saying okay no that's not good I
love if you get off my head for a little
bit I can think about it without being
bothered by somebody in my head I'll
I'm just watching this hole has the half
of the conversation is going do I know
that she's watching yeah you yeah she's
been throwing like they're acutely aware
the little pebbles I think it won't get
off my head do you want me to make a
list of all of the things that you just
actually with this infuriate Gavigan if
I was just walking around with this on
my head if that also feels like a great
idea a little bit I mean I poked in the
eye I was like hey what do you think
which one three of us are all asleep yes
yeah I was really hoping this was a
dream I was having in I mean if you
can't take it off unless you give it to
Joan I'm hesitant on that just because
they seemed all stuck to my head I want
me rose eyeballs on my head
where is the jewelry I think that's all
of us dumb things are so obvious alright
so hang on let's just back this up since
since obviously eyeballs aren't talking
to me anymore
I gotta get you a big loser it's that is
the lovely thing you have on okay bit
exotic for the way that's really pretty
though it's cool it would totally work
it's a bit exotic for me well maybe but
maybe it's telling you to start dressing
better oh so I'm getting it from you and
from it I am the headdress of eyes okay
so I'm sorry the headdress of eyes Ivy
let's call it Ivy yeah Ivy I won't
answer that that's fine
I'll talk about you and when I don't
want to talk to you I'll call you Ivy
when I address you as the headdress of
eyes then please understand that I'm
speaking with you
you're very childish
sorry what did it say we're just
never mind so it was created in the 3rd
dynasty to perform rituals and it tells
me that it does exactly what jump thinks
it tubs is that it stores power and it
takes little bits of power which means
it's sucking power from me right now yes
but if it's small amounts then it might
not be taking more than you can you
almost certainly won't notice okay great
almost certainly and that it then
stores it from Gavigan and then pushes
it out when he does the rituals along
with taking energy from all the people
at the ritual site in order to
communicate with the black Pharaoh how
does he take power from all the people
at the site it's the the obelisk is a
focus point so they focus all of their
power I mean I'm assuming they're just
gonna kill the kid and use the blood
anyway but whatever
and I love how we're all super busy oh
so here's a fearsome interesting thing
you should I never know the sacrifice it
makes it much harder okay so apparently
it should we shouldn't
I'm sorry Gavin should not know the
sacrifice 

it
won't stop interrupting while I'm trying
to tell you things
Joan it would really
get like in deep with you
does it know any rituals? no it doesn't.
dark wonderful ritual it knows things I
asked you in the world
oh no I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] would help me figure out
where to get the other items I can help
you say they would we'll ask them to
track them down to further will
apparently to sergeant listening to yes
can you hear those two are crazy I know
hold you when I said the two would the
crazy elder signs but if you give me to
the professor alone
well that I meant is true all right so
yeah you can just have two minutes with
my compatriots thank you sure anyway
let's back this train up the created
Third Dynasty in perfect a vessel and
order that pinches a little bit of power
from me constantly and then I have the
ability to apparently to focus that
power on something while casting a
ritual right what I think now you're
casting rituals excuse me art isn't a
male voice or a female voice the tenth
raja'na sounds like a weird like okay
took the Charlie Brown teachers I didn't
write your name down what's your name
again tea headdresses
excuse me headdress of eyes did I get
that interpretation correct I mean it
hasn't been two minutes I'm sorry but I
just wanted you to verify that I wasn't
missing meat was speaking out of turn
guys she could hear it I mean it was
very imprecise but yes your tenure
you've got the gist okay so that's the
gist of it so that information is
currently not and Gavigan uses it in
order to perform rituals and initiate
new members he draws power from the
initiate stay focus it on the obelisk
the obelisk you got that hopeless - yeah
we can make one he also has two scepters
so this is the important problem
he is the weakest when he's
performing his ritual. headdress but he also
has two scepters that allow him to
extend his power, without them he's only able to protect
himself for a few minutes.
elder signs only protect you from
otherworldly things, they're not
gonna stop zombies, bullets, people or parrot sharks.
Parrot shark? you mean the night-gaunts? Gavigan cast
a simple spell of summon night gaunt and
he bound it to a person
another way to weaken Gavigan is to
destroy the obelisk and then seal the
ground with an elder sign 
this thing's stuck to my head
when I asked what is he afraid of and
how do we kill him  we went
through 
how to kill him but he said that he was
afraid it was a horror with her why what
is about earth that he's afraid of we
should have gone back and gotten her and
brought her here let's go back and get
her and the rod and stuff hold on
but let's blow up the obelisk yes yes I
agree if on cue say mrs. Li you hear a
boat like puttering up you're not sure
where he is but I don't gentlemen blow
up the obelisk yet turn to London no
block the Ovilus kill what's his name
but he won't be he's in London get on a
boat go ahead get Zara then go after
why are you afraid of her she must know
she must know well she knows it's not
that she doesn't know she's the one who
told us but what if she's every bit as
bad as he is how is that possible
did you worship the black pharoh - we
maybe they worship a
different aspect but
let's choose the lesser of two evils we
don't know that she's the lesser of two
evils outright that indicated the lesser
of two evils
okay that makes sense I am not in favor
of this at all well first off because it
would require us going back to London
and we were supposed to have killed her
by now and talk to her oh maybe we get a
piece of it this is a lie we should take
note of ham cause some of the material
yes yes I'm incapable of seeing anything
uh-huh is there something really massive
above you right now Nikes probably so up
in the air you won't go
Edward Gavigan is a stride are you what
only could in your little head
a dragon there's just this massive
serpentine is this what I saw no
different than what you saw this is like
this is more like a the mistake of
looking at he is he is he kind of I mean
you would think he looks a little
ridiculous but he's dressed like a
pharaoh he's shirtless he's got a
headdress on he can tell he's gonna stay
in a staff he's better crossed across
him and are glowing in a horrible color
and with him are two other flying things
that are much there are more like parrot
sharks tonight you're not here nice to
eat what so just to recap what the party
is now possibly communing with with not
Gavigan true to his word it's coming to
kill you one good morning yeah wind
style Lincoln style and yeah things are
going great you've got some dynamite on
a boat a little ways out there