Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends and welcome back
to question Cthulhu thank you for
spending part of your weekend with us
this is going to be a special one shot
where we are introducing the backup
characters for this that are going to be
probably showing up sooner rather than
later this could be astir some strategic
timing here so not a lot of recap from
last episode I want to fire through a
couple of important announcements first
off our quests and chaos door cyber
monday is coming up today I think is
scratchy Saturday I don't know what
Small Business Saturday this you find a
smaller business than questing chaos
there's not one so support us with your
hard-earned dollars on Small Business
Saturday if you go to our store and use
the hashtag foxy which you know there we
go
it's you know once again come through
blue the red we could have used the
hashtag chaos there we did have to like
favor one show over all the others that
sang but use the code foxy you get 30%
off on lovely coasters or those flasks
you know all sorts of stuff it's I mean
really you could do all your Christmas
shopping there and everyone would hate
you they love you that's right
so I mean best way to attempt to
kickstart those family arguments every
guess right you did what a lot had this
last first drink or giveaway it has
exploded we cannot thank you enough for
the response it's crazy and because so
many of you have signed up we've
we're a theme here we we have unlocks so
there are gonna be two winners in this
crazy sweepstakes piece and as weak as
you keep sharing you guys are doing the
work here you're adding to the prize
pool so those the two winners are gonna
get even more crazy stuff thank you to
Nord games thank you to get for gale
force nine thank you to Vishnu all the
people that are giving us stuff it's so
it's always good to pour one out for
Vishnu all right so you did that I don't
have to know so again it's in the in the
chat it's gonna be holiday it'll pop up
our giveaway look for it on there libras
Arcana we have a number there's some
libras Arcana dice being used there's
all that has like she's a completionist
she has I love I love these ones though
they're so pretty
those are really nice so libras Arcana
dice subscription service what more do
you need
every month they'll give you dice it's
the dice of the Month Club Oh mine yes
exactly what it is um
it's what Random House is gonna turn
into soon I think that's a you know
college kids are gonna be I still owe
Random House like a hundred dollars I
think I'm yeah so dice in the chat you
get 20% off your first donor with the
code chaos I should get that for Rachel
she might like that don't tell her now
she's not listening
we've never mind this is and last but
not least YouTube we love you we see you
and we gave you a contest last time
where the challenge was to guess the
total sanity of the entire party and let
me tell you YouTube does not have a high
opinion of your phone more than one
person guessed one oh my is technically
impossible and I really think was more
just a damning indictment of the way you
walk I think
yes we had a couple people who were
close nobody went over the total which
is another bad sign
the total sanity of their party as of
last session the end of last session is
218 Wow
yeah it's not great you can be the math
on that Alexandria has 28 right now I
have all the sand great you are the most
sane member of the party which should
have never been uttered so the closest
guest to that was Gordon Goldhammer you
guessed $1.99 so we have a Cthulhu NPCs
deck that we're gonna send to you so
Gordon I'll at you in the comments but
send us your contact information - I
don't know info at quests and Kate's
contact quests in chaos dot-com if you
send it to quest in chaos org it goes to
our nonprofit wing they're doing great
work missionary outreach trying to not
teach D&amp;D and fling less advantaged
countries yeah they're replacing
eyeballs super important so Gordon
Goldhammer congratulations we said you
have to be a subscriber but then we
figured out we can't tell if you're a
subscriber or not so if you aren't
subscribed I'm shaming you now and if
you are admitted somehow you know
publicly profess it I don't know so
publicly profess your love for us there
you go I like it
alright so that anyways so as you may
notice from the little blurbs floating
the feet between each of these four
people there are three characters here
we have not met and one that we met
briefly these are backup characters
which is a very common conceit in Call
of Cthulhu because things commonly go
pear-shaped so a lot of times in longer
campaigns people will just create two
characters and then have some connection
to them and so there's a lot of like a
sister shows up like what happened to my
brother and then gets very depressed
when they learn what happened and lose
sanity and it's funny because the module
when the people who write the the
campaign's they will always say like and
this could be a fine backup character
but
always a terrible backup character it's
always somebody who like is gonna die
like they suggest that professor in in
Chile who the guy who got sucked out
over by the cars it's like he could be a
fine backup character alas it's not
gonna go well
they√µre or inspector Barrington was
another person so what are you gonna get
a better chance play a zombie because of
the vagaries of the way we do these
things and because it's all meaningless
everybody we ask for inspiration from
what can I go in all rats oh do it
no wait 1 4 4 1 4 4 so you have 4
inspirations for this session and we
start with these four characters so we
have a YouTube your next contest guess
guess the name of Amy's character
everyone's a winner it's my third backup
I'm gonna say Emma so although you went
with a non Emma no no I know but for the
mitten you weren't I wasn't in the know
in my dandy home game I'm Vanessa there
you go there you go
so speaking of which the mitten which
ran last time it's on YouTube now check
it out it is a fun gauntlet of D&amp;D it's
all the it's all the quality parts of
D&amp;D strained out and only the stuff let
the other stuff left there it's it's
it's one long fight puddin but did you
roll initiative like the very beginning
yes and did they have that initiative
all the way through yep and it was very
interesting because it was it was three
pcs three monsters 2 pcs in a monster ok
so the monsters initiative didn't change
either nope interesting all right there
you go I enjoyed it I watched it I think
that it is I mean I'm seriously honored
that you actually watch D&amp;D well I mean
I I think it's a really interesting
construct mm-hmm and I think that there
would be there would be ways to make it
like I don't know give it a purpose or
something like that
but I really enjoyed it you did it I
thought you did a great job as a gym I
really thought you left a couple of
storylines unfulfilled to be in there
how you gonna do another episode no
one's dead
everyone was knocked unconscious and
then teleported out so no one's dead we
could go back we could totally bring
these characters back at some point
it's Mitton to electric Boogaloo
no it's left mitten so you for our have
in some way worked with Jackson elias's
attorney called Carlton Ramsey Carlton
Ramsey has a little black book of people
of various levels of repute that he has
worked with and that he will that that
he wants to contract with in the future
so all of you have done some level of
thank God they turn the air conditioning
off some of you've all had some level of
connection than work with Carlton Ramsey
and and you might have other connections
to things that have been going on in the
masks world but that is your main entree
and so I'm gonna you know we start this
in order of best names so thorn castle
we've decided has a muscle Jeff has a
mustache I know I used a like no silver
mustache all the way through and just
not mention it you know it's gonna yeah
our next contest right now guess the
minute that that mustache falls off in
the in the show very it's just hanging
on right now it's also attached to your
lips so it's not even on your upper lip
Oh what do you think I carry a mustache
with me every day like multiple yeah of
course I've given it to many people how
did you get the back you know never we
use tape and did others never mind never
can write these down now it's the first
day of our streaming week and we're
already like this this is great places
it's traveled it's been international I
think well and now and today it's dirty
and forecast I can't say it but even
Lauren Castle I'm not with a name like
Flint Thor Castle you know he's not
playing by the rules we're gonna we're
doing this one by the book thorn castle
how are you also getting too old for
mo yeah always wondered next week our
time yeah and then you every time I try
to get that leaky bread so how has Flint
thorn castle not at all a fake name
Portofino my character that's up to you
he worked in porn it's not my thing
most likely it would not stand there can
be certain legalities with trespassing
when you're going on to people's ranches
and whatnot and clearing out any malls
well if the Cougar is on someone else's
property and you get paid
[Laughter]
oh no I got it when you said cougar
so so there we are yeah no no more
explanation maybe one of those nights
the going to viewers so I you work how
was Carlton Ramsey hired you in the past
muscle hired me I I would have hired him
to help out with oh yeah or maybe you
heard him and that got you in his little
book and he knows that I owe him a favor
there we go I like it there we go I like
it all right no hard it's like a beer we
go this does I can't even with you right
now I'm sorry what doctor yes
how have you so you already have
somewhat of a connection with the group
twists Alexandria I'm showing up and
wrecking your operating room well and I
knew Alexander or that or that but how
have you worked with Carlton Ramsey so
being a back-alley kind of kind of
doctor he's Carlton Ramsey has sent
people my way before to get patched up
along the along the way and me money's
good don't ask too many questions there
you go Emma the 37 yeah this might have
been only six seven somewhere in the
five to seven range Emma oh man that's
right this is a previous I've killed
this Emma before
no he's killed this Emma oh yeah I mean
I was facility or zombie it turns out
Emma's a constant there must always be
an Emma Emma Stansfield Borden lives in
London works for Mahoney at the scoop
and Carlton Ramsay has asked me to send
up a research I've worked with Elias
before God rest his soul
and so yeah that's essentially what I do
is mostly research hunt down stories
back up Jackson Eliza's insane stuff you
know with actual federal reporting so
you have heard about the unfortunate end
of
kunal yes and maybe that's why you were
in New York you know sort of looking
into that that's possible and we have I
have never in all my years of running
this game
I've never had an acrobat now we can
pull out some unearthed Arcana but is
that still a class I don't know well
maybe you have to listen to what was
she's done before Azhar there you go
there you go maybe not a thief a correct
so how have you worked with how have you
interfaced with Carlton Ramsey as he
hired you to do some some purloining or
yeah well it started out and I went to
go help clean his house and I found a
few things I've been following some
clues and like clues about this pseudo
religious cult have sent me over over
here to talk to him and I happen to pick
up some things from his house and he
realized that I picked up some things
from his house and he thought you might
be of worth of something and so we had a
long chat before the constables came and
um so I've been helping him out ever
since alright so you all receive the
same telegram from Carlton Ramsey and he
essentially tells you to meet at his at
his office on January 31st of 1925 and
you know you all make your way there he
pays for your some of you have more
travel than others he takes care of your
Carlton he well and so there is there's
a problem and I've worked with you know
the four of you before and I I trust you
and so Jackson Elias who you know was a
writer
who unfortunately has been killed by
some he was murdered by a cult the cult
of the bloody tongue and as far as I
know this cult is still active here in
the city and you none of you as far as I
know have any connection to this cult of
the bloody tongue are you gonna I'm not
entirely sure that's completely true
well that's unfortunate what you've had
a run-in with this cult I don't know if
it's this call to the bloody tongue
you're talking about but interesting
things happened in my surgery when one
Alexandria showed up at my door
bleeding yes that myth yes she is part
of the reason that I am bringing you
together so there is there is a troupe
of I'm just gonna say it in confidence
who are traipsing across the globe
spending money willy-nilly I get the
receipts so I know and they are trying
to complete the work of Jackson Elias I
have absolutely no face in these
nincompoops and so you for professionals
that I trust to do a good job and not to
talk about cilantro cheesecake or other
nonsense like that yeah so I wish to
hire you paying all of your expenses and
a very nice retainer to continue the
work of Jackson Elias
so and he'll proceed to explain to you
all about the Carlisle expedition and
tell you about the things that you
already know about where they went what
they did and that sort of thing and he
suggests that you he's gonna book you to
London and he suggests you stay in
London for as little time as possible
to to research various things and he he
makes clear that he considers this more
of you know he's brought some muscle in
just in case but this is this is a
research gig finding out what happened
to the Carlisle expedition and and
reporting back and he has yes he as his
even want he has contracts prepared for
each of you that state you know that set
out a salary including an advance that
you will be given that advance is to pay
for travel is to pay for travel expenses
and he he expects to have receipts and
he you know I I will never begrudge you
traveling in comfort because I think
it's very important but I do ask that
you that you try to be honest and and
honest stewards of Jackson elias's funds
and find out who did this and he he'll
also he'd he tells you about the other
group and he says that you may meet them
at some point and that's fine and he may
at times they may need one of your
skills or you may need one of their
skills and he will make that connection
but he suggests that you for now work in
a separate vein and focus on the
research in Cairo because he's not even
sure there that he there like they've
been in London for you know a week now
and that's just far too long what are
they doing certainly not going to see
don't engine and he like he like pulls
up this ledger booking and to hotels why
do they have five rooms at two hotels
it's patently ridiculous and it's a
waste of money
do they even go to the second hotel is
there anybody in the window or I mean do
they have the lights on it's it's
frivolous I'll say that it's frivolous
so he tells you that if you're all
amenable he has booked booked you all
very nice cabins on a steamer on a liner
heading to London and then he'll leave
you to make your own arrangements once
you're in London to get to Cairo it
should be a lovely voyage if you've not
travelled by sea it is the safest and
most restful way to travel and what they
are these tickets for I'm pretty sure
that's train it is the 31st so that's a
Sunday they'll be for Wednesday the
first is a Saturday okay so that'll be
for the Tuesday the third the third so
many of you so you have licenses for
your rifle and for the various things as
a hunter they'll keep it in the hold
yeah ship you can go down to your
luggage in the hole you have to like
sign papers and somebody goes with you
it's a whole thing
anybody else who wishes to bring a
firearm on the boat will need to conceal
it somehow and not have it be found by
customs yes all right definitely
and are these first-class tickets yes
yeah they're very nice they're not like
sweets but their rooms with balconies
you know it's it's it's a very nice room
but the rooms that we're where our
luggage won't be looked at as carefully
yes yes you can see coats full of stuff
you know like any respectable woman I
had my revolver in my underwear yeah
there you go that is very anchor well
I'm assuming it's very uncomfortable
I've never no not in the underwear I'm
wearing
depends on mr. Ramsay to the side and
and of course yeah and I want to ask him
about this this cult of the bloody
tongue is these you think these are the
people who were involved with my
parents
oh you know I don't know I think that's
that's very much worth worth researching
um that's why I'm here I you know I
think that if the work of Jackson Elias
shows us anything it's that there are a
number of cults out there and they seem
to have some loose communication
framework if this if Jackson if what
Jackson believed was true then there's
some group of them in maybe in London
and some group of them in Cairo he
seemed to believe okay the other
thing is talking about research you know
it's kind of stuff I don't know that
books mark and everything like that so
me as they said for the most part this
is a research mission but there are
times when I understand in our line of
culture your contracts clearly state
that should you break the law our
agreement is null and void and so off
the record now that you have signed
these I would suggest you not get caught
difficult clot know if you engage in
criminal activity the contracts are null
and void okay
he pretty but they didn't after a yeah
that should be fine yeah so a couple
days to an order so I will give
everybody a stealth role who wants to
hide a weapon yeah a stealth well with
advantage because you have a couple days
sir Oh shine are you trying to bring a
rifle or a shot yeah these are well yeah
but you're fine are you trying to
bring a pistol - no I'm okay
people's if you you know you could put a
pistol in with your hunting stuff but
it's probably unlikely you could have
that your bear trap you could have a
knife or something but it's all gonna be
in that luggage so you three have did
anybody get a hard success yeah that
rifle is on your person got a regular
success it's in your luggage but mine's
a handgun you might and it might the
handgun as well then you're gonna knives
are you fine you're are Alexandra you
know you're like a Derringer that's not
even considered a gun right it still is
that's it so so you board the the the
Luxor is the name of this ship it is a
it is a mid-level liner it's you know
it's you know it's been around a few
years but it's still lovely there are it
has a about Oh - what was it it has
about 1,500 passengers and about a
thousand crew back in the day they had
almost as many crew as passengers and
you will set off from New York on
Tuesday the 3rd of February and you will
probably be at sea until depending on
whether about the 10th through 12th the
10th through the 13th so after
everything is resolved with the original
group disappeared hmm I'm sure they'll
all be fine and these characters we just
throw them away so let's back let's not
play like we're gonna
rental characters alexandria is at 28
santa thing yes so that's the other
thing she takes a train ride that'll all
be so everyone just stay as long as it
doesn't explode the hats in them so it
is true that oftentimes you know
characters will take a rest and then
you'll bring in your back and get back
up character while the other character
spends a little time writing some fresh
air and regaining their sanity screamy
whenever they see a shadow that's right
yes so yeah the first night you are
you're going to your seating for dinner
you are at a lovely table the four of
you and then there are there are three
Flint castle and Maclaurin Castle and
mcCormick
Steven McCormack is a world traveler by
the way these photos are I think I
mentioned them once before
prisoners that they took photos of in
like nineteen Oh something cool I love
all of these pictures so there is Steven
McCormack who is just a generic rich guy
who likes to travel the world he's at
your table right there is Felix Corning
who is an anthropologist looks boring
just and then there is there's an empty
seat when dinner starts and so there is
you know there's some polite
conversation and there there's
introductions and they go around and
about after the soup is served there is
a little bit of a commotion at the front
and you see the maitre d is is is trying
to sort of block someone saying that
like you know I'm sorry Monsieur but you
missed your seating you must have got to
the next one and there's a gentleman who
is just sort of bull rushing his way and
he like he finally just sort of
elbows the maitreya the way and sits
down at the empty seat and smiles widely
at all of you and introduces himself as
dr. Eustace Entwistle that's not his
original name hmm whoa goodbye dr.
Entwistle because he's been drinking and
I love the name Eustace it's not used
often enough doctor Entwistle will sort
of he'll get caught up and he'll
hollingers he is he is the soul of
Kentucky gentility he has a drawl a mile
long and he you know he is a pull your
chair out when I want you know stand up
when a ladies leaving the table all that
sort of you know that sort of thing and
he will he will tell you over the course
of several bottles of wine that he is
he's a doctor and a researcher for the
US government and the anthropologist is
totally bored by that but McCormack is
very interested and he wants to know
what he does for the government and that
leads in twistle to going on a a long
soliloquy about modern technology and
what it means for diseases and what it
means for the treatment of diseases and
all of that and he like he talks about
smallpox he talks about you know and
like the epidemics that are you know
malaria that sort of thing and and he's
he's yeah he's he's clearly like this is
his his wheelhouse yeah he loves talking
about this I am fascinated do you do
you and so when your you I mean other
than Lorne Castle none of you were using
fake names right I know it's a family
name it's now my needle
that's important fair enough Flint was
my great-grandmother's name not her last
name tough old broad no I'm definitely
you know dr. Doyle son yeah
and he's you know he well tell me that
doctor what what sort of Medicine do you
partake in little bit of a general
practice hmm I see I see and do you do
you have occasion in your practice to
fight to encounter much in the way of
communicable diseases Oh frequently I
see and and what is your most common
tree in like so you guys were talking
shot this and he is he's really
fascinated by sort of the street-level
treatment of diseases none and and make
a psychology way in a couple psychology
no okay
and he seems to be asking and actually
all of you can make psychology roles
sort of I actually have played like this
well I can roll the dice yeah that does
not yes
so you and actually this fits in you
have no idea what they're talking about
but you know when someone is asking like
he's asking very strategic questions
that are clearly revealing that that the
doctor there is like not at a hospital
you know not like try he's trying to
learn more about sort of where he comes
from sure thing yeah well let's stop
talking down to me aliens no no no dust
me so yeah he is sooo person and also he
is alarmingly sincere about like his
enthusiasm about his work so could I ask
him more about where he he works well
washer washer there is a government
facility in Paducah Kentucky that I
serve
we are well we get a lot of funding from
the United States military they have a
they have a great interest in the
treatment and understanding of these
diseases and you working in a lab or in
a hospital is it because it research I
work in the lab unfortunately and that's
why I'm so interested in your work
doctor because it's so rare that I get
to treat a patient any mole and I'm
always very different be face to face
with with with a person well you know we
always say that the you know the human
body introduces a number of fascinating
variables to what is a very textbook
disease case and it can lead to some
fascinating mutations and advancements
in our understanding of these diseases
yes it's it's definitely been something
that I that I have observed where you
know three people have the same disease
but everyone responds differently to the
treatments it's fascinating it really
really is I'm so glad you think you're
of a lack mind doctoral I do look
forward to us talking further Oh
certainly doctor why why are you
travelling to London well there is a
conference that is happening in London
that I am going to be attending on
behalf of the US military and it is a so
actually out of character how many of
you had any sort of involvement with the
Great War do you see how you served did
anybody else serve in the Great War no I
just wanted on it you know the the the
pistol that dr. Doyle sim carries is
actually his issued pistol that he kept
afterwards so that stuff so he'll go
into some kind of boring minutiae about
the Treaty of Versailles and various
sort of medical agreements that came out
of the Treaty of Versailles so look
around see if there's any more young
people here
and is your presentation also include a
lot of demonstration or is it just about
something oh you are as humorous as you
are lovely miss thank you no no there is
no we do not we do not engage most often
in live demonstrations if only if if not
for the most and he says this with like
a twinkle in his eye because most of the
diseases have a very long gestation
period and make for very boring
demonstrations true so you you know you
keep eating in the anthropologist
darling doctor someone underneath there
dr. Corning will you know he'll sort of
as the as Entwistle kind of ebbs out of
the conversation Corning will will come
in and he'll talk about how his he does
a lot of work in in Africa and he is
very interested in various tribal work
in Africa and he he will go off at great
length from are any of you English yeah
yeah so he will he will kind of tone
deftly talk about how he's very anti
colonial and he will talk you know he'll
he'll he'll go off on a tangent about
how awful about how awful it is that
Winston Winston Chamberlain basically
created modern Africa by drawing lines
on a map that had nothing to do with the
tribal relationships and everything that
exists there and he's just like you know
he'll he'll like no burrows whereas in
with so it was sort of cheery about
things Corning is just like everything's
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cynical Sebastian do our characters
know how much do our characters know
about Egypt Africa no I'm not talking
about like actually Egypt and Africa but
how much did what's-his-name the lawyer
Franzen he told you about do we know the
name of the tribe in Africa
cuz I can't remember cuz I left my book
in the other room so did I I can't
remember either that's annoying
I'm sure yeah he'll tell you about the
the Kenyan that Indian tribe that that
was the land that they were around that
was where the massacre happened yeah and
have you visited have you been to that
location before well no I've never been
to Kenya per se I I have spent some time
in some of the more a mainly northern
Africa and also the East
these are inside the eastern side is
where many of the more egregious tribal
conflicts have been ever risen due to
that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Winston Chamberlain who
caused all of these problems and he just
like well once again like just goes
office through kids look it up Winston
Chamberlain created most of modern
Africa and caused all of those problems
with what season to tell all of it he's
terrible to him okay this is outside of
dr. Wilson's Ken but he's just like
fascinated by this the world traveler in
true dilettante fashion yeah okay he's
just like oh he's drinking a lot and you
know every time every time the guy like
slams England like he'll like to the
Queen it's very drunk important yes
Somerset and sort of gets under
Corning's skin it's people like you that
are causing this hope if you can at all
about what was going on in the world
yeah now watching people fight where
have you traveled to the most exotic
place mr. mckormick oh I love I love
Asia Asia the cot of a subcontinent
India beautiful Thailand are the food in
Thailand it's enchanting
mmm so what takes you to London on this
on this voyage Oh time to kiss the ring
coos oh my wife's as my wife is a a
wonderful woman on paper hmm and every
year or so I feel obligated to spend a
week not experiencing her on paper so I
uh
cheers to him here's four here's to
so dinner goes on it is it is a
sumptuous five course meal uh-huh I just
love a too much yeah and the drinks
don't stop flowing no you might not have
any and and afterwards there is you know
retiring to the bar or to the to the
smoking lounge Entwistle would love to
keep talking with you oh yes are we
going to retire to the smoking room
heater yeah I'll follow yeah yeah
unfortunately the smoking room is this
from amendment only yeah if you if you
do need anything let me know
and yeah so you'll you'll spend a very
late night playing billiards mm-hmm on a
cruise ship which is you have to come up
and having you know having a nice long
conversation with Entwistle and he being
a creature of possibly no guile
whatsoever actually we're looking you
know I really do feel like a wonderful
relationship is brewing here gentlemen
and I so appreciate being able to
discuss matters with someone who
understands my line of work but also
someone who is such a good listener and
sir and has may I say such a majestic
mustache
born with it so yeah you actually do
understand a bit of what he's talking
about sure sure
and I mean so medicine or chemistry or
biology
yeah biology would be right there yeah
so I have medicine and I don't
understand everything but it's
interesting yeah no this is and and you
can with with biology you know you can
you can contribute enough to be like oh
you mean like this every once in a while
and and and be in the you know be in the
bein with the home kids cool and answer
and certainly for my part it is it is
fascinating to talk to someone who is on
the more theoretical side of things
because when your elbow deep and
everything that's going on sometimes you
lose track of the bigger picture hmm so
ladies what are you two doing it's it's
about 10 was there a woman sitting
room or oh yeah there's a bar is really
what the bar is fully bar then okay
always the bar I was thinking of
actually trying to disguise myself as a
man and see if I could get into the room
with him sure makes me at this guy's
role you're like I'm gonna go back to my
room so how about would you roll 98 98
you think you have done a great job
you are yeah you like grease pencil on a
mustache the only thing you need is
confidence it's too bad this came too
late because the mustache not the
players the Mustang yeah it's 500 bits
from squirrel on the run oh man that
will spend it wisely used to be the
Canadian now you're just a bus step so
yeah you think that you are like you
you've like you've drawn a mustache on
yourself with grease pencil and you've
like put on a hat that's the only change
you've made but you like look in the
mirror you're like oh
[Laughter]
and so yeah you walk into the to the
sitting to the smoking lounge and nobody
kind of says anything you guys will see
Joe walk in and like Joe not even not
even trying to except for it drawn on
mustache which is particularly offensive
to least I'm not we're too scared or
anything you know not everyone can pull
off the mustache wait to switch between
characters right now tell me no he's
plate when he shaves yeah it's awesome
how quickly can you grow a mustache oh
geez couple days really there we go damn
still what is it isn't it must be
November or whatever move in move out
Maria November delight stays last me
today's last day of all of the November
things ends tonight and I'm very happy
about this that's right you can you can
now write at a leisurely pace yes as
opposed to 10,000 words in a day where
I'm just like to sit for 12 hours so if
something happens with the mustache I
can still use it right the mustache is
inspiration you a question I don't know
if it's gonna stay back something that's
not moving yeah wait that's not real you
have been walking around in pain macare
is it going I'm eight hey Mike how's it
going hello hello fellow gentleman
gentlemen ah here I'm here gentlemen
it is it is yeah I'll pass for a cigar
all right sure but after about 20
minutes a steward looking super awkward
will very apologetically and bow to me
madam he says with a question mark
daddy hi I'm looking around for somebody
else I'm afraid that the the smoking
lounge is for gentlemen only ah yeah so
hey it's good just carefully not near
her do we have drinks oh yes okay
yeah just watch well this is him she's
uncomfortable but make yourself
comfortable with everybody else go ahead
is it her shot bill your check my name I
fear is that him please put the put the
cue down and Madame Z the smoking lounge
is for gentlemen only mrs. Mann we need
a fast talker is my English not clear I
think English is fairly clear yeah it's
alright with them it's everything's
great don't worry about ID no problem
all right I just got roped in the doctor
Entwistle will be like well now you know
there are a number of cases in which
someone might exhibit female mannerisms
or female appearance while still being
biologically speaking and a man and the
the Stuart is like very uncomfortable by
the whole conversation finally the
Stuart just licks his thumb and like
wipes off part of your moustache make a
dog
blow it
III did 52 is you your dodge is 50 to 75
Wow wait you can't spin points on half
of your decks my ditch is 90 so 44.5
okay I don't know why it's there
those things it is a little yeah Prasad
okay all right I will make sure yeah and
so you'll get you can have 30 points
somewhere else
because you put 30 points in there to
get 45 - yeah yeah so see ya he'll just
lick his thumb and he wipes off like he
just gets a smudge in before you lean
away and he says please madam
[Laughter]
do you do what you have to do that that
is a lovely bar on z/os a video deck m9
tryna girl I need to show you - I'll go
over what you show me show me out again
fine so okay you're heading down make a
spot hidden roll Oh No okay these guys
are going me a sanity roll oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay
feel better not be Verizon you made this
annual it's sanity's over/under you want
to be under there yes oh yeah I'm a way
under way I see so guys good so you this
this this steward leads you out and
you're out on the deck of the ship and
he is walking you to a stairway down and
you would swear that the back of his out
of the back of his jacket a tiny little
green face just went new and then went
down
Oh Kanaya as he's as he's walking with
me actually I want it back oh boy sanity
by the way oh okay yeah can I slap them
on the basher sweet ocean town the state
make me a unarmed roll with advantage
that's the top one I think roll yes roll
there we go be a brawl with advantage
with advantage nice oh jeez zero fun
alright so you go you go hey buddy and
you hearing like a squishing noise and
there is a very conspicuous wet spot now
on the back of his of his suit and he
looked to what what has happened what
was the matter oh boy
please excuse me madam single click on
this burg and he will he will head
he's gonna like head off but he's like
trying to like reach in there and he
heads into a crew only he heads into a
cruel in the area uh-huh so that was
make another spot he dreamy please
please but did I tell you you lost one
sanity yes okay Mary just beers
everything's fine is it I mean you can't
spend my yeah yeah miss it by for all
right so you spend four points a look
take that back so push the roll so
pushing the roll you give me a reason
why you take a second chance of this and
then it's double or nothing okay okay
double or nothing what do you mean
double I mean if you make it you make it
if you miss it something terrible how if
you miss a you you would have what
happen to Alexandria when she lost I
mean the way thing is I saw squished it
so I there I've got to find out if
there's something here right so you're
spending the four points of look yep yep
or wait are you pushing or are you
spending the look I'm gonna spend
them well
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think okay I think oh you're
gonna be covered in Grimm house I'm
gonna push it all right so roll again
wrong roll again and you can't inspire a
bumble please fumble hush all right so
you you fail so you do not you do not
see the weird patch of whatever it is
that you slip on ah and you make a dex
roll so that's is your thing yeah Dex is
my egg you'd hope the Acrobat what's not
to know yeah okay so you almost done on
your feet hard and there is like there's
like a little kind of greasy skid on the
ground about where that guy was it would
have been standing that as you'd sort of
turned to step and you like get a little
you get a little slip but then you're
fine line and all right so that's that
so back to the smoking-room unless you
guys are gonna do anything about 1:00 in
the morning doctor Entwistle will head
off to bed yeah I mean how many days is
this trip so week seven
yeah yeah we'll stay up late all right
yep so you guys can stay up late you're
in the bar doing the Emma thing yeah
Corning or sorry McCormick will come up
to you yeah the world traveler and and
starts like pretty blatantly hitting on
you of course that's usually what
happens at this time of the evening and
he you know and and his his hitting on
you is particularly an artful because
most of it involves telling you how much
better than his wife you are oh and I
just bright back in his family so why
don't you divorce him and then I also
ask him how many times he said that to
other women and how many times he's
promised other women that he hasn't
divorced his wife yet that he was gonna
divorce his wife and he's probably
mind-boggled by this yeah I mean I'm
down track of those McCormick is he
quickly realizes you're not much fun
yeah and if you will
I'm like of course I am and I just pour
him another and that throws him off yeah
that's a and so yeah he'll you know he's
sort of he's sort of like ooh there's a
there's a there's a weird grudging
respect of you know one one flimflammer
to another yeah you know he sort of he
takes your measure and he serves and and
like he stops trying to hit on you and
you you can actually start having a
conversation so then I just ask him like
what was his family like you know what I
mean how did he dreadful
really where did you work where did you
grow up no I met my wife oh no I mean
like just before you got married that
was I grew up in Oxford the University
my parents were professors there okay
daddy was daddy was a very wealthy
businessman and he wanted me to follow
in the in the the family company coal
mining I was not going to be a coal mine
operator or owner dreadful business I
like white too much mm-hmm
and so I I took I took some money from
my father and made some very wise
investments and I'm now a man of the
world
so and then I asked him does he have a
flat in London as well as okay where's
your family estate our family estate is
is near Oxford it is a very nice very
nice place and I have a flat in London
also flat in Manchester because let me
tell you Manchester the hidden gem of
the British Isles okay I've never had a
reason to go oh it's it's particularly
lovely for you know I may have some of
my family's Pro crew of proclivity
towards industrialism and Manchester is
the heart of the UK of our of our
industry yes it is beautiful to see okay
really the British Empire okay and then
just small talk with a mask yet played
football in college and football emeriti
how do you know what America is footy
rugby
lacrosse maybe so so that's gonna
probably end our first night second day
is everybody can over the course of the
voyage everybody can you can get a skill
check in one skill you could you know
any skill you want to offer me just tell
me how you're getting it you can you
know they shoot skeet off the back of
the boat they the you could maybe do
that like and if you wanted to do like a
trick shooting thing or something or
like show them some hunting stuff they
but if so yeah you can you can you
can get one skill by or just more than
immediate skill check sure you could
like working with you know they're
talking with the doctor and meeting at
the library so no that's not a skill you
get to check it right away so go ahead
and roll a skill check in biology so you
want to fail this role I think I can do
that yeah so you gain a d-10 in biology
hmm I know what I want to do all right
sometime within the course day / evening
or even less well this is over there so
this will happen over the course of it
okay so over the course of the trip at
the bar
I teach Stephen how to play three-card
Monte so I wouldn't how slight a hand I
like it go ahead yeah nice why does she
win every time
oh thank god sixty-eight all right I got
a d-10 to slide ahead hmm what are you
guys thinking ooh
nine change and you win every time and
you could certainly if you wanted to do
a language you certainly could I think
I'm actually gonna join him in the
biology okay because I I have reason
talked to doctor and twisted her meaning
I succeeded not fair that's why you
that's why you got it cuz like you were
like studying you you couldn't get it
and you went to the doctor and like I'm
having a little trouble of this and the
doctor explained it perfect
sleight of hand
alright alright I could either I could
do a magic trick or yeah Oh magic tricks
so you're gonna great magic tricks
though yeah it's old you're gonna gain a
point of credit rating I'm gonna give
you a point of credit rating allows
you'd like do you your magic tricks blow
away so you're doing a magic trick in
a Titanic of a woman grabs this poor man
by the ear then drags him over she just
goes back she likes to she likes it and
you like flawlessly do it again and
she's like that was my card and and she
gives you like a not insignificant
amount of money so you've gained a point
of credit rating that's the skill of
anything oh yes yes there it is should
have practice your disguise alright so
yeah it is it is now that as most of the
second day good lord don't encourage me
dirty secret rachel loves the duchess we
all knew that Rachel gives the Duchess
500 bit I'm gonna give it you got the
man oh my god you gotta balance on those
almost you gotta sort of a market yeah I
know you're gonna it's tough so so yeah
you it is it is now dinner the second
day as always you're seated at the same
table same folks every
can make a psychology role I almost know
oh yes
critical success what's the hold on I
wasn't ready for this
if the values at 10 what is the next
numbers it is - oh so I got a cool
success successes we'll do it and maybe
it's checkers yeah you two spent some
time with dr. Entwistle dr. and whistle
is clearly worried about he's
preoccupied he's not he's not talking as
much he's you know he looks he's looking
around some and he's he's definitely
preoccupied is something bothering you
I'm sorry how are you doing oh I'm a
wolf thank you so much for asking that
is very kind I am I am just fine
it is bracing to be at sea is it not so
much that he's lying is that you know he
just sort of has this black well yeah
he's been flying he's like he's not he's
changing the subject
yeah I'm sure and I'm trying to yeah
yeah and and pour him some alcohol so
that some of the good brandy sure you
you you pour him a drink and he says
well you know I think I need this thank
you hmm and he will he will he will
nurse it kind of and he but yeah he's
he's not he's not much of a participant
in the night's discussions and he is
yeah there's something going on
everybody make me a spot hidden role let
me know if you get a critical Shh
snake eats double knuckles not a
did you get a regular regulars okay so
you stood at the check but with a hard
success yes so you are you know you're
eating and you almond you
like you you you control your double
take when going by on a tray out looking
out of a little bit of a terrine that
same face pops out yeah make me another
sanity roll oh oh especially when you're
the only one seeing them and no one else
you got a heart success right yes not
all right so so you're gonna with a
heart success you're gonna know tomato
there's something like a gelatinous
about these things they're not like
solid but they have like a humanoid
appearance
we need her and it's tiny it's like you
know it's like it's GI Joe action figure
son I do not want to try shooting
something that small boy are they green
yes green kind of gelatinous gelatinous
green small yeah with little mr. Fetzer
but do they look can you say they look
humanoid - this is sort of humanoid yeah
okay so they're not gremlins so actually
you've only ever seen head you've seen
heads and arms basically of these things
and the head looks you know a little
elfin maybe it's got some slight
features however you know what a gremlin
looks like they could be gremlins baby
everyone knows that knows the stories
about Bobby L folk yeah hello it's a
good word elephants and so since you got
a hundred as you are watching and the
rate you made the same rule right yes
okay so you won't you won't react to
this as you are watching one of the
thing that you are watching like the
waiter like stumbles a little and it
goes and it like flips out and goes
right down her dress take the back of
her dress oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh down your
back that's waiter there so when you say
that waiter there the waiter like turns
right with excuse my eye I saw it it
smushed out and put down your back like
so as soon as you may have seen the
maitre d is on the site
is there a problem is there you say this
gentleman dropped food well I just felt
something touch my back I don't know you
did not you know yeah I did not know any
you could totally say that you did yes
sure yeah why would you though why
wouldn't you yeah okay you did not feel
anything if you want to react
don't roll a hundred yeah all right I'm
gonna run over and I'm gonna and I'm
gonna low you stand up from the table
yeah I'm gonna remember not done no no
no I haven't this I have to check this I
saw you please and I'm gonna go over
there I look down I do have a great deal
of money how much range all right so let
me do sleight of hand to see if I can
maybe feel a little on her so she thinks
there's something on let me slap you
know this is gonna be a Napoleon ishutin
ado sleight of hand you're gonna do I
don't know what dodj
yeah it's gonna die and don't worry it's
a great either way it's not I mean
nope I know dodge any sort of weirdness
so but all right so the maitre d 'd
interest interposes himself like as he's
been like saying madam please madam
and and he interposed himself and the
drink that you had you didn't fumble or
anything right now okay so you know you
don't pour it in the maitre d's face but
he like tips the glass away before you
can he like sees that you're gonna pour
it on a customer and he's like no why
would you do such a thing and and and
you like Trin you dodged out of the way
yeah and I don't make me a power roll Oh
I'm even worse at this oh wow poor Emma
yeah 83 all right not in clubs yeah
and and so this seems like the scene
have been going oh I should roll through
I wrote for the little guy I would like
to get up it's at some point just like
you know put a hand on her she's taken
from the dining no the maitre d is they
method this is not bless for such
behavior please come with me this is the
no one is fooled by this disguise okay
to have to back up characters the next
the third one is gonna be Inspector
Clouseau she's nothing mad dog I'm just
like okay so you'll get a stern
talking-to it out wriggle on you it's
like that's right this maitre d suggests
an etiquette class that they have for in
the dining halls during the afternoon
and he gives you a quiz on which fork
you use for which course you could learn
charm actually what is that just
charm yeah I think that I think charm
would be charm it's like you're trying
to get something from someone by being
nice by trying to be like sweetness in
fast wait why would I style persuade
McCormick was trying to charm you got it
and it did not go well huh all right so
dinner continues and then with the
little scene and McCory about a couple
minutes after that happens doctor
Entwistle will excuse himself hmm
I do beg your partner I fear my my
appetite has been affected by the ocean
voyage if you will excuse me well I look
forward to seeing you again well of
course if I'm if I'm clear up toward I
will see you both in the smoking lounge
later this evening I'm gonna give him a
second and then follow him out during
today's gonna be very at this point it
will be very conspicuous maybe not to
him but to
everyone else because right now every
after that see everyone everyone in this
dining hall is looking at are you here
in the distance what's Bertram
my never I'm so glad they were not in my
table she causes a commotion all on her
own
no I'm gonna I'm actually most of her
table yeah I will look for him after
dinner then and instead of going to the
smoking lounge right so you have just
gotten done with your wild bereavement
from the maitre d really we're like it's
slinking off and he he tells you that
they will they will have a sandwich sent
to your room and at some point you're
not they're not confining you to your
room or anything but they're you you
will not get back in the dining hall
well and so you kind of are you just
gonna like wander the deck sir yes all
right I saw my soul step and I know I
need to figure this out okay
you will 10 minutes maybe 10 15 minutes
you see Entwistle and he is clearly
looking for something and make me a luck
role in the box rent what's the big
number though 30 oh then you make these
months bounce out all right so so you
made your luck roll yeah okay so he
doesn't see you he he is like looking
around and maybe he's saying something
under his voice under under his breath
said aha China here kitty snake Levesque
I want to see disguise all right we're
easy girl he's in our table make me a
stealth roll okay don't just know okay
so he you you get close enough and you
hear him saying you came quick come
here come here and then he's like
straightens up when he sees you and he
says oh madam that was Sir that was
most unfortunate well are you okay at
dinner you seemed up
about something yeah Robin been saying
something and I swear that guy did
something to her Oh what have you been
seeing why so you sound like you were
trying to catch something in this ship's
cat so so you were so upset in dinner
because you saw me trying to catch
something no no no I was upset because I
saw something else I just wondered what
you were doing
oh I am I am as I said did oh you
might have already been gone I'm
terribly sorry but the the ocean the
ocean motion has affected my appetite
and I am I am enjoying a constitutional
to try and get some fresh air but are
you all right ma'am you seem seem a
little perturbative now I'm not sure
that means but yeah there's something
going on here you're sitting on this
ship what what do you mean there's
something on this ship do I feel like I
can trust this guy at all don't I
personal yes I mean it is a word what of
course Wow there's Ezra nice feeling
anxiety or concerned unsettled word used
perfectly appropriately well done sir
I'm unsettled look at you sir the cap so
should I like make a psyche world or
something see if I can concern I want
make me a psyche roll I want I want to I
want you you want to trust him all right
well but Nino did you miss the roll
oh yeah that doesn't influence whether
or not sure I know I know I know I'm
just saying no and I think the wrong you
have no read on you you you have no
reason to you have no reason to trust
and he also has no reason to not trust
him and who knows maybe he's seen these
crazy things that you've seen that's
what I'm thinking hmm right
so maybe maybe it's just the alcohol
talking but I saw this little green guy
and he was looking out of the food dish
and then he fell on my friend and I
wanted to see if I could find him you
saw a little green man in a food dish
yeah it must mean we must message one of
your friends did it fall on Emma oh I
must I must be I mean I must be any
alcohol must be Nick must burn it well
that's very good I hope that perhaps you
should not partake as much and I hope
that you I hope you find it I don't know
are you looking for it whatever they
this little green man I don't know III
smart it was real psychology Oh mine's
like ten okay I swear it was real cuz
I'm just too much there's just too much
that I have to you know there are a
number of diseases in which
hallucination is an Associated
comorbidity oh you don't know what that
means but yeah maybe maybe August maybe
I'm sick on the boat too well I don't
know that Munez disease really has much
to do with hallucination
it is possible but I might suggest
you check in with the boats doctor ah no
no just sorry sorry sorry
no need adducted I'll be fine you'll be
fine us I fervently hope so yes well I
will say good day to you madam
good night alright so yeah dinner is
done you're gonna you wander around are
you gonna keep wandering the deck so you
will run into you can find Joe wandering
the decks okay kind of peering around
maybe
bullying to herself a gentle boy
what happened in there yeah cotton said
I could trust you
alright I saw this little green thing no
in the dish coming by and it jumped on
Emma I swear a little green thing what's
about what sort of little green thing he
and I thought maybe I drank too much
no but no ice with I really saw it I
trust I believe you but that's why I was
trying to get to Emma because it
what dropped down turned red my lord Oh
dropped on her so I just I think it was
gone
so alright well if you want I can help
you keep an eye out for a person made
out of little green Christmas jelly I
also talked to aunt whistle bye mmm cuz
he looked like he was looking for
something - he was not looking well at
dinner I actually I've actually been
looking for him and you see well yeah
yeah back there he was back there he was
by it but I swear he's mumbling yeah
come here come here so I thought maybe
he's looking for something - and I told
him do you think he saw the same thing
you did I don't know he's I don't know
but I want to let you know I told him
all right thank you and did you see
which direction he went and I'm actually
looking for him oh yeah that's alright
well if you need anything if I can't
find time ago I'll be okay going back to
I'm going bed take care of yourself yeah
Lily
alright alright you're going to the
smoking lounge oh yes yeah wait for
an hour or so and what are you doing it
I'll just have a drink at the bar
okay sure make me a power roll - I
actually made it for us you become aware
of it's almost like you know lower back
sweat but it's wetter than that oh
there's something in your lower back
it's all moist
that's gross it is not a great feeling
okay so I just I finished my drink and
I'm like I gotta go excuse me okay
everyone all right can I try get out of
there without like yeah all right yeah
nothing nothing slides down or
disgusting yeah there's just like you
don't know why did somebody spill a
drink down yeah backers but you think
you would have noticed that yeah but you
do make a connection with the other
thing and no see yours time piss that
somebody like spilled a drink right like
sure make a luck roll oh I got plenty
of this oops
in or out of the box either way 1490 all
right so you get back to your room yep
no problem I take my dress off because I
can't see back yeah it's just the
discussion about your what is your butt
look like you know it's the same thing I
can't feel back in my back you you pull
your dress off and there is indeed like
a stain okay a liquid stain on the back
inside of your dress okay so I go to the
sink and try wash it after yeah yeah you
know I rinse it out mm-hmm
everything goes well so what time is it
because Emma also wants to know is there
more time to go back and change a drink
oh yeah okay then absolutely Oh hot one
all right so yeah you you wash this
stain out it's a little you kind of
wanna you want to give this you feel
like you want to give this to the
cleaners okay yeah which is on me
um 62 which actually for me makes it 66
is my spot oh so you are in the bathroom
and you are like you know rubbing you're
like washing this off at the wash basin
and you would swear you would swear that
that closet door head was closed like
one of your your Bureau the door is
slightly ajar well I I open it because I
have to get another dresser yeah
and did you get you got a regular
success yeah just realistic so you oh
you you know you open it the rest of the
way and you don't see anything okay it's
fine there and you pull out another
dress and you can go yep go back to the
bar no get one person slowly goes insane
over there you are looking for Entwistle
guess okay do you get a hard successful
no is there okay it was a regular
success oh sure I've been hard you come
upon him he is on one of the decks and
he is just sort of leaning out watching
the water he's leaning on the on the on
the the railing watching the water all
right I'm gonna lie clean next to him
and look out as well all right Oh doctor
hello hello
evening doctor I fear that I have given
your your you and your friends some
reason to be concerned about me because
you are you are the second one of your
group who has come looking for me I'm
touched
but also a tad concerned have I given
you reason to you just you seem unhappy
about something or disconcerted perhaps
oh so I'm a bit concerned I mean as we
are all defined with this presentation
that I must give at this conference it
is well I will be frank with you madam
sir sorry I'll be frank with you sir it
is it's a tough subject the United
States military is considering
weaponizing diseases and really if
conference is going to deal with the
weaponization the legalities of the
weaponization of diseases and I will be
given a presentation on the potential
the potential the potential ways to
optimize various diseases to be used as
weapons in a theater of combat as you
may expect the United States military is
keenly interested in this I'm sure but
how how would the military then keep
that from Splash Damage so to speak but
if it affecting our own troops and min
disease is very hard to control well I'm
not gonna unfortunately I cannot divulge
any classified information about the
means of delivery of course all right
yeah thankful for military but I I would
suggest to you that these are these are
issues that are being considered a
preeminent importance and in fact are a
major aspect of my presentation and so
if you may excuse me saying in a very
real sense I feel the weight of the
world upon my shoulders right now I'm
sure you do
it's it's a hell of a thing to be
potentially the creator of the most
deadly weapon man has ever known a hell
of a thing cuz I just in my head it's
like the little green guy looks like the
no I this adorable no I
I mean combat is hard enough as it is
and facing a decision like that I can't
even imagine does one create this weapon
and the fervent hope that it is never
used the wind is going crazy tonight our
upstairs neighbors are having a party
and I mean you know I know that this has
been other people have experienced this
feeling I know you know mr. noble among
dr. noble among others have certainly
experienced this I am
unique in this but the potential
destructive capabilities of you know a
weaponized smallpox hmm are terrifying
yes and mind-boggling that's I do not
envy you that dilemma my friend well and
so if you if you see me seaman a little
down in the dhaba that would explain it
well I certainly can not make a decision
for you but if you need someone to talk
to that is greatly appreciated doctor
that is greatly appreciated you have
been a gentleman and a scholar and I
appreciate it now why don't you go back
and join your friends and and enjoy this
voyage you should not you know you
shouldn't hang your head just because I
am yeah well these are issues that would
affect everyone at the end of the day
hopefully not hopefully but if there god
help us me go Oh God will and it never
happens but if there's another war like
the Great War these are questions that
will come up and if if this weapon could
in that war faster how many lives would
it save what is that cost worth mm-hmm I
I don't know how to do that math I'm a
man of science but not that kind of
science that's a sort of math that no
one wants to have to do hmm that is true
well if you want to join me for a drink
later in the smoking lounge I'll be
there for a while I might have to do
that thank you
of course and he'll just stay kind of
staring out at the water no students
stay for a second I'm watching the Stars
and then make my way to the smoking
lounge room yeah okay so the evening
will pass pretty without any sort of
make me a listen roll mm when you go
aren't you glad that we have the box
rule now yes no I don't make it but
still not bad okay yeah see yeah you go
back and it's it's pretty it's pretty
quiet you're going to the bar you know
McCormick notices that you're in a new
dress yeah you know that you all you
changed mm-hmm yeah there was I think
Joe spilled something on me well yeah
that's your color
thank you and he like he very he's
sniffling a little okay I'm - I'm not
gonna ask cuz God knows what he's and so
yeah there's a dribble I'll pull his
handkerchief out and like dab it a
little bit but on the mat he appreciates
that and he'll like take the hint but he
yeah you guys spent the evening drinking
and commiserating yeah in front of other
people yeah yeah he's always there for
that are you doing anything tonight here
I just did hey so after an hour nobody's
come to the smoking lip oh I was heading
to the smoking lounge after talking to
my self all right yeah so you'll get
there yeah so you two are in the smoking
lounge okay yeah I'm most I'm just
taking it easy
mm-hmm yeah I'm not I'm not doing
anything in particular all right that's
night to the next date Dawn's
make me a listen role mm-hmm you got
something in your room
listen Durrell oh it's on your mind
ooh 34 which is actually a hard success
Dom hey I got some years yeah check yes
there is a very clear rustling sound
coming from your bureau okay was it in
the middle of the night yeah you're
woken up about 3:00 in the morning okay
I am completely incensed because I like
to sleep and this isn't working for me
so I turn on the lights
mm-hmm and just basically I'm like
hell-bent for leather to like tear this
place apart and figure out what it is
all right so you're heading right for
the bureau yeah
not the mood for this nonsense
somebody's gonna get punched all right
you like open the bureau drawer and it
almost looks like when like your pet
gets kind of into your closet and pulls
your clothes down okay like several of
your dresses have been like pulled down
so they're not on the hangers there on
the and there's like a pile of your
clothes on the floor okay and this is
clearly you with a hard success this is
where you heard the sound come from okay
and are there any holes or anything in
my cabin do you speak Latin no I speak
nothing I submit English right like
I'm looking for like a critter or
something yeah okay you will you're
you're gonna find it but make me a spot
hidden role let's see if it finds you
first pity I'm 10
I see everything that's actually an
extreme success all right yeah you see
everything so you are keenly aware that
there's a green dress in the corner that
you see clearly move so there's
something under that dress okay it's it
looks quite small those are some big
cockroaches call the steward yeah
actually that's not a bad idea so I call
the steward all right and calling the
rear is a mouse in my cabin and could
you please come and get rid of it and I
would like a new cabin because all of my
clothes are all over the place and it
has obviously done some destruction in
this place and I will not have it this
is a mess all right there
the steward is in your room very quickly
okay he like knocks yeah Madam's this is
do it come in come in come in it's right
it's right there all right so he'll go
and he has he has a mousetrap and he has
a net that's adorable
yeah and I had to rush the lamp okay a
hand of a bottle of my vodka
don't drink it hit it with it don't
drape the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what do you hook catches
catch okay
don't catch the mouse either way I want
a different room yes yes of course of
course we are already working on
switching your room thank you so he and
you point the dress out so he goes and
he's just gonna pull the dress yeah so
he goes to pull the dress out and make
me a spot hidden role let's see if you
can see over his if he blocks this 50
something so it's just a regular spot
hidden all right so the regular you're
blocked from it okay he pulls it back
and then you hear a weird gurgling no ha
and he like staggers back okay
oh it's choking him to death it is not
choking him and he like turns around and
he's like looking at you shot well did
you get it he opens his mouth uh-huh and
there's a green film across a tit 54
I did not make it cuz my San sucks
you lose to sanity oh god I barely had
any to begin with and and yeah he is
oh whoa and and he is like turned around
you and he's just like I slap him
alright yeah I just you slap him nice
and his mouth shut
yeah and you hear oh oh oh right at the
door this is too disgusting you brought
out there know where anybody else's room
is at this point sure yeah yeah okay so
the closest person as I care ro theoric
we love rules oh yeah I got a 33 oh just
right across the hall from you and and
like see the green baby the Stuart
Stuart is like after your slap he's sort
of like shocked and he's like he sort of
fell back onto a chair and you I don't
care not my problem
I'm in job I'm like pounding on the door
I know no faster than right there
am i close enough to hear this mm-hmm
make me listen roll no all right so
you're poor you're asleep so Emma is
there in her dressing gown yeah not even
like a robe well just another dressing
gown and behind her her door is open and
you see a steward like just getting up
from a chair what's up
did I gotta take you I push her in play
kick the door shut and don't let him in
is there a lock on the door moving
toward him yes lock the door and if they
do everyone okay with your cogniat
understand I did I speak English what
I'm speaking very clearly there's nope
don't answer it nope looks don't answer
it the steward is at the door check his
mouth his mouth is closed
boy that's essential don't let them in
don't let him in gene you don't sure
it's a chick no all right no Steven
whatever I have it right you wanted to
agree on the door 44 don't ask me what
that is to get in between what's your
strength 35 so I obviously don't open
I'm not rooms change so you got to open
it and am I just jams the door shut and
the Stewart Lee excuse me ma'am was
there no no you you need to leave go now
go to the medical baby news all right no
it's not all right did you take joint
you should go get him shot punch out
[Laughter]
go no he was killing a mouse that was in
my room that basically ransacked my room
had thrown all my stuff all over the
place
and then he had this green goo in his
mouth
what great get oh I've seen it I've seen
it that was it was a new dress okay so
what are you telling me he had my dress
in his mouth well that's gross eating
remember eating I said some food fell
down your dress yes there's a green
thing oh is the green goo greengooz it
seen a dress and then he got it jumped
in his it's in his mouth now it is in
his mouth now do not let him in make him
go someplace that isn't here
I don't care where I get on the phone
call the bursar I was like yeah
gentleman that you sent up to kill the
mouse he's got some sort of weird
infection in his mouth you need to send
somebody up he's contagious he's
disgusting
and get it done I am turning into the
and get in the closet
because every every sand can't handle it
again I am done all right
yeah so she's now in the cloth loan oh
yeah and then I'm going to sleep the
Stuart has it looks like the Stuart has
gone back into her room and is trying to
like put her dresses back on the count
on their things man nice open up to say
so I you gather it excuse me she wishes
to change rooms
no did her do with it you gather there
she don't sheezus don't you there
anymore it is quite literally my job to
whose deflating sigh but very well I
shall I shall bring another steward to
take care of zis Roy and you will eat
him because you're you you watch him go
yeah and he like closes her door make
sure it's locked and then he heads off
he's gone
should we go get the moustache man to
kill your phone rings good mustache man
buy em hello yeah is this okay what's
your last name forgotten they understand
this is this Mademoiselle Durst on yeah
what what's up we received a very
strange call from your phone is Madame
are you staying sealed this yes his
mother Stansfield with you yeah she's in
my rib she she had a hard time with
one of your stewards she came over to
Molly room I'm very sorry to hear this
yeah we needed somebody else to come up
and help her get into another room of
course of course I will send someone
down install groin if she what is the
she she called him to get a mouse and
then he didn't get it and there was a
mouse in yeah talk to you Stuart
find out from him click as you hang
afford you a get here hello I'm like we
gotta get the moustache man to kill the
mouse moustache isn't alright so you
hear but no it's too early I said about
6:00 in the morning your phone rings
again think he's
is that how English people answer the
phone I'm here what's what's up this is
a bursar Emma and I wish you to inform
miss Stansfield that we have moved her
her belongings to a state room they give
you the number it's on the same deck it
is it is still a very nice room and we
have we will keep that room locked until
the rodent infestation I'm given to
understand is taken care of great sounds
great thank you
and is there anything else you require
we have spoken with the steward and he
said that Miss Stansfield slapped him
hey mister did something wrong hey ask
him just ask him what he said to her
because must have been something wrong
umm he suggests that he has that he
turned around he was m moving her
clothes and he turned around and miss
Stansfield staggered backwards and
slapped him hey I wasn't there so I
don't know but I'll talk to her
very nice that is very well and yeah I
wish to Eden you will pardon me for
speaking candidly madam but we on the
Royal Cunard lands have a certain
standard of decorum and between your
your theatrics at Danelle and your
compatriots a assault of one of our crew
members we are we are slightly concerned
that your behavior is not not
appropriate for first class today did
they pay you enough for our rooms was
that what you're trying to get from me
are you trying to trying to get some
more grift off me I I do not understand
I am trying to get better
behavior off of you
[Music]
the moment one of us gets arrested for
assault the whole deal you wants to be
you wants to be better people perhaps
not the language I would use but the
English is not my first language
obviously now so I I hear yeah we
just will put her in her room and we'll
see you for dinner
Thanks I don't want to go to my room I'm
not it doesn't matter if my things are
there I don't want to go to that room
yes dressing down yeah
please [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh please not the green one
dirty one all right so you're going to
her new room yeah all right because I
beg her she do so all right you you go
to the new stateroom I just you might
wanna take the moustache man with you
I'm just saying I've got firearms and
traffic talks about to take that stupid
bear trap that should kill whatever it
is yeah you got it you got a good point
though about traps maybe you will no
I'll go get him all right there's a
knock at your door about 6:30 okay y'all
wake up all right okay I've got my
little nightcap on to and everything no
really now he's must have really no wax
papers according to Hercule Poirot
No - no 22:02 man lay out of that his
moustache just bounces right back at me
so Flint dude said morning morning
first conversation she hasn't started
with aw yeah it's like a Jacko
commercial started with a mr. well you
know she's serious doing serious things
right so had some problems last night in
his room mm-hmm
yeah no no no no I went back what did
you do oh my god anything the steward
did something I don't know what no but
the steward did something and she wants
to take a look at her room before should
go back she got here and I sniff her
breath it's like all of your breath
smell alcohol six o'clock in the morning
out is 6:00 in the morning just smell
really bad so she won't go to her room
till we look at it you know what we're
gonna take a moustache break that
mustache is gonna be firmly affixed no
or up here somewhere
we all have we have super glue you know
we don't actually need to go that far
setting Elmer's maybe so we will be back
just as soon as that moustache has been
stapled to Nick's upper lip not it not
you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
welcome back to the lesser Dane society
we are on a boat with terrible things
happening as usual everything's fine and
it should be the days in every episode
the worst thing is I'm so far as I'm
being asked to check a room I don't even
know that much okay so yeah when we left
you were you had collected that hard
rock or whatever is the mustache is this
a grill master beats beat man now that's
a joke feel like three people most of
whom are in this yeah so yeah I'll take
off my nightcap all right yeah so you
guys were heading I'm a little bit quick
[Laughter]
are you okay are you bringing a weapon
of any sort what like I'm gonna go get
an elephant rifle for what checking in a
room for what's happened she needs a
room checked okay I'm not going on they
have not locked the stateroom yet yes
new room yes an idea I mean you brought
your revolver yeah you sleep with your
revolver oh yeah I just does not shock
my if not I'll have it all right so you
know you get you go to her room and
you open the door and it seems like a
stateroom okay what are we what were we
looking for night I'm looking in the
corner
sir yeah anything you can ruin roll yeah
oh goody
I can reroll to fail it right oh sure
oh I don't think I'll need to do that
everything's fine yeah you see no traces
of anything in this room hmm looks clean
all right good good we could tell that
it's clean cheap she had a problem with
she thinks it's a mouse it could be
something else but and then she had the
the so Stuart came in it and then I
don't know she was she slapped him I
don't know what he did I have no idea
and again how would I call that I smell
on your breth such is just morning
brother garble amount but that you know
normal for a certain knowing there's a
knock on the door
yeah and it's a steward ah not the same
hello I believe this is not your room no
our friend asked us to check through the
room was quick you're looking for it's
okay I see I heard there was a mouse
is that you are friends with the Miss
Stansfield associates I see okay well um
you will forgive me if I do not remain
in the room while you are I think you do
not take anything oh that's fine no that
we need to go get her soon anyway of
course of course
so yeah he's just sort of like very
bored Lee staying right the doorway you
stay here I'm go go get her why just
stay he says she feels better she's
feeling all messed up so like just bring
her over be okay all right all right
dessert sure yeah yeah you said that the
when she leaves the steward is like I
heard there was some excitement last
night with the young lady slapping
whatever I remember I heard that but I
can't tell if she when she was telling
me if she was just drunk or making it up
what what did you hear
when I heard that Gustav came to to
assist miss we got a phone we got a call
that there was a mouse in the room and
his staff came to see to read the room
of the mouse and Miss Stansfield he put
something back in the mouse ran from the
room and Miss Stansfield slapped him
so she are you going back to your room
to your new room yeah okay all right so
when you come up and the guy sees you
and he says ah miss Stansfield yes if if
this room is to your approval I will go
did you find anything looks clean okay
just wait and so I kind of checked the
drawers look in the closet do I
everything has been immaculately folded
okay and hung up and put away okay and
there's nothing like on the floor and
the cupboards under the bed you hit you
give it a a very thorough once-over and
the guy is just like easy is anything
missing
no it's not missing I just the the mouse
I don't need both scattering we have
taken the two dresses that's where I'm
stained yes they're being cleaned by the
thank you by as the ships that would be
no charge thank you thank you very much
if there's nothing else
mm-hmm he closes the door so you slap
someone perfect yes technically also not
uncommon hasn't hasn't not happened
before but in this case when you
remember our deal we have to be careful
about breaking the law not allowing
I'm just saying you know what you're
doing
I'm saying nobody's been arrested yet
everything is fine
he had green goo in his mouth and he was
coming at me with open jaws thoroughly
boy that took a turn that sent out son
can I lean forward and smell the bar and
in fact you bring up a good point sir
and I go get some liquor coz the day is
young and there are people with green
goo in their mouth I'm good I'm just
okay well when she's going I'm gonna
tell him saying look remember anything
last night when we had problems with the
food and they took me away because I
thought there was food on there was
something he didn't have problem there
was green goo so maybe there was
something just green going went down her
her dress and yes what she saw then I
had to leave the bar to change to go
back to the bar my dress was always so
like a desert well I don't know what it
was I mean what color was it was just
stained it was okay so they spilled this
jelly like a desert dress I don't know I
don't know but why would my back be wet
eating desert lost what is happening but
so let's back it up okay so all right
apparently something was dropped on my
dress okay okay maybe your salmon you
know what never mind it sounds totally
and then then you thought there was
something moving in your room yes so
let's fast forward to the hard thing
it's crazy
yes yes it was under my green dress
there was something moving under my
green dress so I called the bursar to
send up a Stewart to blah blah blah and
if the desert was spilled on the dress
the mouse would be a trap totally
different dress but anyway that dress
was already washed hanging up okay okay
totally new dress new dress focus okay
with me all right green dress on the
floor
did I tell you like there were
scratching noises and crazy noises and
all my stuff was in a pile on the floor
like looked like it had been ransacked
by knops right so then my green dress is
on the floor and it's moving so I called
the I call the first order to send of a
Stuart to please kill the mouse because
I don't want to do it this is disgusting
this the ship is filthy please get the
ship from my room sounds like that from
Margaret that's like no rats could jump
that high whatever is rustling under my
feet and he it goes to kill it misses
turns around gaping jaws of green goo so
and then I slept him and that fix the
know it just bought me enough time to
right away that's why she showed up back
at my place
okay and you had just woken up no I just
come home from drinking okay no yeah
you're right I was walking up at 4:00 in
the morning yes yes all right so what
wait so one more thing you guys have to
Christmas green thing that's what I saw
I'm making Christmas my smell yeah well
that's what I saw in that it was a new
restaurant me a restaurant that's the
your bathroom and I'm like brushing my
teeth but no seriously I saw this thing
and if he ate it
oh maybe it went inside him
maybe it's totally did but yeah he
okay so so this room is clear clothes on
and have a proper breakfast there's a
very proper breakfast I'm already in the
dining room wondering where these people
are the dining room uh-huh
when you're kind of by Europe you're at
the table you get there early
dr. Entwistle comes up and he's doctor
do you think I could have a moment of
your time
certainly well thank you so much and he
like heads he like asks you to follow
him and you're out on the deck mm-hmm
and he says doctor I am coming to you
man-to-man
mm-hmm to ask an uncomfortable favor
from you sir I have lost something of
great value and potentially of some
danger I was not entirely forthcoming
with you and I do indeed have some
samples oh you have disease samples on
the ship I do
so Oh Lord and at the risk of uttering a
sentence that sounds ridiculous and you
don't know the company I keep
all right
okay now explain and before I tell you
anything further mm-hmm I must impress
upon you that this is a matter of
national security for the United States
of America and the United States
military and that your discretion is a
my research involves infecting creatures
mobile disease platforms so you in fact
say a rat
perhaps that lets say a rat or mouse
doesn't I mean that's my first thought
is that as a plague carrier with a rat
for example all right and you have one
of one more of those sorts of creatures
on this ship I have I have a few more oh
they are very well contained I'm not
concerned about them all right I'm
my lost item I don't like to if you
think about them as things it's not
quite as concerning what does this thing
look like well you can't you can't miss
it you'll know it when you see it that's
and again full for reasons of national
security I cannot go into the amount of
detail that would it would give you the
answers you need sir alright so you need
my help finding something how are we
talking we have roughly 18 to 24 hours
to save everyone on this ship all right
how do we do that we are gonna let's
split up and we're gonna separate the
boat into decks we're gonna check each
deck I think for the you know for the
time that we do this we're just we're
looking for anything out of the ordinary
anything that could be different and
that that information we will it is it
is 8 a.m. right now we will meet back in
my room and he gives you the room number
at 10 a.m. 2 hours to search the ship
this is we are gonna do this several
times I'll show you
and as we you know I'm going to consider
when the time to raise the risk profile
on our search and when to involve the
ship's crew all the ships all the ship's
crew know is that I am a member I'm a
member of the US military and that I
have my room is not to be searched or
cleaned that's all they know but if time
becomes of the essence if there's no
other answer we'll have to tell certain
select members of the crew more I am
doctor essentially deputizing you at
this point and I trust that you
understand the gravity of this situation
and you understand the level of trust
that I am placing in you it is deeply
appreciated if you consider it
appropriate to involve your associates
I will trust your judgment but I have
not seen a great deal of composure or
decorum decorum from your compatriots I
think that if we decide to raise the
risk profile and involve members of the
crew that is when I would bring in my
compatriots I'm swell I'll keeping it
between the two of us is probably the
better I trust your judgment implicitly
doctor thank you so much and I think we
better get started that's going all
right so you three come to breakfast and
the doctor and the doctor mm-hmm the
doctors are not there okay the doctors
to the doctors to get out of their own
little Club it's time for breakfast I've
got a PhD there was a captain than you
right now hmm
make me a mmm spot him oh okay
a fine jello rat roll
I missed it Bo didn't but didn't fumble
oten all right so if you don't do
anything else we're gonna do the 10:00
a.m. meeting if you don't find anything
so unless you're gonna do something else
um does anyone mind if I inspire it
because this feels kind of important
sure go for it and you critically fumble
it yeah it wasn't a me but it wasn't a
critical all right will do so we
breakfast I think we should go find that
Stewart keep an eye on them
McCormick like lien said what are we
looking for mm-hmm just any weird behave
damned if I know traffic let's go we're
you confused by their names McCormick's
mustache man thorn castle - man yeah
mccormick is like he's fascinated he's
got shifty eyes what are we doing
getting French I know can't trust him
we're looking for jello rats green jello
rats Wow as best I can pieced together
you are so lucky that was close I want a
party was close
you didn't tell me your friends were so
great crazy I'm anti enthusiastic about
this whole anti enthusiastic you don't
have to come no it isn't I know it's
really making sure you two are drinking
alright so you're gonna go and we ski
we're just gonna like you know stake out
Thea what you were everything I know
that one yeah that would be a critical
success so you know the name of the guy
who came to the room but got the other
the other school stuff I'm the one who
ain't in jail
Gustav is he's don't know that they
don't so I mean you can you know you
don't have to I mean I can mention it in
my house the new curling irons clearly
yeah yeah I think you're talking about
your stuff
totally I'll totally be a medium brown
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that all right like if you want to
make sure you're reading just like is it
now I've gone oh my gosh Oh like while
you're drinking sugar I'll find him
it just takes off oh no why it's gonna
get go instead she's gonna get her all
God talk my way out of it
no no careful beside you
alright so how are you sewing to find
Gustav I'm gonna go do to the egg
same thing boy boy oh just get Boyd out
and so somebody goes my ghost on the
cover of do you or did you not come with
no I'm not even I do the cover of
apologizing ah ha ha ha you're gonna
have to help me what do I say for this
I'm sorry for last night or this morning
I'm basically going to the same as never
said I'm going toward their their you
know their areas my cows coastal oh so
you're just you got you just walk into
so the cruel I'm not walking in I'm
going by there cuz I know that they're
gonna turn it but you know I'll make the
door was quite hidden for this advantage
luck roll Oh God
so in your professional opinion do I
made it right on the line right so I
mean yeah you are you know like you go
to the first of like the stairway down
to get through area and you're just yell
boy right here Joe yes you yes you can
also say it on the same line I were
thinking any number of excuses and then
say that you love sorry that you did
like that eh eh eh maybe Polynesian
looking guy well we'll sort of come a
little bit up the stairway and say can I
one of the ship's crew yeah he's um
he he's that stinky French guy no he was
a steward but he came up and is one
now he's one of the stewards you you
wish a Stuart Java shop last night one
of my companions slapped him and she
apologized she she wasn't done so they
caught up yeah yeah we're just like the
opportunity to apologize - I hear all of
you start hearing all of this he says
allegedly okay I'm gonna go get somebody
who could help you I'll stay here
I think this therapist I'm leaving I
will make you stay Thanks and about
10 min are you gonna like yeah I'm gonna
do like a drive-by me like what's going
on long story it involves apologize I
can't even no no we both know you can do
this okay you can do this okay why do
you need to find out if this Gustav guys
okay soon so remember the green do do
about that I said there's something on
her dress you want to put the pieces
together at this point you see get out
do that she'd already told me about the
green goo and whistles said you would
know it when you see it and that sounds
weird enough to be what he was talking
about you could put whatever pieces
together you want to put together but
yeah we think he ate it you have some
fancy all right and I'm just like going
pale thinking about this okay actually
anybody who makes a psychology roll can
see like the doctor is shaken anybody
anybody who even attempts a psychology
role can see that the doctor there's
something bothering the doctor yeah Oh
something's happening with the doctors
would you okay I don't know if you find
this Gustav person can you have him can
you ask him to come to my yeah did you
know that you by feel
helping yes probably okay sir yeah
you're older
no how do i okay so long story short the
mouse I'm gonna air quotes the mouse now
in light of what was likely a rat um
okay the the rats I still needs a mouse
but whatever I'm appalled you kind of
made this weird girly barfi noise and
then spit and then when he turned around
his mouth had the green goo in it and I
slapped him of which again self-defense
yes how was he behaving well he was
pretty shocked after I slapped him for
that that all makes sense irritated that
I called him to kill a mouse
did he seem peculiar with the green goo
in his mouth when he no but I seem to
pretty goddamn freaked out she just ran
back to my dog don't bring any of that
up during the apology so just so again
if I apologize then how do I assure him
to a doctor to apologize and say that
well what if he seems fine and you were
just crazy hmm
so your words as you say that the bursar
comes up not from the crew deck yeah
from behind he said you wanted to
speak to Gustav yes please I'm afraid
that Gustav is very ill he's not feeling
well it's imperative that I clear my
conscious and speak with him he is in
the ship's medical facility may I see
him right away
I thought that by saying he is in the
ship's medical facility I would make
clear the D no I'm like look at my watch
what time is that it's about 9:30 but
I'm gonna darn it I returned without a
word and just run okay okay doctors that
we dine with then that was one of them
you you are very kind I assure you that
we have a quite competent medical staff
on a shuttle
okay and they are giving they are giving
monsieur pernaud all of the care that he
needs
love this okay can I assist you in any
other matter lastly is your new state
room to your liking
yes it is excellent thank you very much
again I just wanted to apologize to him
personally about my behavior I become
somewhat unhinged in the sight of
rodents it is of course you have nothing
to apologize for madam and I will I will
make sure that boost of is sorry miss
your turn odd is informed of your kind
words thank you sir when I turn around
and then I kind of modern about brother
clean I'm gonna go finally to find
Edward I can't you and you can find him
before the 10:00 a.m. thing so she runs
up to the other doctor and the other
doctor doesn't notice he's like he's
like he's in a lounge like lifting up
cushions and that's what I think
run it run it better open and tap on the
shoulder ma apologize Oh doctor I found
and your friend was it the Acrobat have
that job I mean so what did the circus
what's wrong Oh Joe you're a Connie it
Joe could you give us just a moment
please
please I'll be over there are you gonna
try and listen yeah alright Michael
listen role we did this after finishing
our breakfast you're gonna catch a
little bit of it well we'll go through
that all right so huh
why well you you seem I'm like breathing
hard yeah I'm running I think I think we
found your thing you all need cardio
work that's you what I think we found
your thing where well it's currently
inside of someone if my friends
description is accurate inside of
someone from from the description that
I've gotten is it does it look like
Christmas jelly somewhat somewhat
similar to that if you
give it a I mean let's say it does if it
does then it was in my friends room last
night and how did some wood I don't I
don't ask it's not edible
apparently it ended up in in his mouth
somehow and she slapped him and now he's
in the sickbay
oh my god yes and we need to get down
there right now
if we need to get for going to contain
this and so you here in the sick bay
we've got to get down there right now
and and you hear doctor in whistle go oh
my god yes yes we do shall we yes yes
and he like tries to he starts putting
the cushions right there at the Stuart
we'll deal with it if we leave it in
that direction yeah you guys come this
way the shoulder all right come on I'm
sorry I will explain later I promise
well wait they helped me figure this out
I understand why and how much we have
dealt with weird things I see all right
we have we need to we need to see that
sick crewman yes somebody does we well I
in particular now are you that sick
crewman yeah so what are you gonna do
about the mouse in my room and there's a
mouse in your reel probably a rat it's
it was Green
I don't know I didn't see anybody I know
what the little what's going on it was
Green all right I need to see that
crewman I'm sorry I'm coming with you
his name is Gustav yes
Thurber Thurman something like that and
Thoroughbred Thurman yes that was ten
I am genuinely we talking and walking
uh-huh yes yes and also your the girl he
knows how to deal with diseases in stuff
right so you should be able to fix him
well you have you have encapsulated 12
years of my education quite succinctly
is not using it painful how she does
that I am not sure what sort of
treatment or even what sort of malady
this gentleman is afflicted with but I
will certainly endeavour to find out
good I may be able to pull some rank
here but I'm not sure that will matter
for Markham for my compatriots here and
he goes so he stops him like there's a
ship's phone mm-hmm and he picks it up
and and he says this is a doctor in
whistle
I am the gentleman in room number 117
and I should very much like to speak to
the captain and there's a brief moment
and then you hear entwistle side of the
conversation and he says yes I do
understand that this is no I'm afraid I
understand
well I'm captain I will thank you for
your understanding in this matter I must
see that crewman yes and then he hangs
up he says all right I think I've got
some time with him
I should very much like to come with you
as I have more experience on on the
ground with diseases is this contagious
that I seem to have touched it because
it was on my dress I see
I should probably examine you I mean
like he'll just take her
look in your eyes I'm like make me a con
roll Oh crud John's not bad yep I make
it alright you feel fine yeah you feel
fine
you're not like I mean I'm irritable not
drunk enough for this whole thing that's
just like the ground state of me yeah
you you know you don't feel any fever or
any like lightness or anything like that
everything seems everything so normal
and so he asks you like three questions
about your yes if your tongue feels
enlarged anyway yep yes if you have any
fever not that I can tell and then he
asked permission to I understand it
seems like you are you have escaped okay
cuz it was how long ago it was last
night I see it would have begun
showing symptoms yeah it it was a there
was a wetness on my dress and so I took
my dress off to wash it somewhere
McCormick is really happening I know my
car wreck is just like oh I should be in
this conversation and so I rinsed out
whatever it was and then it was in my
room I see I see
alright well and and you see the bursar
like walking up kind of annoyed Lee and
he says I'm very well I understand that
dr. Entwistle you are too you ought to
see the the patient if you don't mind
I'd also like to bring the doctor along
here as well the rest of you please wait
outside the room no problem no problem
this you know we should you know we
should we should be in sanitary gob
before we I agree so you when you get
down there the ship's medical office is
sad there's there's very little in the
way over questionnaires only yes there's
no there's very little in the way of
like sanitary like you know there's no
there's no like corn
teen stuff there's no and I suppose the
best we can do is scrub up to the elbow
and wear gloves yeah it was mask
silently aghast and all right so you the
ship's doctor there's there's two
there's a doctor and two nurses that are
the entire medical staff of the ship and
the ship's doctor is this brusque
English ex-soldier mm-hmm who just as
like doesn't want to do paperwork is
annoyed and and he's just like fine go
ahead
and so you both go in the room and you
are all three in the waiting room with
the annoyed doctor like tie handkerchief
over my nose and mouth at least there
they masks so waiting room wouldn't want
to go in there no no I mean one here so
you you enter the room and the guy
gustave the steward is in his stewards
uniform with the shirt like unbuttoned
most of the way down and his belly is
distended and he is like moaning and
like kind of rolling side to side and
seems 100% out of it and entwistle like
immediately snaps into action and he
starts palpating various parts of him
and like seeing his reactions and he's
he's he's kind of treating you like a
nurse but he's asking you for things and
that sort of thing and he's like snapped
right into a very professional demeanor
yeah and I'm and I'm right there with
him because he and he's you've never
seen nothing like this interesting you
are so I'm just falling back on training
do you like yeah check it out you know
gunshot wounds you're great with weird
and and so and and at a certain point it
whistle will look up you and he will say
do you trust me yes give me a scalpel no
I just quietly go it go up and get one
all right hand it to him he jams it into
the guy's belly no no there's no only
thing down all hear a male voice go oh
whisky listen sit up straight for sure
yeah
nope all right yeah so so you over
the scream and every it's like you you
actually look away you're like oh mm-hmm
and there's a there's a like a lot of
wet squishing noises mm-hmm that are not
what you would associate with what's
going on I'm gonna look back okay I
thought misc of my sanity I'm aware of
this that you look back and now you see
where he cut there are small green hands
pulling the guy's stomach open and
coming out of his stomach are three
little green figures now that you see
them they almost look like gooey super
smiley happy little snowmen of green
plague tells you there's little like you
hear little tittering laughs and they
are just like happy and climbing out
make me a sandwich
yeah told you how good that was a hard
success
all right you lose to sanity could
Christ and and so normally you'd only
lose one sanity but the reason that you
lose the other sanity is you finally
realize what that failed listen role was
as dr. Entwistle is chanting over this
stomach and the oh you speak Latin right
yes the only thing you hear you the only
part of the chant you make out is Potter
layers finer plague father of something
you can make a Latin roll are actually
note part of that was the first one
lewis's Laius I didn't know that all
right you do a pot her of something yes
it's what he's saying and he's just
saying it over and over and I
marriageable there's like a there's like
a just almost an orgiastic look on his
face just like stare at him and then
stare at these little things all right
make me a dodge roll oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah no
that's alright the character so so you
some oh you're a doctor yes so part of
this guy's intestines were just thrown
at you by one of these little these
little things and like expose and you
hear and you know that tittering would
laugh and they are so they're almost
fully removed from this guy the guy on
the table is dead now Gustavus is way
dead yeah and ain't whistle looks at you
and he pulls his mask down and out of
his mouth is sneaking a long serpentine
green tongue and he says to and and and
he looks at you and he says you must
accept father Naugles greetings
he has gifts for all and we're gonna go
to initiatives and Jim for your bear
trap and I didn't bring my god luckily I
didn't think I needed lay us is Ashley
pestilence aha I can also know it's also
people yes sure Nike Leo's victory of
the people hmm isn't that Nike is Greek
yeah watch this Internet that's where I
that's where I got laser but so yeah
ninety I don't know what now we got new
deaths a--'s yeah I'm so I'm not gonna
go to you three until you have a reason
to come to mind
the screaming I mean I as soon so did
you want to go in when the guys scream I
wouldn't have no but I'm attentively
listening okay yeah sure so what do you
have got 55 okay so so it whistle will
go before that god make me another dodge
roll this is not unless you fumble your
I got a 95 well he got worse oh so he
like you guys full-on tries to frog
tongue you just don't like whips out and
and and this like Green acre is just
coming off of his tongue and and he
liked it like slaps against the wall
next to you and I was not anticipating
that my creations would come to it would
come to fruition so early I really
wanted to save them to try them out on
European soil but so be it everyone on
this ship can accept the gifts of father
nerville
how about is he being about this he's
kind of you can all make listen roles
have you got a hard success you will
tense on you and shy about his rig
success you you hear exactly what he
said
sure yeah you know what you hear is you
hear Entwistle be that voice raised and
he says except father nerville's gifts
you know like who that what the what so
he just said except father Nargis gifts
I know it to January and it's after
Christmas and I don't know who father
Nergal is I don't think he's bringing
gifts and I don't think there's a
chimney and I don't know what's
happening it was so this is falling
obviously the gifts are terrible I mean
he's trying to just bless the guy you
know if he's got another orleans
around me click in because this is golf
club cuz there doc what is my ex 65 okay
so we'll get to that
okay there's not a golf club because
these are doctors every router we
apologize you guys have medical and the
golf fans oh my I'd like a driver it's a
there are no golf clubs in the waiting
room golf on a crucian so terribly I'd
like mini golf in a Christian yes
70s on a 70 the three little guys have
now fully emerged so they are going to
try and scatter one of them manages to
plop down off it they they don't seem
they seem like they're they're they're
like kind of newborns there's a lot of
like wiggling yeah so one of them like
just tumbles off the table and is trying
to like run out but the other two are
still on the table still like they're
still throwing little bits of body at
you gross as one does all right so you
go to look in the waiting room yes and I
lose no sanity now and you're gonna make
a sanity roll the first thing you see is
doctor Entwistle with about a three-foot
tongue oh thank goodness
sentence then that is very low alright
not a critical but humanely are to
sanity from seeing he's got salvado
sanity now you it's mainly seeing
someone's lower cavity being used as a
egg hatching birthing like there are
three two little things popping out of
this guy's abdomen that has been like
just torn asunder and I will let out an
oh dear God I mean actually make me a
con roll I just used a good - let's see
there's your plan that you're playing
the odds
breakfast is No alright what's that
second mostly coffee coming out oh don't
lean
three all right folks so yeah you feel a
strong urge to vomit for Alysha stick on
a roll like that you already Ralph oh
yeah oh yeah we seen this for you like
oh no you like look in and then you just
lead oh oh yeah you see him looking and
wah and he's like luckily there was a
oh is this surgery that bad alright so
next round you guys will be in it okay
all right so back to the top of the
lineup and I'm sorry you're 60 or 85 85
I might like scream their names at the
top of my voice okay is there anything
like yeah sure yep there's a chair cool
I'm going to attempt to hit and whistle
with with the chair just like fighting
brawl make a roll okay actually know
these dice have betrayed ring yes indeed
oh all right so you got luck
no it's kind of a small room mm-hmm but
you swing the chair and like you hit
that you like bonk Gustav in the leg you
know like trying to get to him and that
like knocks the knocks the chair off of
its trajectory and I'd screaming their
names yeah my necks is 90 just alright
so you're gonna go next next round so I
heard her scream I'm going I'm going in
and guard role I'm going to also grab a
towel anything that's there and there's
rather there's masks I'm sure it fits
too well so scram it so go are you if
you're gonna you're gonna take time to
find something or you're gonna go you're
gonna go okay I'm gonna go alright
alright sanity sanity at a con roll I
made the sanity okay
you lose one sanity okay you we're gonna
burn the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm after row all the way
to London yes I mean yeah you were
you are not utterly disgusted you've
seen terrible things [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah I've
cleaned up turn yeah you cleaned up
you're looking all right so yeah you
bust into the room I shall take
particular pleasure in destroying you
look at me mad you burst in you made the
con roll so you can take an action what
do you want to do knife stab so you
draw a knife yeah okay all right nice to
have someone else being the row cover
party oh just over all right so you
already I have 30 is regular so you can
three you should put your 30 points that
that's you couldn't get some luck you
cool yeah yeah burry you could try and
push it I'm gonna inspire it I want I
want I want luck all right so what'd you
miss it by by four four so you could
spend for luck okay I'm sure that will
not come in handy later
so yeah you stabbed you stabbed in
that I have I'm sorry what do you need
nah I just know I got it I just thought
I had it out already one limit one
alright so you get like a glancing slice
on him and when you slice him brain
comes out oh boy alright those 90s 80s
hoi an eighty I thought you'd understand
doctor
what technology can do for the spread of
disease you think I'm out to spread
disease I'm a doctor i cure them but
father no girls gifts need to be shared
with the world no no and his he like
takes the green here and he puts it on
his hand and he is going to he's just
gonna try and rub it on you I had to
dodge no all right you take three points
of damage so he has you you hadn't
really noticed his fingernails are like
claws oh and he just like rakes his hand
across your shoulder and that greet your
it so cognizant of the green goo maybe
even more cognizant by the con role that
you're going to attempt now yep yes I
made that alright nice to play someone
who's con is about 25 so yeah you know
he just rakes across you like that I was
eighties 70s 60s 65 is a bottle of
whiskey I yeah I'm gonna grab that and
run in the room and try and splash it on
alright you fight some medical all
certainly always whiskey but they're
rubbing alcohol sure yeah luck roll to
find it at hand immediately geek
remember Whistler is there
things you know alright so that your you
find it this round okay you've got
you've got rubbing alcohol is there
anything to beat him with long golf club
like I mean their chairs there are you
know there are any sort of jars mmm
Oh that'd be hilarious but now yeah it's
like chase went a little babies are
gonna be like yeah I'm gonna do that cuz
yes even know maybe add X roll don't
oppose two decks roll okay
son of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know how bad did you miss
it fifty out of six sorry yessuh Coleman
do it leave it here comes out off here
comes I accidentally said you can do it
fumble this oh seven yeah obviously an
extreme success [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you so me and you
nice there's like one second where you
Teeter and you're like worried and
actually that teetering you like do
they're like wrote on the floor thing
and you put a jar right over the you
this clear jar right over the little
green thing and it's like top of it so
he can't like there we go Wow already oh
yeah that's right okay fifty-five oh
sorry the nerdlings go before you is
that what they're called there's only
two now Krause huh
the one in the jar is like looks like
it's it kind of looks like it needs to
poop it's concentrating that's fine okay
the other Glenn M hoop new people are
around they're gonna throw something at
you so make a dodge roll what's Dodge oh
that's right it's a nope so some
horrible bit of Gustav comes flopping
out front comes gets like flung at you
by the body and you take a kidney
I got two already you take two points of
damage
hey look hey hey hey knock that off
nice I got more jars I'm for you long
are you here once again you hear a
little titters it's Christmas elves
Wrigley's Joseph's Nergal is not a
Cthulhu Mythos thing Nergal is from the
Warhammer Pantheon and he's my favorite
God but he's one of the the in Warhammer
there are four chaos gods and Nergal is
the god of pestilence
unlike the whole celebration nurdles
like a demented Santa Claus because all
of his followers think about like Oh
getting diseased is great and father
Nergal is like Christmas he brings us
all these gifts and so like all of his
like minions are these happy little
things that arts like and you get a
disease and like it's just this
wonderfully commended I get here I love
miracles daddy what Jerry Cthulhu Oh
father Nergal is the best he has
presents for everyone yes who does he so
this they threw one at you and you're
not in the room so they'll throw
something at you Oh make a dodge roll
make a good Dodger roll no take max
damage four points of damage what's
happening with the ship doctor that
whooshes sucker is on the phone right
now and he's like get someone down here
with with the bring the shotgun yeah the
shot I'm gonna have the ships are that's
next right all right oh man it would
have been funnier if you had to lay the
jars started reading a book on it the
books that are in all operating room on
book I mean this is not a good operating
room yeah there's a medical book in here
invasive surgery yes there you go
what - I'm gonna like if I still have it
have a grip on the Chairman take another
swing at the doctor
okay sure myself dude words I can words
two words really I can nobody brought
yeah you could inspire it burn all your
inspiration on backup characters so
we've got four out here somewhere
yeah I've got two three got here I mean
I'm a favor can I use the one for the
March already sorry
[Laughter]
yes that was a hard success all right
what damage is a d6 plus your damage
bonus if any none as far as I know one
all right so you get a glancing blow
make me a luck roll yes that's not quite
a hard success the chair does not
shatter oh good and you know you bunked
in whistle and he stays on his feet top
of the line up 90 all right this time
I'm gonna pull out the revolver all
right so good if you are drawing and
firing this round you will have
disadvantage on that shot and you are in
a small room firing the revolver yes
sure okay what caliber is it a 45 yes do
I see this can I get down you're about
to hear it did you fumble no all right
what about what a shot
so there is a deafening boom everybody
make me a con roll oh yes critical
success right if you failed you're gonna
have disadvantage on everything you do
yours are ringing no but you also make
joven one little nerdling ghost
[Music]
yes that's weirdly precious had they all
does to make their roles I undergo and
one of them if that's the only the only
one that reacted to the shot was the one
that like plugs aterial it's like baby
Yoda yeah yeah things like baby Oh down
everything cute anyway
nerdlings existed before baby Yoda I
believe you so the the main the greater
demon of Nergal is called a great
unclean one and it's really gross sure
it's this huge mass and it has all these
pustules and out of the pustules puff
little nerd and you are you are Joan
Earthlings and you are GLA yeah Nergal
Glen Marceline anyway thank you else
there are probably some great painter
ones because if you if you played SHOP
NOW 2695 if you played fantasy battle
they you could buy miniatures of
nerdlings and they were like a little
hand of like free little guys they are a
little bit alike evil baby you know
they're super cute they're fat their
chubby they've got little things their
tongue adorable yes yeah folks at home
just Google gurgling they're adorable
yeah they're ugly but they're also cute
or ugly you're cute you see I'm gonna
travel up the demented happiness that so
like do that I'm not getting that vibe
from this whole city
[Laughter]
how's 90s without everybody getting
deafened yes on an ad I did not on an ad
what is oh you vex me Acrobat you're
nothing but a Connie and he casts a
spell II Oh make a dodge roll cried I
think this is one of those make the role
not just roll yeah wait wait you did it
all right because I had to roll to tens
last time I just managed oh wait you're
getting right so disadvantage did you
make the right I made the roll you made
yeah I found us again we'll try this
again I'm sure my ears are rained
o-69 all right so we we want to fire
that yeah if you want to go for your
should we I mean what now don't get hit
with this spell now I'm gonna say if you
use inspiration you can't spend luck on
the second roll you can't yeah I'll let
was that an Amy no no I actually made
the dodging alright thank got it so a
sickening green line extends from his
hand and did you get a hard scuff my
Dodge no I so you feel like the chill of
death briefly passed through your arm
and you look down at your arm and
there's just a patch of skin that looks
like you just got out of an hour-long
bath you take one point of damage and
make me a sandwich
geez and my my cartwheel doesn't
I fall down from the carpet Sam roll
yeah yeah yeah no all right the sight of
of what can only be called for you kids
at home shriveling ya Jew is one sanity
okay Wow
you got lucky on that one yeah well well
if she made the roll
yep all right that was 80 70s
you're next I believe mm-hmm I'm gonna
oh wait yeah no you're next yeah all
these different daughters no washing
rubbing alcohol on something with the
lang coming out of it so are you yeah so
the stomach back up yes I'm just pouring
it directly over on Gustav no on the
they're still in his out gosh we'll call
it a Dex roll to see how much you get on
there okay so it's a hard success all
right that is very good
so yeah you pour this on here you pour
that on there and the one nerdling
that's like this Mike starts to smoke
he's like me to continue and the other
one like backs away and looks and it's
just like why we bring you give this oh
god it talks and yeah but but the one
like the one that had it was holding its
head mmm he's like it has shrunk back
into the into the it's the abdomen I'm
so glad the ship's doctor is here to
confirm that we're not insane
he did youdid here when the gun went off
you he did hear the doctor go what the
hell
don't worry that was all of our reaction
to 60s yep yeah so I see rubbing
alcohol as being the answer right I mean
you get depends on the question
so is there any additional rubbing
alcohol you're okay so just like him you
can make a luck role to have some
directly to have is that I brought ice
damage I'm sorry is that a disadvantage
oh yes yes fine are all in these
numbers cuz I make even my disadvantage
I make my luck roll alright so you have
yet you haven't you just like stagger
over and you just grab a big bottle of
hydrogen peroxide and yeah in vain of
other Emma I just like holy water all
right you just certainly poor yet out
yep what are you aiming for them I'm
aiming for the doctor okay good doctor
make me a decks role for that is
disadvantage a regular advanced
advantage and everything you do is a
disadvantage because you're right
deafened oh no your ears are trained all
right so you 6500 Oh 5 you are you are
liberally coat is a room of hydrogen
peroxide whatever yeah like mo Emma come
staggering in and just starts like
dribbling water everywhere like get on
my shoulder where I got scraped it's
everywhere it's it's not fun alright the
one John the nerdling in the jar
oh alright
so the nerdling a jar flashes his little
no evidence whatsoever finishes his
little concentrating thing and and a
similar beam of like sickly green black
comes out of its hand and the charge
goes Shh like shatters to pieces does he
get squished by the book that goes foot
make me a luck roll disadvantage I don't
think you roll the disadvantage actually
I do yeah it doesn't matter cuz I still
make it like I make it like oh yeah so
um gee well yeah it's roll a d6 oh I
- Cthulhu 6 so that would be a 6 by the
elder sign here you know what that's
just perfect yeah
so yeah the book just goes splat and
like it kind of the book doesn't doesn't
affect me at all of course not the one
who's left starts to make that
concentrating face as well okay the
commentating face I mean that's you I'm
gonna take another swing with and with
that with the chair that's going so well
alright
nope alright well you're not the
chairman huh dead I don't have my gun
alright we're back to the top of the
lineup all right you guys make I know
missed it what no but I got eighty okay
I don't hear anything now what do I end
on Rock a thirty is that a heart success
or anything yes it's the second one
oh so you'd be next you better not the
first one yeah there's very hard hard
hard hard I got like eight answers there
it's a harness okay so you do max damage
okay so that's twelve
Wow there's one D ten plus two yeah all
right you're cool there 45 goes KaBlam
oh and you like you blow part of his
left shoulder off and he kind of
staggers back and green starts pouring
out of him liberally and he he staggers
father Nergal your gifts for everyone
and he's like raving now if he wasn't
before it's clearly defined as raving
good yeah yeah there was kind of like oh
he's raving and that was 90s 80s as him
how is he so yes I just took like 12
points of death yeah he are in the
sickbay
he could just patch himself up he's not
gonna do first aid on himself
instead he pulls out a vial and throws
it on the ground and does the hydrogen
peroxide that I've literally spread
everywhere to any infection oh that's a
good boy
you sliced it but I just not I don't get
too many more luck rolls but another
nerdling just sort of pops existed in
another jar and it's like get the book
books seem to be effective oh do you
think so yeah no I'm trying to spritz
the air I think I yeah although I mean
I'm still in the same place so I think
this is this is an outrage how
ridiculous I spoken like someone that's
never been in the room in a small room
was it when a 45 goes off to be fair I
am 45 but I sit around I've fired a 45
with no ear protection and I was crying
in pain afterwards that was the worst
idea I mean she was shooting herself you
won so it's a it's a success saying it's
just regular success on getting pouring
it on me okay it deftly oh oh - does the
Heisman thing jumping back and forth if
I can see there's going
[Laughter]
Emma ain't been in my pocket or yeah can
I come up with anything get lucky
finding something get lucky yes
what can I find sled once again
McCormick was or Schmidt flamethrowers
no I'm fire extinguisher that - there
you go
or matches hmm make me a luck roll shall
I burn something I have to roll this
let's find out if Aeschylus is flammable
yeah actually I'm cross Jamie says oh so
it's a 5 and a 5 because it's double
knuckles on both schnikeys I find
everything yeah like a tray of things
that jar that you pulled out was a jar
full of matches would report them on the
table so I have to light a match and
toss it at anything which which one
looks so flammable to me who's the most
in the in the cavity to make sure
wherever so where are you through all
this man what seems to have the most the
multiple in between your fingers all of
them and gambit style I would like to a
memory Oh which one should i do heisman
baby or heisman baby doesn't think so I
mean baby wet it's hi there's before in
the history of humanity the first time
that has ever is heisman baby wet we
have the we have the furnitures
this husband baby done a number one or
number two no okay
so then I'll go for the arrows I mean
share around the cat around the ad guys
let's go for that let's light her up so
I don't know what a bigger throw rule a
14 at worst Oh God these guys aren't and
so is the other baby
so this disgusting yet strangely like
barbecue smell of burning human flesh
straight out of the gun like just it is
so there's like a little whoosh it's not
like that it's not gonna be an explosion
okay not a big whoosh he undercling that
had been damaged with you I don't think
about I was like now he just a little
stuntman run what's the scream little
nerd League Wilhelm scream is a little
nerd like I gotta make one of those now
right and you know what less and the
thing got a lot of first Oh Heisman baby
is a tough one Heisman baby looks up you
guys Heisman baby yeah yeah yes not with
what ain't ruled ruled at 15 dang it
okay it casts its spell and now it knows
who its cast yet you should make a Don
troll oh no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
I might need some help oh yeah I need
some help because a 46 is not gonna
dodge Heisman baby oh yes I mean but
you're a disadvantage
[Laughter]
to you but I won't stop you turn this in
you have to think about if you actually
have a changeable you'll still have
advantage no you're gonna roll the whole
thing over are you gonna get better than
that those days were funnier they were
on fire
I mean you wrote two fives they were on
I mean they're mirroring the spell is
gonna be like are you gonna leave she
had wilty skin B that was a whopper no
that wasn't a nerdling not because my
doctor that was the doctor yeah but
you're probably like husband hated
tomorrow or so you're gonna get a proper
in there now I know number three come
back [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's the same thing so 45 to
46 all right Wow that's not even an Emma
now it's improved it by one yeah but so
yes you get hit you take three points of
damage and there's now a continuing line
of green black sickness between the
nerdling who's like doing this at you
and Emma I don't like this oh it's
holding still is what I'm hearing break
this jack Sorry Sorry
all right all right nerd Ling is no now
it's you I'm still focused on the doctor
oh wait sorry
another nerdling there's one on the
ground now I know I thought we were one
that's spawn it's it's gonna start
concentrating when are they gonna get
there with that shot right all right
seriously
probably not in time it's under my skin
Keith you know what one of those would
hey she's done the most damage thinkin
oh she has I'm sorry that that's I don't
I know I know I know
that's because you like she's done the
most damage to cut it everyone generally
generally spirit that is the end of the
round
uh weird me at the bottom of the order
alright so I see I see that that thing
happening so I'm gonna throw the diamond
through and knock some re its first see
how so you have your head I'm drawn
right now so I'm gonna give you
disadvantage on this too okay I'm gonna
make you I'm gonna make you an offer
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] run you can take it easy on that
thing and just draw a knife and throw or
you can try and or you can draw your
knife and throw next time or you can
just shoot it cuz we're all gasps
everybody's deaf and you do anything
worse except miss well I don't know
shooting Gustav could send viscera
everywhere do it you don't do you
already have disadvantages on killing
one who is not definite yeah shoulder
shoot this little kid no we can't throw
that another all right yeah no I think I
think we need to get rid of the big guy
first but I was I was seeing that I was
thinking ya know
alright so you're gonna shoot the doctor
I mention it one more time oh it's a 2 2
that's that's extreme that is double
damage that's amazing that's like you
need 10 + 420 for not much damage double
deal you got a roll to tea time yeah got
it
you should get 20 it's 9 plus 4 is 13
yeah that's a lot of damage
yeah that's still that's more than last
time yeah well hey he he's still up but
you have taken a large like there's now
like so there's blood flowing from his
shoulder and now this is like a gut
wound there's like a separating wound
and there's you like every time his
heart beats like Green acre comes out
and he's he like he like leans over the
the operator
table gifts for all no one wants your
gifts and as you say that he pulls out
another vial and he throws it down he
said how many vials he has if you
remember in a conversation no he did I
said the other shoulder so he throws
another one down so now there are three
nerdlings active one in a jar and one on
the ground and one that's dead yeah but
Heisman baby's gonna win them all all
right it's holding still I'll get rid of
what are you trying to do just pour the
out rubbing alcohol to your disadvantage
for the last of the now fun I want to
welcome flipping the table
no no success cuz that's only now
whipping the table just joined us there
God hosting us so you're just in time
for them to flip a operating table so
you but you have to poured rubbing
alcohol over the head of this poor
nerdling roll me a d8 this is less
500 all right Heisman baby does not
break his concentration
like he will not be high as meaning
anymore
like part of him just sort of like
dissolves oh he's still like poor little
thing cease your infernal sorcery
that's never been said until now take it
a pac-10 I'm sure they're gonna make a
whole show yeah that might have to be an
episode title it's made me a dex rule
okay at disadvantage still yes why am I
still deaf that's a 9
91 though not 90 excitable all right so
you take you take four points of damage
and your your left leg dammit I was
gonna punt Heisman baby your left leg
like starts to shrivel in front of you
it's like the skin it looks like you're
aging why can this Emma never have
normal body parts and for those of you
just joining us that's a long story
we don't have time to go in here so yeah
your leg is like you can you feel your
legs just like shriveling is it my turn
cuz I'm gonna kick Iseman baby right
where it right word hurts that was no
this was the two nerdlings on the ground
one of them was concentrating gosh which
one of you is the most none of them they
don't care they want to share their
gifts with everybody I think one needs
to take some time to assess the
situation yes so the one that just
showed up he throws he throws it down
and it does just that it goes hmmm-hmmm
everybody and it jumps about to about
here and sort of in front of the room
and it explodes oh you know learned not
to say things like that
yeah the ladders the room in ugly
horrible green goo and everybody needs
to make a con roll and if you have any
sort of bleeding wound you have
disadvantage I already have this
advantage here's a ring there's no dodge
in this Vince advantage because of our
ears or no no sorry for this you don't
have disadvantage no it's just a coral
yep
oh one oh man all of Tiana's characters
all right so here's what happens it got
in my mouth oh I'm still wearing the
mask of battle Oh make an appearance
here soon
everybody everybody else made the role
right yes so totally we kind of like
coated in green goo but you know you
missed it I missed it all right you you
don't feel well you guys feel fine other
than being covered in horrible yeah but
here's what what what happened it flew
up and it went everybody in it like
exploded but it didn't actually explode
and it drilled into your like the
exposure to goes right and it's like
drilling into your shoulder to that
wound just like whirring the wounds no I
mean I let out a shriek I'm sure you are
I'm sure you do this is how we'll wait
for the back of Paris right they have to
get over a plague what happens to me uh
you don't feel well yeah okay that was
that nerdling oh the one that was
concentrating you've got a gun you know
what they're utterly chaotic it's
totally random it's gonna blow yeah
still you fun
the universe has it out for you should
attempt to dodge roll Oh God oh all
right so a green beam zaps out at you
and you take four points of damage and
there's now again a connecting line
between you and the little nerdling on
the floor set the whole ship on fire so
I'm gonna be sure you okay so is Heisman
baby and I locked in a green goo yes
yeah all right so I'm gonna green baby
all right but I'm gonna kick it I'm so
angry that I don't kick it
all right 472 I'll make it do I break
free of the lock
you know what actually roll that again
without disadvantage because it is not
moving okay so you don't have to link
and it's it's not paying attention at
all still I don't know 55 still sucks
depending on your fighting brawl oh my
friend umbrellas the regular standard 25
okay so yeah that's not
so but no it rolled it did this is a
green line is still connected okay so it
this is so not good get it out like
guys see this thing as I show yeah it's
like it's like now it kind of looks like
the the guy that got stuck in a window
and like it's legs are here and you see
these little like fat pudgy green legs
like trying to kick its way in actually
based on the picture isn't it this fat
body just yes yeah it's like it's like a
maggot in there it's kind of my
characters have not had good luck with
but I think one is so much cuter look at
its little fat belly I'm gonna die I'm
gonna try to get this thing out of him
then drop the chair and just like go and
try to yank it out of my salary make oh
man grapple for all I mean it's it's
right in there yeah I'm gonna so really
what you're trying to what this role is
gonna be is avoiding damaging yourself
as much as possible you're gonna pull it
out mm-hmm the question is how much of
you you're gonna pull out with it fair
so I would accept either decks or
strength I think you know you could
make an argument for first aid I can
make a strong argument firm for like
medicine sure maybe yeah or poor first
aid there serve them this is more first
aid because you're like triaging yeah so
I'd accept first aid okay yes yes that
is a hard success all right with a hard
success you take one point of damage and
you pulled unlimited amount of your
shoulder out with it there's like
there's like a little bit of elastic as
you pull it out and I'm gonna like smash
it against the wall with my hand I can
with a hard success I'll let you make a
fight roll on it so make a fight roll
with disadvantaged er oh yes yeah don't
get deafened kids that's the lesson here
yeah
nah oh seven yeah seven yes so that's an
awesome rule right a couch is that like
one hit bad acidly one hand you ripped
the thing out of your shoulder and just
smash it against the wall yes finally
awesome that was great do need no more
of those that is the end of the round so
we're back to you finish we're all
definitely there's a little there's a
drill I'm connected to you with a little
nerdling he's got me yeah but it's easy
for you I just shoot him I got one more
like that deer shooting who's shootin
nerdling no okay all right you're
shooting the doctor yeah okay yes all
right
make me a con roll remember yes oh yeah
all right I got heart
roll your damage the nerdlings seemed
unperturbed by the noise lucky bastards
oh oh
three three okay he was super near death
so yep what what does his death look
like
just don't get any of them on me ya know
III I think it Peaks against the wall
behind all right yeah there's like a
it's like a Peckinpah movie yeah it's
like bits of green goo go splatter
against the wall and he like falls back
and then just slides down maybe a smear
yes on the wall and when he dies the
nerdlings pop out of existence that's
why I was going after them but it went
in your you feel like it's like with a
gargle alright and for ships crewmen
come down with boat hooks and a shotgun
right at this time and they bring the
whiskey before it's a timely reference
and they will you know they will once
once things are figured out here you
they're like Jeeves like form alpha
aleister crowley's like place up with
like a silver tray and a bottle of
whiskey like right behind the guys your
three-day much spin with the rest of the
ship like under medical care in your own
rooms yeah yeah and you get excellent
the doctor is like super apologetic and
he's like paying very close attention to
you those of you you - yeah you could
push it you could push our generation
wall which is pushing every door gonna
need
we're going up against a dragon wide
ocean is a freaking dragon it's a
sorcerer on a dragon if you get rid of a
little bit of luck to me that work 11.1
that's how it starts
[Laughter]
I'm just gonna watch you guys make us to
sing you know we're gonna need that so
does really the next time make it I mean
pushing pushing would be bad how many
bad you have 65 in con mic so much
chicken soup push it with those odds you
can't afford not to push it oh she's
been the lot I wouldn't spend a lot like
his cheap no it's not alright so starter
than that you will both get over a
really vicious flu yeah I like I'm like
soaking in a bathtub how yeah most of
the website in England so by the time
you get to England laid it on and you'll
each heal 10 points of damage
yeah yes anybody's still injured no no
you didn't take one point home you can
have like constantly stroke your
mustache you're rubbing alcohol now is I
want this character to show up so he has
to wear the mustache for like I'm about
to get a better muscle have one backup
mustache if anybody has recommendations
for mustache purveyors want something we
are in the market now yeah that's right
yes realistic would you though would be
good yeah alright so that that's gonna
end you're gonna make it to England and
you will be available to for the for the
for the real party when the Romania and
that are gonna be the last we see of the
left ordain society for a little while
so I thank you guys for bringing these
new characters here and for this
thank you for your likes your subscribes
to take a minute don't forget about that
big giveaway folks that just joined us
we have a big holiday giveaway if you
look I think it's holiday in that
holiday gave you all of the details
about it it's a chance to win a ton of
stuff from Nord games and from gale
force nine super cool stuff so check
that out please like subscribe find us
on youtube find our podcasts wherever
you find podcast stitcher and Spotify
ask.com iTunes Bigfoot Bella Vista Bing
it it's it's what was it it's a Great
Dane anxiety call of cthulhu you'll find
our stuff so thank you for spending part
of your weekend with us don't forget
Sunday tomorrow is carbon 21 85 is it
2187 or 2000 and 85 in f5 that number
makes much more sense carbon 21 85 hey
Warren Cheon is already bragging about
how how awesome she is some kill her
yeah tactics you could drive a there's
coming to play Friday Sunday carbon one
twenty two twenty one carbon 21 85
Monday its natural one start your week
off with a critical Fat Tuesday
it's the Kaos agents in the After
Effects doing a jig mushrooms which
couldn't possibly go wrong the Kaos
agents on well the campaign's on more
drugs windy Wednesday pandemic legacy
that's just a full week's entertainment
right there so spend your time with us
again we're the smallest business so I
can think of so Small Business Saturday
it's all it's all there yep
thanks a lot we will see you next time I
ended that on an up inflection so I'll
in you next time maybe I'll be here good
you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
