Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends and welcome to
quest and Cthulhu tonight
bad things happen yeah as opposed to
most other nights thank you so much for
joining us and spending part of your
weekend with us we really appreciate it
thank you for the twitch the likes the
subscribes YouTube
we just hit 2,000 subscribers which was
our goal for the end of the year so now
our new goal for the end of the year is
to bring me candy so just bring me candy
it's a goal I like it great we have
fruit snacks we are knocking goals out
wait fruit snacks or not no no no no all
right pour some chocolate on them in
just a few quick announcements
I our giveaway our giveaway is crazy
you guys have been entering left right
and center employees of course and
pardon me members of my sink chaos are
not eligible to enter but I it's the
empty stuff all right but it's a huge
pack gale force nine Nord games you may
know that in January there might be some
Nord Games stuff going on in here with
the little Cthulhu Bend which could be
fun
so keep entering that giveaway we've got
we're gonna have two grand prize winners
and they're gonna win a lot of stuff and
there and there's gonna be more
giveaways where we're doing it out this
holiday season it's it's poppin Urkel
has gifts for every day it's not each
winner will win at least $250 worth of
prizes from both nerd games and gale
force nine so that's a lot of stuff a
lot of money that's yeah oh my gosh yeah
you know with the current price of books
and stuff like that that's like two
books that's how much this masks one
point is all right yeah yeah
was that giveaway what I needed it so
keep keep on entering keep on giving us
your information which we won't no way
use negatively we've signed you up for
seven credit cards already but get in
our giveaway it is too good to pass up
the second thing of course our good
friends at Gordon Biersch continue to
sponsor us despite my letters asking
them not to until they make a root beer
that they can bring to us I'm living I'm
doing this under protest but boardy
here's the fine folks at Gordon Biersch
they keep our throats some of our
throats loose and ready to go they wet
our whistles as the kids said once upon
a time no children ever
it's the 20s of course they said that
I'm drunk I'd say anything if I was
drunk enough so I have one last
announcement that is a little bit of a
spoiler here so last two episodes ago
last episode in this continuity our good
friend Emma received a magic item that
Oh like all good magic items do
immediately after an hour attuned to her
personality and now is hers until it
decides it's not and who else
the Baroness that crazy crazy amazing
woman made the headdress of eyes for
Emma to wear and never take off you know
she also made Nick's mustache last week
and that also we had we had we had to
fight that off of him it was it was an
ugly scene but Francois now but I will
tell you that I was unaware of the
Baroness's plan and my beloved wife
Rachel came up with a headdress of eyes
from her on the sole you know on the one
but this was this was Rachel Rachel was
just excited to get this out of the
house but this was her conception of the
the headdress device so sure the
Baroness is handcrafted piece of jewelry
is nice and all but huh we should hang
that somewhere in the studio watching us
all the time my gosh so yeah amy has
emma has communed with a dark power
which you know that seems fine when we
last left this group of players it was a
lot of fun getting to know and almost
kill your backup characters last time I
probably gave at least one of them
emphysema I hope and this time you when
we left here we're in the mr. house and
it doesn't happen often but here it is
it's the battle map so you guys are
currently right about here by the
monolith in the circle we have the mr.
house here we have the stable over there
that's the monolith none of this disease
to scale because we're not gonna be
moving stuff around here
and when we ended good Lord Gavigan and
to parrot sharks had finally tired of
your insolence about time and where was
worse where's the where's the river or
the ocean right the ocean is way that
way I thought we were still fairly close
to the US and I remember anyway stop
your boat guy is not coming back until
the morning no it has the morning yeah
the Sun was rising we heard the boat
coming back and we looked over and then
that was right
at us and we were and we were pretty
close to the oceans I didn't think we
were at them so you can definitely see
the boat
it'll be over that way off the off the
map and you know we'll see what the boat
does when it sees dragons flying yeah
but the the other aspect of this is that
there is so Gavigan the two parrot
sharks
there are you believe you have cleaned
out all the song they've you've locked
the zombies basically in the house yes
when you when you ran in and started
searching for stuff with all the head
shots no man you you killed many of the
zombies shot just before just for
reference here is Edward Gavigan in all
his splendor with his two staves Wow
which he is holding on top of the dragon
I have a question is that like a t-shirt
with the ABS painted on yeah he has to
make checks to not fall off the dragon
exactly well that's what I'm riding like
this is yes there is no settle that is
for sure it would not be the first time
in Call of Cthulhu that Edward Gavigan
has died an ignominious in there is a
there's a whole bunch of threads if you
go to yog Sothoth calm one of the best
Cthulhu web sites out there where people
talk about like the sad fails of like
the you know the big bad guy that
fumbles the summoning roll and gets
eaten by whatever he was stumbling for
summoning or tries to cast a spell in
his head explodes there's there's a lot
of that sad stuff they're not this time
this time is gonna be different I can
tell so we are just gonna dive right
on a 90 Gavigan will start chanting on
an 80 so Donald runs back to cover which
I write is there a large tree nearby
so there the trees are cut around here
yeah this
this way goes to the coast you've got
the monolith yeah and then you've got a
bunch of little stone basically benches
around it the monolith we'll have to do
for cover all right dog the model list
will do for cover for maybe one of you
behind the monolith back out on a roll
they're insiders the guns okay so the
enrolls the gun back base around you get
to cover us taking the cover from
anybody else I just want to say that one
more time anyway yeah and you have
unloaded your arsenal
so next round you can draw whatever your
arsenal is and you can take a shot with
disadvantage when you're picking it up
if you're gonna try and snap fire a a
bolt-action rifle if you probably Walter
yeah that doesn't sound all right now is
do or die and get it get them good I'm
gonna I'm gonna pull daggers out and run
where are you running us towards the
flying okay well actually you don't
really have a you think okay how far
away are they from us there are good
ways away okay and they're about 25 feet
in the air so how's your throwing I'm
gonna say he's wrong firearms but
they're they're about about a thousand
feet from you okay and then about 25
feet in the air all right well I have my
shotgun I don't know if the ranges on
those things if we can try and cover
people how many guns spill out is for
weapons with her cool I need that one of
us could grab her so a regular shotgun
also the sawed-off with the short range
he has the bolt-action rifle and then
the pistol as well so you're going for
the rifle though he's going for the
rifle yes if some was a regular shotgun
well shotguns kind of bad at something
in the yeah well all of its kind of bad
at something in the air yeah but I take
it a pistol over this will be fine
what's the range on a shotgun huh
this shows it is yeah you've got it on
your sheet mine's been done sawed off is
is 510 yeah it's really hot so 25 feet
would be just the the outside edge of
the regular range for a shotgun okay
yeah I'm I guess I'm not gonna run close
am I I have a handgun I have my gun
yeah I'm gonna like drift a little bit
to it to donald's right maybe I'm just
just on the outside of the circle
god I hate to do this all right
everybody put a dye from your die you're
not gonna use so a d4 or something put a
dye on here to represent you and just
give me a general direction they said
not a d4 ODA we're not used enough this
is the Donald R all right so you are
behind cover this way no I was going to
the right so if he's facing or the
dragon yeah okay and have a hash I have
a shotgun out and when something gets
close enough that I can shoot it I'm
going to shoot at it which probably
won't be for a while all right
because honest no mess one a 70 the to
carat sharks will swoop down and they
are in the air coming towards you here
they have come so they're only about ten
feet in the air probably okay they
definitely you know they're flying is
kind of herky-jerky
and everybody make me a spot hidden role
just there and make a scene of a success
fifteen hard-hard extremely extreme you
just missed it you do miss both
definitely notice now that you so in
your head you've had these fantastical
sort of this is a dragon
whatever you look at the thing that
Gavigan is on whatever it has one wing
oh it's a you knowing it's held up by
sheer spite oh it's a you knowing
it's held up by spite so you you said
last time though that it wasn't the quiz
a coatl thing that I saw that's right
sir but with the one wing so it's a
different kind of thing with one way
great and it has a you know there's
almost something primate ish about it
it does not seem lizardy hmm flying
monkey and it's it's ginormous you know
there's a man riding on its back a
gorilla
alright those went down 60 is 65 alright
what are you doing so what I am going to
do mister cover here is I'm going to put
my hand on his back and I'm gonna hold
this up I'm gonna try to protect him
you know alright so use yeah you're
standing there and you hold that up and
it glows and it maybe glows like there's
a little flash from it as you hold it up
sure yeah the way away yes that is what
you are doing 60s 50s I'm gonna do
something to pick up a handgun okay and
I'm 10+2 45 Auto D 10+2 so who is it
okay if I shoot when I'm and hold out of
you the other you could what okay now
you'll have a pic with a pedestal yeah
I'm gonna happen because this round
you're gonna get a disadvantage a
penalty die then maybe I'll just wait
nature okay cuz I'm not have advantage
next round okay there you go so then do
I do anything for this to just hold it
out and make me a power old do it having
shot pistol shooting one hand at the
card wait is that a that's a 95 no 86 is
a foam block yes but so close that's
fine yeah that was 60s 50s waiting on
you - oh no you already went waiting on
Emma okay so I'm 40 just let you know um
so I'm gonna go back what kind of guns
do have left what kind of toy scene
a shotgun and a sawed-off shotgun
whatever's lighter the songs I'm gonna
be less useful well with the shot of
shotguns only good as something's right
close to you which is fine yeah it's all
gonna be close to you soon yeah too bad
and then I am going to talk to my
headdress and be like I got some trouble
right here in love shooting must run I
will make it so that Gavigan can't see
you but you must run run to where run
Boosh it's not that 70 so does not you
so it's not a cook it's not it hasn't ok
it's not forcing you to run but you were
eight idea you are terrified yes running
ok does seem like a great idea
ok and the the part that you feel that
it the part that you feel that that is
starting to like inculcate in you is
like and these guys are a great
diversion I should run that's that's the
message that you're getting also emma is
stupid but she's a loyal yeah I'm saying
no she's dumb and she plays dumb but she
feels like this was a bad idea because I
grab Joan and be like we gotta get out
of here we have to go like I start
pulling on Joan guards sorry oh well
yeah go we have to go no we're gonna die
he's gonna kill me for the thing yeah oh
he's good no we have to go I have some
good news for you this seems really dark
the good news is you have one
inspiration yeah we're gonna need that
no we had it from last time when we used
him so much up on our back is this where
you all live longingly into the cameras
[Laughter]
how's my first wait on this I'll give
you a let's see certainly motivated
right now I'm pulling on her sleeve like
me gotta go this is not this ain't no
sure you can make a persuader okay I'm
not gonna make it vintage
things make it that oh so close but not
all right so yeah Emma is just like we
have to go but we have to we have to
defend against the order the headband is
telling me to go oh what happened dear
headband gangster bows the headbands
persuasions yeah I am dress your name is
but I thought we came up with like a
little nickname ourselves no you came up
with a nickname I do not recognize you
we my blinking eyes what what happens if
I give this to Joan I think that you
need to get off my head I'm a tune to
you it's the immutable law of magic no
it's not no such thing of course
how many spell [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you have I'm
gonna try and take this off you it does
not come off come on how am I gonna wear
this with am i hearing this am i hear
you all you're hearing this her sign oh
yes yes maybe we should run yes let's
let's go around the side of the house
and we can talk to it I would love to
that sound like a good I have to it cuz
I do need to run okay let's go little
right sorry all right
I've already four going into training
Ella I'm that weird pink one yeah so you
guys yeah yes they both take off running
that way sir that's inspiring my thing
to help himself that goes with you yeah
radius how magic works all right that
was a top of the line up on a 90 Gavigan
bumbles whoo so you and you are still in
the circle no wait you have you I'm Jojo
need to make me Dex rolls zero for
regular success you both make it though
so Gavigan takes his staves and points
and throws them not doesn't throw them
but he points them at a monolith and out
of the monolith comes this horrible red
light that tries it feels like it tries
to grab both of you and it misses and
Gavigan like looks upset and see the red
light resist that was 90s 80s ISO
Donnell gets down in a kneeling position
and rifle out aims up trying to try to
shoot Gavigan okay so again you'll this
will be added with disadvantage oh okay
then I will take the turn to aim alright
so you will have advantage on your next
shot 80 70 95 I'm going to hmm I'm
gonna run toward the closest parrot
shark she ran that way yep well now I
know where they are
you'll make it about to the monolith
really yes this is love your this is a
large area no come back
that's dumb I'm gonna circle around the
the benches cuz I feel like I'm made
coming this way no the other way this
way yeah okay staying outside of the
circle yes and I close enough to take a
shot of that at the closest pair sure
you have a sawed-off shotgun I have a
regular shotgun
you can't it'll have a disability have a
penalty die for range
well how far away am I because I'm used
to these being five feet square sorry it
won't you'll need a hard success to hit
with the range now give it a shot
literally nope alright so KaBlam
buckshot goes all over everywhere one of
the Sharks kind of hmm 34 is a hard
roommate Wow some of us don't you are
out this
so this shark comes in here oh and who
should make a dodge roll I highly
recommend got that one quite an
inspiration not just dodge didn't
make the dodge I made my Dax you want to
use a inspiration you guys I would you
like to use your last inspiration not be
flown away yes I mean oh and then you
can steer him towards do you guys have
my so my dot my dodge is dodgy shoot
what's half of seventy five thirty
thirty nine yeah never made and I so
seldom do
oh no it's there it is yeah well now you
have a thirty-seven so I'd have to make
a thirty seven which is not great odds
I hate dodges these are anyway I think
we're running away it's the Bible I'm
game you guys are is that what I'm
hearing all right so yeah if you don't
okay it grabs you we're not gonna get
her anything
almost gingerly you take no damage and
it picks you up very carefully and it
starts flying up okay the other one will
swoop in here to get close to you guys
he's all yours
60s 65 yep so okay so we get it off my
yes yes daddy long side you got a
crowbar oh my god all right so you were
trying yes printer suede it cuz she says
she could talk to it
tally tell it that we can combine it
with yeah the symbol I don't wanna give
us more power how do we transmute you me
is to run why he's going to kill you
well not if we killed him first
that's preposterous come on we don't do
this just killing him for posture she's
really ought to be a way to defeat him
we can do it we can do it come overs God
do you even know what that beast he's
writing is it's I do okay run I mean is
this thing scared
it's just scared maybe he doesn't have
as many hours we think you're scared
maybe you should get off my head yeah
maybe as much power as he thinks make a
power roll do it try to reverse
psychology oh I do make it alright yeah
if he's scared maybe we don't want to
have him tell him down go I thought you
wanted to get into a good fight here
buddy we should use your power to get
stabbed yes
come on let it ooze yes you know you
wanna come on deep are you gonna learn a
spell
come on really wish to fight Gavin come
on yes
come on eyes very well Isley you knew it
blackout
okay her eyes yeah roll up into her head
okay and it looks like she's being
electrocuted oh my okay
can I can I'm gonna try to grab it say
come on don't hurt her it's her tonight
me okay you touch her yes make a power
rule oh no all right so you touch her
way and the Elder Sign is almost like a
misaligned magnet when you bring it to
her it likes your the Elder Sign slips
away from her okay it's it's like trying
to
a reverse polarity mass together they
won't go together no matter what you do
all right that was 60s 50s so I'm aiming
so I the one near him yeah I've never
seen that with them yeah okay yeah all
right don't don't aim it the one that's
carrying me I almost think I should we
don't okay you have advantage it's the
same all right and is it ten plus two
it's just a regular success though I
stink so
oh my you do a d-10 plus two speaking of
plus two you know I consider this like
spousal abuse my second favorite twitch
player sorry the Baroness she's gonna
keep giving you guys money the Paris is
my favorite thank you Rachel Rachel took
pity on you and gives you a thousand
[Music]
thank you thank you soon because she
doesn't want us to run away screaming
lessons learned services take from it
what you will
so you hit how much - alright so yeah
you you hit the thing and it it
definitely does not enjoy that 50s 40s
very much so I'm my eyeballs are in back
my head what happens you are being
transferred at a incredibly high rate
knowledge that you really don't want to
have okay
oh and so you now are like those aren't
parrot sharks those are Shan tanks and
you gain ten points of Cthulhu
Wow the thing you want to hear God kill
off Emma use the backup quickly I'm so
jacked I will say that up until this
moment Alexandria had the most
Methos I just got hugs oh that one
that's it
that would be another good YouTube quiz
the total party's Cthulhu I am so
jealous right now Josh and more than 10
now okay and does any other information
come with that or is it just like oh I
know their name that you learn a spell
for dispelling them okay you learn
revoke Shen tank it's actually the spell
has a much you leave the spell you learn
has a much more prosaic name like unbind
servant of the Pharaoh or something but
you lose man you lose to sanity I
welcome any 10 oh I wish I had some
inspiration I'm so glad you don't you
know what your inspiration sir where you
you are the wind beneath my wings if we
if we start that we get to start using
inspiration on damaged ice so you lose
to sanity and that's all this term
that's all that's happening that's nice
you're just you also take a point of
damage okay that's fine you from your
brain overheating I've got it
does the written firearm rule come into
effect yes so your plus 50 so you have
what a 130 right yeah Wow who's using
last turn together yeah yeah so you've
got to use about it you've got away for
Gavigan on the back of the flying ape
thing right you have an inch on the
shotgun fire hat so that's a 15 which
would be the the extreme success that
the better success whether they call it
hard or extremely so mean there so it
goes regular hard extreme fifties
extreme success of the firearm alright
so that is
that is double damage nice breakfast
damage is a 2d six plus four so you're
gonna roll 46 plus he did friends know I
need friends the greatest of roll
unfortunately but time five that's ten
plus eight eighteen
all right so yeah okay
so Gavigan he he says something he
says something in maybe Arabic I don't
know what and he like points and as he's
pointing you just like shoot him right
in the shoulder and he drops one of the
so and you yeah and like a stave goes
yeah going out of his hand and he
manages to grab it oh but that's all
he's gonna do this turn you have her
you have successfully disrupted whatever
he was doing and and he he is definitely
bleeding copiously out of his shoulder
so ninety Gavigan does nothing seventy
I'm gonna like turn as best as I can in
the parent sharks grip and and try and
try to stab it okay you will have
advantage on yeah that's a hard success
alright so that is max damage with a
hard success excellent and with my
stilettos that is six points of damage
okay so you like you know you're being
held gingerly in these claws and you
just look up and you go right to its
undercarriage there is you know yeah
it's always seemed like modeled feathers
mm-hmm but up close it's more like fur
and it's like fur under like leathery
skin and so you debt you your blade goes
in a little but not as much as you think
it should okay and everything's right
yes okay you're doing something else as
well I mean I mean what else am I going
to do how high how high up are you right
now I don't know and I suspect I'm going
to find out pretty soon
grab on I mean if I can almost live I
can only stab with one dagger and
probably like find something to hold on
to with my other hand yeah you can
easily do that okay we'll have a
strength roll Tuesday come on
strength is not good okay that was 70s
also on a 70 the one with you continues
to fly and it is flying up and this way
oh boy how are you up am I to this point
you're up just I won't miss Falkor and
[Laughter]
keep using daggers to climb up so you
see yeah Rima you're about 40 feet off
the ground now far enough of it falling
does not sound fun this is gonna hurt
no all right even with a 80 intelligence
all right the other parent shark Wow
make a dodge roll well did you get any
bonus play MacArthur on you know what
your bonus
[Applause]
yeah buddy the bonus and you said before
all right so yeah that gets rid of
letting the bonus die could take a month
and I
a man but I mean but now if you but but
so you didn't get a fumble so now you
you could if I do the inspiration to us
so did the Bonus Time
yes you get to re-roll the entire thing
second that seems like I mean I'm I am
best at melee you are better at range
which gives us a 23 grain success it's
just a regular success wait but if I
you need to be I can't beat that
all right so it makes you up make a
strength roll okay actually not ah
that's the weird thing is you are once
again struck as it picks you up it is
not trying to hurt you yeah no the
methods have failed 73 right so you
dropped the rifle from the shock of it
picking you up
and you're about five feet off the
ground it was supposed to protect him
haha if only it were there no if only it
were their sixties ears isn't near him
it's relatively great buy a decent throw
I would sixty sixty yes okay so she is
still as far as you can tell it looks
like okay by the way I just want to
take a moment and admired Joan's shirt
that is awesome yeah that's wonderful is
awesome thanks Ari continue to die
no no this is actually most likely to
survive out of all of us all right
well yes but this is this is this is why
she she's she's she says there's nothing
I can do for her right now this guy's
you are running it ok I got a crowbar
and I got a summer you've got a new
crowbar in an elder site so you'll make
it to about the circle alright but not
going in
no all right that was 60s 50s obviously
right memos
so do i snap out of it yes honor
initiative you will come out of it
alright I'm on a mission I was like
let's do this or like whatever I still
show that's the hip press says this is a
terrible idea
it's fantastic but I support you I'm mad
at it because it wouldn't come with me
what would be 10 feet the equivalent of
on board and step out so I can see
what's happening and start chanting
whatever casting to spell yeah it's
about maybe on your next we'll deal
with that ah the worst idea worst ever
but my headband is supporting me here's
the reason why I think it's the worst
idea if these things aren't under his
control what are they going to do but
make me a power so that's better
got one right here that's better I make
it alright there you feel fantastic
when yeah when when so you will have
advantage when you make the role next
time for this spell because because you
know of the kind and generous words of
the headdress of eyes for gentleness and
that's fine sweet inspiration we're
finally in sync
all right top of the line up so sorry so
yeah I actually do want to step out of
that horrible circle all right yeah you
can do that then you're not that high up
yet yeah I'm gonna go for take a shot at
that one oh all right I'm gonna make you
an offer okay
[Music]
okay wait what can take a disadvantage I
on this and now you're hitting Donald or
you can roll normally and if you miss
I'm gonna roll to see if you hit Donald
go for it because no pillow you doesn't
understand how good I am at missing with
guns
what's your shotgun my van isn't but I'm
using a cystal I'm just twenty five five
yeah so I mean do you want a 75% chance
to get shot with a forty frickin five
you're not gonna die or anything before
five don't live but they won't be pretty
and he might know so here's here's that
disadvantage dice all right yeah I don't
want to shoot you so yeah I don't I
wasn't gonna ready so blam you fire and
you miss but I feel like I contributed
yeah and I'm holding up they seem to be
avoiding you I know
because they're they're all Gavin you
are closest okay so both you and the
parrot shark need to make con roles nope
alright you lose four hit points you
get six departure uh-huh alright so
Gavigan like points his cane his his two
staves at you and the parrot shark mm-hm
and instead of energy going from Gavigan
to you energy goes from you to Gavigan
and the parrot shark squawks like it's
been hurt
make me a dex role yes all right
so momentarily as the parrot shark is
shocked its talons like kind of
flattened mm-hm and you just have enough
time to like grab and hold on I will did
you make a what kind of
did you make it was a regular success
okay Josh I have a hard then role of d66
alright you are out you grab on but you
are outside of its grasp
yes put a question mark on again a
question mark and I because I'm 40 feet
above the ground and I'm hanging on
marsh truth Richard get me close to the
water and then I'll have a reason and oh
and any well I don't know if anybody's
looking at Gavigan but yeah no no I'm
too busy not cold not going and there's
anyone looking might be yourself and try
out your try not to time try not to fall
off yeah yeah you've suddenly become
okay okay that was 90s 80s
all right so Donald will reach into his
pocket where he still has those that
lion with those claws we got from the
line yes oh very nice so he'll Pope all
right his hand into that thing pull it
out and then shove it into the movies
I'll give you just cuz that's cinematic
I'm gonna give you no disadvantage I'll
go with a fight unarmed so it's morning
good and 49 is a success all right so
this thing has disadvantage on its dodge
because you are attached yeah yeah
doesn't matter
roll your damage yeah yeah I believe
those are its plus D for the Weber that
would be this is it c4 damage yeah so it
does a d4 did you do that my claws are a
deep so you're gonna do a d6 + a t4 whoa
so that is 10 oh wow mari so you like
you like slip your hand in and they slip
it really easily you know it's like it's
almost like it was like right in the top
of your thing and you just come out and
you lash across it with the claws and
you see like the skin separating where
your claws
just slice through it and it make a
strength roll it does not you need to
make a dex roll because you're being
dropped so they shouldn't be too far
these three I will spend tuck and roll
alright I'm gonna make you an offer
oh you missed that roll I wanna make you
an offer but you can decide if you want
to spend luck after that you can take
that roll spend the luck and you will
land on the ground and take one point of
damage or you can take that roll spend
the luck and you can be held and you can
hold on to the thing or you could use
your last inspiration option a cuz he's
only about 10-15 feet underground he'll
fall lid on his feet from one day I
marry it so yes you you spend the luck
luck yes here we go if hold on oh you
could not spend the luck and take more
damage not a lot more you take a d3o
spin the log okay so you take one point
of damage from the fall and you sort of
land a little awkwardly but next round
you'll be back in it
parrot shark unhappy with ten points of
damage I'm sure that was that was 80s
70s pcs go first alright how far up are
about forty feet oh I'm gonna try to
like wrap my legs around the the top of
the claw just to hang on sure if that's
if that's the like if that's all you're
doing this round you can do that no
problem
I mean I would like to haven't in a bit
try and take a stab at it but but if I
if I'm just like trying to cling to the
things I badly do you want to kill the
thing carrying you at forty feet in the
air
just get on its back I mean if it's
better being taken back to being like a
sacrifice or something and why aren't
you just jumping cuz forty feets a long
way and maybe I can land on top if you
kill this thing you're gonna fall anyway
and it might fall on top of you it may
be Alexandra's panicked and not thinking
on mine but it seems to me like you
would have if if your thing is I need to
get off this thing yeah you know yeah my
religions either why are you stabbing it
together or is there anything under me
that and if I look guys are just like
flat open were there trees so you're
heading towards Gavigan
and it looks like it's wide open they
haven't moved yet oh I have a creepy a
you have a what well the appropriation
so gay is not only the stick but it's
also the guy tips yeah
if I fall into it visited any kids
education right
gambling education if I fall is it a
doctoral to see how I do
landing your I mean forty feet and
you're gonna take damage
yeah that's role will help with yes okay
since then I'm going to try to fall and
not take as much damage as possible look
like white wolf don't like role coat and
I go use your jacket is it alright yeah
yes okay my decks is 75 I rolled a 70
100 I don't like that look on his face
so this is half damage kind of take
eight points of damage
Jesus Christ so I might be deployed a
make a holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I got a critical
success alright so somehow a critic all
right with a critical success you take
you take the damage but you land on your
feet mmm-hmm and miraculously
nothing's broken nothing sprained you
don't have any sort of disadvantage or
anything going forward I'm just I'm just
like oh you do the sure thing and the
explosion goes off and also on a 70 the
one near you is gonna try and grab you
again so you should dodge braless and
dodge they kind of brought like punch
away yeah sure I like it
claws going this is filled claws Perry
that's a 15 alright so yeah this is a
parent you're not you're not gonna do
damage okay cuz you can't at uni it's a
hard success oh great okay so you not
only you very successfully fend that
thing off like it's it's a little it's
even
act up a little it's like sort of
reassessing as your claws come up
covered in its picker or whatever that
is gosh you just dropped it's got its
orders it's gonna go like it dive-bombs
you make me a dodge roll I'm gonna give
you advantage on this because of your
great role so now it would be a regular
success can you beat a regular success
only if I spend two points of luck which
I think it's worth it I'm gonna spend
the two points of luck Tim to get a
regular success keep using that look so
do you die oh no but every time there's
a luck roll you fail it you may you make
you you get you get a regular success
you dodge the dives like duck under it
it is now kind of close to your level
okay it like it like flew down really
quickly pulled up at the last second and
it's claws tried to grab you and you
dodged out of the way mm-hmm that was 70
60s 65 okay all right okay I got a
crowbar I got a mystic sign and I've got
a finger up near the ground right here
that's no no wrong one green yeah we're
near there what are you you come
running up are you a crowbar in it is
that what you're doing or are you
brandishing well this and I've got yes
so one you know there's passive actions
and there's active actions what is your
massive action my active action is is
whacking it with our anymore uh-huh you
moved up so you get a take a penalty die
on this and I get it alright alright
then I'll try to shove it in its face
get it away from Donald yep oh oh I wish
I didn't have that bad one oh okay all
right so you come running up hey you
know is there not bad yeah if I didn't
have that penalty though I'm dealing and
you are still you know you are still
Brandon to the the elder sign no
protecting him okay and yeah there we go
that's a 60s 50
yes I'm brandishing my elder sign and
I'm aiming did you fired last round
right yup yeah so you aim you can aim
and fire in the same round mmm oh do it
yeah okay well hold on you oh say you
want the advantage you get you want the
bonus die is what you're saying yeah I
mean extra dreaming with that yes okay
all right so what am i doing cuz I'm
chanting now make a power roll with
advantage all right 12 which is actually
it's a one off of an extremist success
so that's a hard success
so you step around the side of the house
and you start chanting in a language you
don't know doesn't matter make a sand
roll here we go regular then you lose
one point of sanity because when did you
learn ancient Sumerian or weightless
like everything else I'm just opening my
mouth and stuff is kind of very Emma
misses its role so yeah you you the
last syllable that you say thunders it
echoes across the field and this thing
just ceases to be whoa let's see five
power sorry
sorry five magic points I don't know
what oh do I take them off yes
what did I ever get those back no you
don't know have you ever gotten magic
points back no I don't even know if my
own could maybe talk to the headdress
you know kay alright so now we're back
to the top oh wait sorry you have the
headdress on you do not lose any metal
calls hey that's right cuz at the point
of the thing it's a battery so after
that I'm just gonna use a free action
and be like hey buddy you think this
noise
okay so yeah we're back to the top of
the lineup
Gavigan oh hey so 42 42 1000 which
sounds like oh where do you thought me
too yeah 40 over 42 42 a thousand bits
for corgis to show up and help the
rookies are the adorable they also have
little headbands you might the kidding
they were the other headdress of zombie
corgis coming out of the ground come and
help us I know before Sam checks what
are the corgis doing here now I would
really want calving in to summon zombie
Cora
alright Gavigan is going to oh there are
two of you
alright so both of you in the circle
make it's you and you make dex rolls all
right
and he a regular success we'll do it
we've done it for toes yeah you're like
critical ah nice okay no so the same the
same red light lashes out and you it
misses you you are in some sort of red
oh okay make a power roll we are on time
well I roll the wrong guy sorry I like
how they're specific dice for each thing
yeah the other ones so you don't get so
you are wrapped up by some sort of red
light and then you feel yourself being
being sort of
not strangled but these same yeah
there's definitely a but you also you
don't you feel like something it was
trying to take something from you and it
couldn't
so that was 90s 80s alright well Donald
reach for that rifle again okay alright
so you could fire with disadvantage so
he instead Hill said this turn to aim
again okay yep so yeah you grabbed the
rifle and you are aiming alright
70s I'm gonna spend the entirety of my
action and movement just running to away
from the parish or back circle well
around the circle because I've seen the
red light a couple of times now this way
or that way that way so like you're
about there yeah okay alright make me a
spot hidden role oh that is a fumble sir
hmm okay the spot hidden yeah okay oh no
I'm Jesus get him out just get him out
on this you are acutely aware oh you
know the shark that the parrot shirt
that was the Shann tank that was on you
as soon as you're gone
it cuz it goes next it shoots out like a
cannon and you watch helplessly as it
grabs with what the hell is the
fisherman's name Sheamus it grabs
so we don't know on the part of the cut
[Laughter]
you determined yeah
Alexander has taken a lot of lives but
this guy was an innocent and trying to
help us this is something that would
bother her alright so make me a Sandra
yeah nope you lose one sanity okay did
buddy that much yes I mean it
bothered me okay wonderful
let's see to but he's right if 42:42 was
named after the old the 80s rock band
level four
- huh rolling huh I think it's probably
oh yeah Amy doesn't know eighties bands
before her time a little bit I think
it's probably a reference to
Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy but
they cool to them alright so yeah that
was seventies sixties yeah okay I'm in a
little you drove them away
yes well nice I'm having a big Red Cloud
thing though right now is true fine yes
of course I am I'm going to try to push
it into the red okay make me offer me
a role role I like it I'll take it
it's very no all right so you like try
and like jam this thing else against
there and it's you know light is diffuse
and you can't really figure out like
where this thing is
and yeah that goes that goes there it's
these fifties I'm gonna try to attach my
sign to one of the things wrapped around
Joan okay which will move me into the
second or nothing go wrong nothing could
possibly go wrong right green roll dice
you tell me what those dice are formed
what are you trying like she used brawl
which told me how she was trying in
there what are you gonna use day I mean
I guess if it's yeah if I'm just trying
to touch it - all right so you're just
gingerly because this one's larger yeah
alright so more surface area that's the
whole point
uh nope all right so yeah close yeah
again lighten diffuse it's all very
tricky okay so do I get like a free
action and an action you want to you
haven't taken all of the DND references
tonight my fault just jumping on it
constant jumping on that dream what tell
me what you want to do so I would like
to I don't know how this works so I'm
gonna do the spell again
okay other parrot shark okay and then
before I do that though I just screamed
to these guys
duh we have to break the obelisk
all right in a very judgy way yeah
exactly my suggestion dynamite he's the
Dynamite's over at the poker bar you got
a cup o you wrapped up and all right see
all right so because of the range you're
gonna need an extreme success on the
towel roll all right let's see if this
happens and sadly the the approval of
your headdress nope
all right they know okay buddy my
headdress should have liked my sarcasm I
feel like we're on that same Jersey and
a little shitty I'm still jealous on a
90 Gavigan Gavigan smiles and says
finally a sacrifice and the red tendril
around you solidifies and and flashes so
you and you who are right there and you
you like see this thing come into being
and it like goes and there's like a
flash of red light make me a power
rule god okay Fred oh yeah okay hard six
hours success or a dream extreme stream
hole hole all right with an extreme
success so it flashes and then your
elder sign flashes brighter and the red
tendril is gone
fiddlesticks how he's men
yes Ebonics Network all right that was
90 days I know girl at four zero nine
zero nine so which would be the is that
extreme it's the extreme success all
right that's double damage again get a
match I'm gonna need to borrow those two
friends which ones will do 6s be sixes
oh you as my cards too it's forty six
plus eight
so oh dang eleven twelve plus six is 18
plus 8 is 24 what do you think waste of
damage all right
[Laughter]
come on so he will definitely fall off
you like you you Blake take off he's
wearing a silly head not a not an
awesome and you who blow that off along
with a part of his head and he will make
that rule but miss the important one
with the 98 and he just like falls over
backwards off of the dragon work off of
me off of the horrible beast and he
falls 25 feet and there is a sickening
thud
and somewhere over here under a horrible
creature is the human-shaped horrible
creature yes all right that wasn't a T
that was a hell of a shot
70s good job my dude Wow let's be honest
damage props where props were they are
do indeed I have seen him fall but I
don't want to get close to the flying
thing okay especially with three hit
points left so I'm gonna like circle
around the circle to try and get closer
to my friends without going into the
thing all right
so so you stop caring about Seamus I
can't get to Seamus okay okay
so that's a yes yeah sixty well it's our
office now if his head's out of this no
kill the obelisk killer all right you're
gonna crowbar the habla that we could
make it alright some you so this role is
not a two-hit role this is how much this
is a sort of damage role so make me a
fight or make your crowbar roll okay one
p6 + not damage roll roll like it's not
doing it's just gonna tell me how much
damage you're doing okay it's silly to
give objects hit points I don't actually
I get my roll of 47 so that's a regular
success it's not it's 40 is right all
right so you like you chip a couple
pieces on you know this is this is solid
you know this has been around since yet
forever yes yes so you you definitely
take a look chunk out of it but I'm
No all right so you like you hammer your
crowbar in there mixing your metaphors
and there's like almost like static
electricity as you're as you're touching
it you feel like if if it weren't for
the elder sign you might have taken some
damage there okay all right that was
sixties fifties I don't know do we
really want to destroy this yes yeah I
mean if he's got as a picture they tried
to get me I'm gonna destroy it we don't
give it that she used it to try to get
you right but he I saw part his head
come on right but if there's more people
like him
furnitures us your it's our sacrifice so
I bicker this round Oh
93 my dude I got a 41 so I got a 14 and
of course response would have been nice
around all the really low when I'm
bickering with you alright so that was
sixties 50 noses right so I'm going to
I'm gonna go for Gavigan alright so you
will make it about here that's fine I
know that you are scrupulously staying
out of the circle yep all right all
everybody in the circle make me a power
all right this is what in that circle oh
my god very very big pal success holding
out that other side it
I'm sick so extreme success yeah regular
are hard Oh regular no no my path 25
yes oh yeah but so regular success yeah
[Laughter]
all right you lose one magic point oh I
know I said 13 so I have 12 I don't gain
that do I gain it all right so this
Gavigan moving it's dark I can't see and
your attention is really taken by a huge
flying monstrosity okay it's still
flying up there it's not doing anything
it didn't do any it's it seems confused
if you you know at the risk of
anthropomorphizing ancient evils I think
that will grab the rifle and start to
run towards where you have against body
is all right so you're out okay okay
that was 80 70s that's me you first aid
honestly yes cuz I met three hit points
I don't like this I mean I can't say
that I'll make it I would like to try
and first aid myself out okay you can do
that make a rule yes critical success
alright a critical success yes sir so
she misses like punch it Chewie sixties
all right I'm gonna go after it sooner
we could use it hit it kill it we could
use it to make elder son oh oh I've
gotten through to you 99
all right so you strike a blow for the
ages
this is like a John Henry like hammer
blow you split the model in in Twain and
there is an immediate explosion so what
am i rolling so you two have
disadvantage on this very important Dex
roll you two have a regular old you have
advantage you know my luck doesn't
matter
nuts to you sir so I'm two away from
making it I'll spend - look I like it
just keep telling yourself your luck
doesn't matter all right don't make all
right so think I've made a lot a
typed-in there's just like an arcing
explosion through everything
oh wait sorry that's you right that's me
and you have advantage over me Roland
imagine if you make it a minute so you
get your two points a lot back I'm sorry
you're at home right there groans yeah
you to a disadvantage you ever read they
were both now out of the radius - right
there is you both made it yes yeah yeah
so you are each gonna take six points of
damage you to move and yes Rick you are
blown against the wall of mr. house it's
gone yep
mrs. till the six no no no you're gonna
take 13 points Janice okay launches I
got one you like and now make me a con
roll oh my god I'm like oh my con is
good um
famous last mo word [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no she knocked
out all right so you if we can both
try you like exactly
against both the wall and your how bad
you miss only by far points okay you're
um sure then it'll be upper body like
your shoulder you like your shoulder
hits the thing and your left shoulder
basically your left arm is useless right
now okay and probably broken collarbone
and and yeah you are like in immense
amount play there's a little box on your
character sheet that says major wound
sure buy your hit points there yeah oh
yeah check that off okay so and there's
so major wounds are they are a you know
a the first time you would die you take
a major wound if you've already got a
major wound then your dad so that is
that okay you two both made your roles
yes
so you're gonna take the four points of
damage and so grateful that I made that
first circle yes cuz I would be I would
be unconscious at this point if I did
and you're far enough away that you
don't get blown to far okay like stagger
back but but but hype so behind you was
just this amazing release of energy and
the ground is scorched on this entire
circle like the ground is sort is
scorched yes and there is now a red beam
just shoot it up into the heavens
okay anyone else think that might call
other problems on top of us you did this
[Laughter]
that was 60s 50s going to try and do
first aid alright so you could you like
on the other one
I swap places yes we swap I play from
tourniquet around your neck I can't
quite get so you go unconscious
okay so incredibly poorly times shiatsu
massager on the collarbone make me a
power 100k when you fall unconscious oh
yeah that's fine not not anything just
regular success okay
nothing happens okay that was 60s 50
that was Harry's you are unconscious you
didn't even need to try and kill us I'll
try we'll show you how to kill us
[Laughter]
79 is a fail all right nothing's fine
check here everything's fine used up all
the bad luck on these dice though yeah
uh neither of you need a spot hidden
rolled you two will need to need it to
see it but human that parrot shark like
lets out a horrible squawk and just
falls
hmm okay okay with poor guy in is sure
yes into the water the water yeah you're
she has your cut it was 90% 90% I mean a
hearty old sea captain I did but I'm at
60 it's something at least all right
that was 90s 80s ism is Gavigan getting
up you have not seen Gavigan that's what
you were looking you were looking for
him you have not seen him oh good to run
in the direction where he fell okay so
you'd like this like over here there's
light you're kind of backlit right now
there's no like he's totally in the dark
the the the horrible thing in the sky
tends to be is a portal opening tell me
four portals opening huh I mean you
haven't seen one yet
okay well such as long as so Donald's
charging towards her again again fell
trying to find him all right good he's
alive I'm gonna make you saw I didn't
79 is not gonna be good enough all right
what is your spot hidden my son is 54
which is usually gonna be nuts yeah I
mean logistic and it's advantage 33 yes
all right so you got Gavigan is now
standing and he has like with that role
you'll see that like he had both of his
staves pointed at that parrot shark so
once I see him standing immediately
kneeled to the ground rifle out begin to
aim okay no problem no problem
eighties 70 75 you do not know Gavigan
is I mean you know he's up but they
don't know where he is he's pinpointed
him okay but I do know that he's up and
around no only in the sense that he's a
supervillain and and I understand story
yeah it's gone and I'm pretty sure he
died in the explosion that hit all of us
is the Parrish truck moving at all can I
sit can I tell no it's quite good okay
and I imagine Seamus is quite dead under
me do you want help with Gavin yeah more
help yeah right the direct line is
the you know it might be safe to go on
the circle now no probably not
I got I just got blasted by a wave of
energy coming out of that thing breaking
I'm gonna give it as wide a circle as
possible right while running after
Donald right so you'll make it around
the side there 70 60s Joey she's turning
blue all right yeah no I'm going to try
I'm gonna try that the first date on
earth all right so you're gonna first
date ever God have you fumbled to kind
of character oh boy that would be the
worst you know hard six extreme success
alright so a me when she is done healing
herself while getting six points back
we've backs and we'll tell her we'll
tell her her eyes will sort of flutter
open and there will be a there will be
an Emma immersing shot that's how it's
done I'm trying to actually I'm turning
around trying to get a grasp where's my
I'm looking for my dropped Elder Sign
and I'm drunk because I kept flung into
a wall it's it's in the circle
oh I yeah slowly creep towards I try and
gauge with this horrible all right light
are you entering the circle put her hand
in yeah everything seems fine okay foot
in everything seems fine I step all the
way in everything seems fine no no you
want to pick up my other side right so
yeah you you will find it close to where
the monolith used to be as you are close
you see that this red line it's not a
perfectly straight shut up there's like
a wavering through it almost like a a
sine wave mm it's a signal that is but
it's just shooting straight up into you
and you look up and there's cloud there
there the clouds that are up there are
starting to like weirdly funnel around
all portals
No you got six points back and then I
use the other time to cast seal portal
which I know I will that let me next hey
I've done it now 50s you're you flutter
awake okay what do I see that's
happening now in front of my eyes is
Gavin dead
you have Gavin is over there somewhere
nobody's confirmed that he's alive or
dead silvano is like looking at the he
picked up his elder sign it now he's
looking at the red light it is oh boy
and Joan is Joan is schooling all of you
in first aid yes okay that one girl -
finally somebody have fun dear
headdress excitedly thank you I'm glad
you finally addressed me with some
respect I really feel like we're yeah
we're coming together yeah as a solid
needs you now you don't want to take me
off right well I've shown you the power
yeah I get the power but sometimes it
has to do the outfit I got everything
dragon there sir
I'm not going with that what do you mean
dragon well I don't know that one wing
thing that looks like a monkey
a dragon reptile whatever that sort of
lurking about what's that all about
you mean arcus sure is that his name
it's a great name it yes that is that
thing is called arcus okay so how does
arcus go back to where our cos came from
and this red thing like what is with
this red thing is this gonna be here why
is that there why what happened to the
monolith will be destroyed it
why did you do that well cuz isn't that
you stop all this crazy ritual nonsense
and the zombies and the Gavigan did you
man on here you know what's in this head
of mine it's a 20 intelligence sir that
monolith was holding the call back
what do you mean the call what's the
call after all there are do you even
understand what ley lines are kind of
there are areas of power uh-huh
throughout the world can arc and in some
places they're concentrated England
seems to have a number of them for some
reason there's a bad teeth but this area
was a ritual that was consecrated to
summon nigh on earth Oh tab uh-oh
this is the first time we've heard that
name well you haven't heard it it's only
my head with my brain you get bad ones
you micro him as the black Pharaohs well
yeah we talk every once in a while
things happen you have talked to now
yeah of course but so you're saying it's
bad he calls me so anyway so the red
line is not good - like can I take my
belt off and like wrap this thing back
up like what what happened oops you
sorry how do I undo this sorry
I mean you destroyed the monolith well
sort of I mean you can see this you've
got eyes hey rut you need to run oh hold
on
what's his name Marcus Argus Marcus
Argus I mean Argus needs to go home
alright let's go home that is the
ravager of worlds he has no home are you
sure cos he ravaged where'd he come from
here we send him back there
look I don't have time to get to teach
you all the things you don't know that's
a lot you really don't
that kind of time I'm gonna tell you
right now that you have opened a beacon
- oopsie sorry you need to run no how do
I undo this how you need to make a new
monolith what do I look like a stone
worker we know it's not my fault that
the ridiculous things you have done can
only be solved it's partially your fault
because you can see what I'm doing you
know what I'm you know what's up here
you know what I'm doing you should be
like you shouldn't do that because this
will have you didn't do it if you had
gone to do that I would have shocked the
hell out of you sort of like
psychotropic drug sort of therapy where
it's like don't do that don't do that
I'm very well versed in modern
psychology it's literally like living
with my mother don't do that don't touch
that
so I mean you yes you have a chance to
get away from this the idiots that have
done this are doomed you can get away
right yeah I can get away but what about
the rest of the world what happens if I
shove arcus in there and stuff them in
and seal it up like a little paste how
do you plan on shoving the Ravager of
worlds I don't know treats make up our
rule it's like your training I didn't
want to have to do this I'm assuming
direct comm I actually do make a heart
success all right
you feel a weird like electricity and
and you have it there's like a a one
second you know like I should run and
then it's gone okay huh good ideas don't
seem to work
[Laughter]
ideas don't seem to work on you that's
nicely done thank you so so so a
headdress of eyes I really need like a
redemptive moment here you just got to
help me you I mean I've already
accidentally destroyed the world once
wait what what are you what don't you
know everything oh yeah I didn't know
that yeah exactly don't give me what -
like it's a big shock that I
accidentally destroyed the world i well
you asked me not to bring it up anymore
well yeah but I'm ringing up now so I'm
asking you to be a friend to be a pal
you know since we see eye to eye what is
happening here with the red light and
the things and the black Pharaohs gonna
show up you have not brought this on
again if you had tried to bring this on
I would have stopped you can we actor in
this conversation - use the other sign -
anything next to me that is Joe okay
once again is looking longingly I know I
all right I wouldn't just ask you
moment like I screwed this up one more
time I've screwed over the world you
didn't you tell you brought me redeem
myself frickin Rachel this is to help
you build a new model it's not gonna
think thank you again she's not a
stonemason but we know a stonemason we
all of the money on you look your
addictive moment is to survive this
my redemptive oh my god do you mean no
sacrifice what terrible idea
sacrifice is dumb no it's not
sacrificing yourself in order to save
humanity as a just cause there's got to
be something just girls I'm I'm gonna
wait a few minutes and try and take you
over again as my free action if I have
it free sure yeah so Emma will just
scream right like so you see this like
rapid-fire conversation it's almost
going faster than you can follow and
then limit just goes I'm like scrambling
you know my feet and just try go get all
your right this run jump your mania 90s
[Music]
Gavigan will in in that weird voice that
seems to carry so I mean all know that
Gavigan is around I hate him he says
something in a language you don't
understand but you clearly hear the word
arcus crap darkus yeah everybody hears
the word arcus both of us don't know
what that means
so I do that's the little dragon guy
here are you Sarkis and I start looking
for like biscuits or whatnot like chroma
room probably have some beef jerky
destroyed Sarkis who'd kind of just been
circling almost in a if he's dead I'm
not on the hook anymore sort of way like
when Gavin does that artist like a and
he will what did you are a solid he will
make it through I didn't roll Louis
yammerin he makes the spot hidden role
he's going to die bomb you you should
make a daughter will make the dummy all
you need to normal and I'd like to
inspire that if that would be okay
you should not get getting eaten by the
devourer of worlds is a healthy in your
own world
Oh point five success all right so
Marcus comes roaring down and like it's
one of those like as he gets closer he
just gets bigger and bigger and bigger
and it's clear that he is somewhat uh
you know I don't know if it's unwieldy
or something but he just smashes into
the ground and like creates a furrow
next to you and then just pulls back up
and whips around and you are very glad
you made that role yes and you're up 80
I took a shot and Gavigan with a pic uh
your I'll still give you the advantage
yes since you made such a good dog Oh
so that is a thirty which is just a
which is a hard success hard to guess
that's max damage so that is 480 16 it's
16 yeah
all right so Gavigan had clearly healed
you know he some of his wounds were gone
you just reopened said you like to shoot
him in the gut and he likes staggers
down holds on to his staves but he like
damn him staggers down and yeah okay
that was 70s I'm gonna keep running
towards where where I heard the shot
going alright so you won't you can make
it up to him alright dramatic purposes
60s and I can I can see Gavigan at this
point
sure alright she's telling us to run but
it's like but no we've got to we've got
to finish this and and and do I know
that by breaking this I did a bad thing
oh you have to roll for that
yeah I did a bad thing yeah wasn't you
this time you were not a feather it
seemed great so far yeah yeah no it
seemed bad you're in there mm-hmm I'm
gonna go in with this and see if we can
heal it all right so you're getting
forward already yep and 50s
yeah I'm just first slowly and carefully
cuz I don't wanna fingering burn-off
that's when I'm in Spock in the warp
core yeah then you straighten your
sweater and walk into the wall
but yeah I'm moving forward with the
elder signs ER and seeing all right make
me a power roll I mean I make oh I will
roll dice warp out roll some dice Oh on
the dock yes okay I'm gonna make you an
offer okay I take it no mm-hmm expended
this elder sign and seal this red beam
or or you can him you can block it for
you know as long as you hold it there
those are your two options so you like
come running up and there's like um
there's resistance and you like push
down and when it hits the ground
mmm there's like suction it goes right
into the ground and the elder sign is
imbedded the professor all right we're
back to Emma nobody's run okay but the
beams gone they listen to you I don't
know I nobody listens to me I mean
you've obviously been in this nugget not
great things come out of my mouth tell
it the beam is gone yep so can you you
can't see anything can you
I'm the headdress of
eyes so you see that the beam is gone
everything's fine right everything is
fine you're the blind one
whatever it's not fine the devourer of
worlds well I told you we were gonna
we're gonna give it a Triscuit we're
gonna like it and then just maybe make
it go away hey I don't know or I'm
starting to think that you get whatever
you deserve partially yes it's not like
[Laughter]
it looks really good I get the devourer
of worlds out of here I mean I told you
like Argos you know can't will do i what
do I have to do to get rid of it kill
Gavigan that's that's a great start okay
and if you kill Gavigan I will truly be
yours well yeah I know that and he's
gonna die anyway but like how do we get
rid of Argos well once Gavin Gavigan
must have bound him mm-hmm and so once
Gavigan is dead he's free Marcus is no
longer bound yep and if you are not
interesting to him he'll just go away I
mean that's one hope I mean where can I
send him to because you said he does
where is you don't want look this to be
his I'm really powerful mm-hmm
I can't send Argos anywhere okay
somebody like Gavigan can send arcus
somewhere Oh Gavin get the tool in more
ways really Gavigan is one of the most
powerful sorcerers world it's God he's
so even though he without my extremely
potent addition to his powers okay fine
fine fine
you should run no make a power roll here
we go there's a boat just it and it's
free now with explosives on it that's
terrible that's already five
so yes you I mean you don't care about
boy that there should be there should be
the catchphrase of this game stupid eyes
and inspiration won't help you there no
it won't that was not a fumble you can
tell her that wasn't I just we don't
have that much lag have one two two two
I mean here's the thing I screw
everything up anyway both with the
headdress without the headdress with the
dice without the dice I mean can I just
be friendly start stomping around going
I don't want to go I want to tell Argus
what to do I don't want to go gabions
not that cool
I took the headdress from Gavigan I'm so
much better than Gavin failed the role
ah you want it now you can you know you
can not you can like slink away instead
of run so you're not moving quite us
stomp around the house like yell you're
just like God Jenna I don't want to
leave do we all hear this yeah yeah
actually you two are look focus on this
game yeah and I'm sorry though some of
the information that I know about
awareness and the fact that like Gavin
is the most powerful with this is
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz unfortunately there are
most of them are all your your
exposition is mr. can I keep your garden
gnome [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you kick a dead zombie as
you're walking yeah alright back to top
gam again is that no the monolith is
gone
rifles hmm I detest them and he'll like
point one of his stabs at you you should
make a dodge roll
I will 14 sauces all right
that's the hard success damn he got a
heart as well so yeah that there is a a
just a chill goes through your entire
body briefly like you know like you just
had the world's shortest flu all right
Marcus will arcus will start chanting
what in a booming monstrous voice arcus
begins to speak words that have not been
uttered in this world since mankind
since man was an ape crap that make
those words that like terrify you words
that like make your lizard brain trigger
just like curl if I go No all right a
tease shoot him to test you more shots -
let's see if we can get this back
finally it's a 60 that's not that's not
success at nine that's a fumble that's
all right so both action rifles were you
know they were you what is the
malfunction number on your bolt-action
rifle is it zero zero okay so so your
rifle isn't broken but you jammed so
you're gonna spend next round ejecting
the jammed cartridge and getting a new
cartridges don't almost throw he's gonna
throw the gun and he's going to use the
claws and just charge
I hope all right that'll happen next
round sweet that was 87 tease me I'm
gonna I'm still running and I'm still
running that
Gavigan with with my daggers alright um
make a make a sand roll [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nope
alright so wasn't human but you are not
you're not running I'm like the the this
you know you are you like have every
intention of just charging but the
ravager of world's everything's going on
you're more sort of like it's almost
like there's pressure in the air and
you're like pushing forward resolutely
you know you want to go for it but you
are not charging okay so you'll get
halfway there
okay so I'm just like pushing through it
as hard as I can
yeah thirty sixties alright so he's he's
got that handled she's running away you
know I'm gonna go try anything about
source yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm gonna go
try to grab her because she's got
obviously she's got the idea to the
knowledge obviously I don't don't so
Morris you sorry yeah you'll you'll
you'll come running up cuz Emma was
fighting the the escaping so like you
turned the corner right his image just
like kicks the head of a zombie off
no please like and 60s 50s I can I do
percentage I'm broken I'm just kind of
like not not can I just take the 45
I just unload in the direction of the
darkest yeah alright yeah make me so
this is gonna be extreme so you're gonna
need a you're gonna need a hard success
no no there's no way that would wait no
but no no hard hard that's hard
yeah you you have shot orcas good okay
and it's a d-10 what's two plus two
yeah well well
freakin damage all right well well
struck
then I throw this sure that's that's
what does it and purring Orchestra
making roll perfect carcasses caught as
more than a hundred so this makes a con
roll yeah and there are days when I
wonder what we're doing Marcus will keep
art like a roar goes into the words that
arcus is saying an angry roar I was
hoping you don't think it was gonna
forget for a second out well you've also
given him several chances to heal it's
probably okay kids but you'll notice his
healing comes at the cost of others
that's the only way that he can heal so
yeah you just blasted the heck out of
him that was so weird back to use
alright you can you can you can either
continue what you're doing or you can
make a power roll to try and do
something now so I'm gonna make a power
all to be right I'm 22 so I definitely
work my heart's yes yeah you were back
so I'm completely annoyed is that die
still and play out there know that okay
so I turn around and just go full-on
running back alright alright Arcas
finishing a yam 90 arcus finishes
whatever he was saying and the last
syllable just roars out of him in a
deafening volume and everyone including
Gavigan needs to make a power rule yes
that's of just barely wait you guys tell
me - all right I could curl up around
the other side so you three minute
attempting me anymore it's protecting
the world alright if you made it yeah
you take a pass out
oh me too Gavigan is vacation yeah
Gavigan do against that you take two
points of damage Gavigan seems to take
some damage there if you made it you
made it that yeah you failed it you wish
to get as far away from arcus few kicks
you are you are shaken to that you take
the two points of damage and you are
shaken to the core of your being you
will you will not approach arcus okay
and anarchists in in in his worms all of
you runs you don't know how he knows
what worms are Gavigan will I've taken
that damage Gavigan starts Gavigan runs
that way and as Gavigan runs i think
we're gonna take a break thank you
so we will be back just as soon as five
people can use one bathroom and we'll
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
all right welcome back we it's all going
down so away before we went to break
edward Gavigan slipped off into the
woods
the ravager of worlds has filled several
of you with primeval terror and we've
lost an elder sign that is now
protecting the earth waste I mean just
it's just gonna get luck destroy again I
mean why do I take it back and yeah I
think we ended at the end of the
initiative with Emma because she just
turned in ran on a ninety something
happens also on a ninety arcus Arcis
almost it seems like he's responding to
something he really it let's be honest
it it says too long have you held me in
thrall no longer and arcus will rock it
forward and just smash through the
misser house
whoa my retirement home crashes through
and it's like swooping back around oh
wow please say has a bunch of the ropes
on worms that was ninety eighty wherever
was Gavin went Donald's chasing him okay
uh so and since our kiss isn't over
there anymore we're not
yeah actually you want to run I will
make you an offer
oh you can you can run after Gavigan and
your track will not you know your your
any idea of
ham will be at this will have a penalty
die or you can try and you can try and
calm yourself they'll probably be a
small cost but you can then make your
track roll with as a regular trap roll
hmm
I think Donald would just chase after
him regardless I thought the keys
because you only attract roll with
disadvantage to the track that is a
skill and space which is 10% all right
so it's a disadvantage yeah it's going
well well not so that is ace well this
is zero eight or a 68 to 98 that's a 98
that's a 9 it isn't you run into the
woods you just plugs into the woods and
everything looks the same
you're just like you you have no your
you're hopelessly lost in you know
probably about 15 feet from the clearing
but you're just hopelessly lost all
right that was 80 70s so what kind of a
role is it to try and calm myself to
chase after Santa you're all using that
against you do something yes unless you
want to fire in the air unless you want
no let me that's the one that makes the
most sense unfortunately unless I want
to try and like use education to reason
myself out of things kind of hard with
the dragon tore through a house he's
over there
I decide I'd like you moved me not oh
you're garnet are our exacting
yeah line of sight is it I'll take a
shot at the at the sand roll all right
yes that was a hard success all right so
yeah man you can make a track roll at a
regular truck door yeah I have the bass
home in let's put inspiration where's
the seat game hunter when you need
oh you mean the mustache I didn't make
it but it wasn't a fumble all right so
you think your following you know the
direction that you can went and not
crashing through breaking everything
right right the professor just the
professor so yes
Emma just like spun on a dime and ran
away yeah she's gone without avoiding
you yeah I know her
I think evidently doesn't like me it
doesn't want to come with me so anyway I
wonder if this guy is persuadable to
help us so you wish to discuss - do you
wish to convince the devourer of worlds
there's no way there's no wrong you
should use the crowbar cuz nothing can
go wrong
crowbars involved well it's like you
know no it's seriously I'm gonna try to
persuade all right him is he you know go
with us help us get rid of that guy oh
he's nice
[Music]
yeah didn't get it
it didn't didn't do I so but I choked
before I mean morbid part of me yeah I
don't work nothing like that there is
there is not even a an acknowledgement
of your words that is not an argument
in your favor in this room yeah I hear
you
just yeah an utter disregard of the cuny
once join us more it really that bad guy
60s 50s
yeah I'm looking on the ground for
pieces of this yes so the model have
almost literally split in Twain
from this chunk and so there's like two
sides it could probably make a few small
elder signs you notice that so when it's
split in half about three-quarters of
the monolith was kind of hollow mmm-hmm
and there was like almost like burn
insight that it was like it was like I
don't know it was emits heat or
something but there was there was a the
core of the of the monolith was Hollow
hmm something well I cut some pieces off
of it earlier too
yeah there are a couple shards but
nothing nothing like excite but but so
and you also you do notice with this you
do notice that there are hieroglyphics
on both sides of the of the monolith
come I didn't see that and yeah that's
going after yeah alright I've got the
headdress I told you so neener neener
neener
so the headdress asks you what you want
what do you mean in general yeah why why
are you chasing after Cadogan you've won
what if I won though I mean first off
hmm don't you agree with me finish and a
little bit of me wants to grab him by
the knot if he had a shirt on a shirt
collar and be like look at me now so
this is self-aggrandizement a little bit
but I'm just saying yes nope left left
Oh getting warmer yeah the headdress is
like helping you find I'm screaming my
eyes I'm like skipping yeah
like is the happiest you she's covered
in blood and like her her shoulder is
like hanging at it like under shoulders
and but she is like somehow energized
and like skipping into the woods going
let's get him well this someone's
happier on a 90 something happens also
on a 90 arcus arkose alights on the
building next to you okay
he is immense and he looks at you okay
you'll please have not fallen on deaf
ears
which stone what stone what's done you
talking about the veneer brandishes when
you're waving around asking to the
devourer of worlds does not treat with
simpletons there okay look there are
several the rocks around here we are you
looking are finished and he will shoot
there you go
yeah he shoots up in the air and he he
that was 90s 80s no it was absolutely
crazy but if she knows where he is I'm
gonna follow her all right I'm gonna
give you a
I'll give you a listen role to get back
on the track all right this is 53 would
success okay so yeah you are you are
getting back on the track that was 80
70s I'll give you a listen roll with
advantage if you want to follow yeah as
well yeah
47 if you haven't checked it off make
sure you check off listen yeah check all
right so yeah the three of you are kind
of honing in Emma seems to know exactly
where to go and you know what there are
crazier things in this world at the
moment and Emma knowing what's with the
right way possibly clear the rifle while
I'm running may be that is very hard
pistol okay and oh wait you threw the
rifle yeah so I'll drop my I believe
your pistol was taken yep nothing all
you ever your closet is a shot off you
took the shot there's bits of how to
cause yeah yeah you've got both your
claws on yeah all right
Thundercats go blogger Hollander oh boy
eighties references there yeah sort of
my sort of my corner hey wait until I go
into mask or gem in the Holograms no she
truly outrageous truly truly alright so
yeah that's you guys that's you guys
sixties yes yes yes do I see the the
fallen shotgun that's on the other side
oh the right way over there okay long
shotgun his cities on sitting honor
there's an empty 45 right yeah I'm gonna
I was gonna run after them but I was
gonna see if I could there was anything
I could pick up on the way that's all
No all right yeah you don't see anything
so you're gonna say it off follow them
all right you'll be get behind them and
I'm here now just sitting in a field I'm
you know I'm gonna take one of the the
parts I'm gonna start dragging it
towards the boat just kind of like I
don't know what else to do I can't deal
with you yeah the MA it's quite heavy
but you're just dragging I'm just taking
my damn yeah you're dragging it towards
the boat you guys we'll be back before I
think all right I'm still going after
Gavin so we're gonna come out of
initiatives okay and are you sure
because I told you if I get him by the
shirt colors you come out of it issues
so and here's the scene that we come to
Gavigan is bloodied and is limping and
well actually you wouldn't see that he's
limping when you come to you come you
first come into a clearing Gavigan is
sitting kind of stumbled over and his
hand is wide open with five fingers and
he's touching the air you know in a very
peculiar way that seems like there's
pressure and he's speaking Chinese okay
he's very like you know sort of a raspy
kind of you know he's clearly very in a
very bad way but he's speaking Chinese
okay so I go and slap his hand and be
like enough of this sir all right look
who's in charge now I think we're back
in initiative you - will you - we'll be
in after this round okay the headdress
says he was communicating with who do we
know so I grabbed him by his non shirt
collar like by the throat yeah okay so
he has a higher initiative than you okay
make
to do to do to do to do okay yeah make a
spot hit and roll okay god bless it
literally could spend some look know
that's ten points of luck I mean you
don't need to see it it's gonna be bad
whatever it is is gonna try and hurt you
I mean isn't enough that I know that
he's talking to Shanghai I mean we all
kind of know that right no all right so
I'm back on my so I'm back in my sort of
like alright baby now so you you don't
so you don't notice that both of the
staves are shoved in the ground okay
next to him okay and he just looks up at
you and he'll yeah he looks up at you
and he just keeps speaking he says in in
Chinese dude do either of you three
yeah that's he like he you you slap his
hand and he just like has this like
self-satisfied smirk on his face right
and Argus the arcus and sort of the last
thing before that you guys come in the
clearing right as you hear him saying
and then you can take it he's just
continuing to speak in Chinese Shanghai
knows we're coming
I just I slapped them the Egyptians did
I need I basically pull all of the
things so I could role play through this
like I slap him I'm like I have the
headdress I'm more powerful than you now
Wow yeah you are
he's backing me up I'm like stop boy
you're touching down yeah I will I've
been on him back kicking I'm like
slapping right and he is like he's like
who's really speaking in Chinese well
she is just like you know putting the
pro wrestling boots to him like I want
to know what people on the other end of
the line or see and like she is gone
she's just like she's not even doing
she's not even like this is not damage
this is humiliating
that's what exactly what it's amazing
you need to respect the fact that I have
your headdress and I'm smarter than you
and I did it better than you so entirely
fine unless you're gonna stop her
Donnell don't want to stop her but he
wants it very quietly come up to her
Gavigan is being insulted and take the
claws and pressed them against his
throat and then pushed him through is
what he wants to do I don't know what
I'm all about coming in and killing this
guy are you kidding just just without a
word with a comment just and him okay
sure so you are like you know you've now
knocked him to the ground and you like
kick him on the shoulder and and there's
what there's like a second where he sees
you coming and he just smiles and he
says I have talked to Cairo as well and
then you just go I just shovel yeah
don't even kend Edward Gavigan he's
right there please his last oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though how do we call a Vargas he
was in control of artists all right
Vargas every Judas she says that there
is a horrible deal work oh god no not my
fault he's free he'll do what he wishes
to do eyes I need some help
how do I get how do i how do I control
Argus what did he do to control Argus
you are kiss do you know the spell bind
ravager of world's well no you talk
either do i forth oven Shantay there are
three people in the entire universe that
we've gotta get to that thing in destroy
and we're gonna get eaten at the same
time we feed him so how do we feed him
can I just give him does he like
chocolate no chocolate okay right I'm so
glad I heard that part of the car I'm
gonna stop answering stupid questions I
know I'm panicked I'm sorry I don't know
what's happened to Emma all I know it
looks like
that's amazing through you and your
coming here and a small boy who's just
sitting on a on a tree like a tree rich
yeah you come through and it says I like
your stone Oh and okay so I see him say
what are you doing here I'm looking for
arcus he's my friend our kiss is your
friend would you be able to take him
home with that stone second chances we
can make more it's back to so generous
so you would be able to take him away
from here with the stone what I'd be
able to take him away from here with
this stone that's funny
mmm I had to ask though really do he
really needs to go away actually talk no
sigh I know just think about this yeah
my psyche isn't all that great laughter
I said what can I do
this guy's enchanted me I'm like wow he
knows about the stone he knows about
Argos do well I have no idea what's
going on over there
nope you promised me to take him far
away from here
he will not be seen on this planet again
good deal
what is your name little one or what
name can you give me little one
Marcus Marcus Marcus oh no no no no your
name Marcus I Marcus the Ravager of
worlds oh if I give you this you you'll
go away and you promised okay I'm gonna
I'm going to see should I doubt the word
of the ravager of worlds I've been lied
to by a lot of things it seems recently
um can I use like is this the second
time you will insult like if you're
walking like a child
no I'm gonna help you I really do but
I'm waiting clear what I want you
continue to find misguided games I'm not
trying to play try Gilliam I hear you as
a child because that is how you seem to
think I appear are you not listening to
me I'm trying to help
what part of trying to help was
pretending like I did not you did not
know what stone you possessed that was
willful Oh cuz you are scary I can be
infinitely scarier I wished that stone
give it to me I will not take it and so
this is a little boy is still saying yes
but it ain't not little toy a voice say
please please move your hand this is the
third time oh come on why do you give
conditions to the Ravager of worlds what
hubris
are you giving the stone to the kid is
he saying thank you again they're
reaching hard is he Beach no no this is
not how it's like that's why as I say I
just wanted to help and I'll help you
I'll give it to me he takes the stone
and disappears instantly I'll take the
stone this is how keepers deal with
magic items and I mean you know you feel
reasonably like you know have done a
good thing they're getting rid of what I
mean and and yeah there's no more sign
of there's no more sign of arcus so yeah
we'll come out you know now there's the
high level what are you doing with
Gavigan you you've all get like so the
these are the montage that has to show
his father you're coming back from the
boat after having taken the first one
there it's now probably 9:00 in the
morning playing daily you weren't all
like just you're all the walking dead
you're like trudging everywhere your
exhaust Gavigan stabs we take all right
wrap remember we'll take those ideally a
dozens pockets will check those keys
other things we could take sure there
were some keys yeah just case we need
we should burn the body I think and then
once we finish that we will chop to burn
him just get rid of it I know find like
fallen so ranches so yeah so here's the
and correct me if I'm taking some some
visual liberties here because I think
it's a good image you're coming back
from the ship after having just dropped
the first one off and the first person
out of the forest is is the professor
who comes walking out and is like
looking at her hand where there's not a
stone anymore not saying anything not
can't can't
no very close behind her first out of
the forest is Emma who's have
a heated conversation with herself okay
some semblance of normality and then
Alexandra who's kind of like like
looking back every once in a while
sort of a little ashen and finally Donal
comes out with these Lion claws and just
dragging Gavigan 'he's dead yeah okay I
mean dead though yeah and I imagine I'm
Lyn thinks I'm at three hit points look
like you're limping not an ass a
exhausted yes yes and any food that was
in the house drilling this morning like
everything hurts
yeah the mr. house is smoking and you
know has has basically been had a cannon
shot through it you know a very large
cannon
and so it is it is you know it is
probably gonna be really hard to search
for anything in there yeah but what
about zombies can finally look in the
stable yeah dispatch any undead stuff
are you there yes they're gone so yeah
we're I mean what are you doing so after
the body is too taken care of
what are you are chopping up a human
being and burning them my god you could
go straight to the earning and avoid the
trouble the entirely unnecessary moves
get ahead and lethal and before we burn
I have you know in the circle chopped a
person up it's possible in your line of
weird we didn't have been in the New
York City actually after our little
Alexandria has cut up in burned bodies
before yeah yeah I have nothing we knew
would you guys it's still not dragging
the other half yeah he's taking the
model in the boat he's gonna be really
upset when there's a car in the stable
can I start starting this they've got
the hieroglyphs on it and stuff - yeah
so make me a hieroglyph rule maybe get
some materials and make some rubbings of
it do I have a regular success okay so
you know this is going to be a longer
process but it's clear that you you get
the words seal no yes you would once
again you get the word seal you get the
word a word that you don't I mean the
gnarley' so tip hmm oh boy and and you
get the word sanctum hmm hmm so that
would be sort of the start of what you
get there kind of and yeah that's what
you're doing in there chopping up a body
okay yeah what not a part of this so are
they are you aware that they are
chopping that body up yeah and I'm just
walking away cuz I'm just too tired I
can't care anymore
I mean she's seen me do stuff like that
before we worth one line pause before
they once he's on fire and suppose if I
want to bring these two items as two
rods over to Emma's character Emma you
should take those bring those to hell
with those you will be one of the most
powerful sorcerers on this planet bro I
got a job but okay whatever you have yes
you have a job and your job is to
possess those staves okay fine for my
purse you need to attune okay so I just
I pack and why I'm like yeah that's nice
whatever I wife said yeah I heard you
oh yes I make it alright yeah you were
you resist the compulsion to say to me
what smack this thing off my head
no that's what you'd like to do yeah I
don't know if I see that I'm gonna be so
[Laughter]
there's this ongoing scene of like Emma
gaining all this arcane power they
present you the Charlie Brown but then I
wouldn't have Jonah I was like make sure
you get a rubbing of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I've
totally forgot where I was going before
the whole what did I get to be okay yeah
all right I was like whatever because I
feel like and correct me if I'm wrong I
mean it's better than even on its what
you're wrong yeah I know but like if we
don't get a rubbing of this are there
these are there let me back it up yes
are there some of these in other places
monoliths that yeah I'm sure yeah there
are with exactly these words and things
like that like we should know what these
words sure certainly those words but I
know they usually it depends on what
they are ceiling or what they are
containing you know the words are
specific to that you can you realize
that to become the sorcerer that you
have the potential to become you need to
do some reading okay can i okay time out
I can read later are we mmm-hmm you can
but you need to learn she's gonna say
o'clock Joan read for me schools like
he tutored me and then I turned the
papers in Joanie Professor moon I'm
sorry
distinguish one of many eyes I'm just
concerned about the fact that like we're
just leaving this here like this
and it's gonna go on auction and
somebody else is gonna live here and
well as long as they don't remove that
stone everything's fine well yeah but
that's the problem I mean you've met me
right and most people are like me just
you know whatever you're not the one
that broke the monolith was that you
saying that but I feel partially
responsible if not somewhat fifty to a
hundred percent responsible when I said
break it okay if we had to break on the
statistics of my responsibility I'd say
fifty to a hundred percent of all things
that go wrong start with right here
okay but let's back that up so how do I
stop this from like I don't know other
people removing this thing can we bury
it so it stays here covered in something
else
zombie corpses all that is retired she's
the sign the sign will seal that okay if
the sign is removed then got it so
somebody should actually move the entire
obelisk itself but as long as the sign
is within the obelisk it'll remain
the sign is currently I'm gonna use
language you will understand him the
sign is currently plugging the hole got
it got it but if I move the pole if I
move the entire plug itself to other
parts would it's not a monolith has no
more power here got it understood the
sign is performing all of the copy not
understand thank you thank you for the
plug-in whole analogy please never say
that again please
[Laughter]
I can read your thoughts I know so we're
talking except I like to talk out loud
even though I know you can read my
thoughts yes I know you guys can search
search the stable I do want to check the
stable so in the stable you find a
number of you find there's a truck you
find a side room that has 10,000 pounds
and a number of fake passports for
Edward Gavin with different names for
Edward Gavigan thousand pound sterling
yeah so we're we're gonna want to
actually buy this up when it goes on
auction we're not gonna want to i'm not
let that attorney from new york by this
discussion yeah let's have this
discussion yeah how about we take the
truck leaving have discussion elsewhere
this could be our new base yeah no I
have people who might be able to take
care of this for me really yeah I'm
gonna write to a very influential friend
and see if they can come and pick this
out hey hey wait the the mister house or
the obelisk itself so I it's drag the
oculus has already been moved off the
pieces up yeah it was supposed to to and
I yeah to the boat know that the obelisk
has no the obelisk is now just stone the
sign is what needs like no one can move
this I told you it was plucky what part
of essentially I thought it was very
clear and it's this is a much easier
thing to move than the other thing okay
essentially we want to make sure that we
are the ones who have possession of this
property so you don't ask dumb questions
like no maybe you could convince the
church to buy it well that's kind of
what what my point was is that we take
this property over yeah yeah yeah I'd
let you make I'd let you offer me a role
to try and convince the church probably
some persuade or charm or intimidate do
you have any idea what's gonna happen if
you don't buy this what about religion
all you're looking for
spiritual reason compels you to find
this path I mean she I mean she knows
about the ley lines I'll I'll give you
well that would that is the opposite of
a religion this is the site of great
power notice the fact that it's an
extremely sacrilegious space with devil
worshipers and so I can give them any
reason really know you like cuz they
like an extreme success if I role
religion yeah yeah you so you sell them
on this devil worshipping thing and yes
place needs to be kept quiet shut down
the church is going to buy this land and
they will you know they will consecrate
it there will need exorcisms and and we
can we can vacation here I'm gonna
figure out what to do about this this
this thing is because we looking but we
don't a tree on it or something we don't
have to read it but as long as they know
and stuff is kept off of there and it's
buried yeah and you're the dirt you know
there are very clear descriptions given
to the church that the Horta see will
see to it yes they you know they'll
they'll refer this will become a new
like a new Priory or so yes yeah where
there's restricted access yet nobody's
allowed on that site there will be a
building over it'll be concreted out you
know you do well actually no I'm not
gonna say anything okay mmm what is what
is Lattimore solution what what other
what other is there anything else you
want to do here or are you heading out
do we want to drive from here ship keep
it in mind that it will be a stolen
vehicle but either way we can drive it
abandon us and then walk the rest of the
way with ten thousand pound sterling I
mean obviously we're taking the time to
bills it's not it's not pretty heavy
it's a full briefcase I didn't want to
be want to do this but I go look for the
body of the Nick wants to save you guys
some sanity you find like a cross body
of Donnell
this is Donnell you find you find the
crush body of Sheamus and you like give
him a little burial and I'm gonna give
you for sanity back damn I messed up
your jerks yep yes we are that's true
that was focused on removing the the
sorcerer from this world and priorities
and yeah so you know you can load up a
truck with you know what the stuff you
found and you know the the headdress
will bug you every once in a while about
the staves okay so so where where are we
driving to are we driving to straight
back to London no we need to pack up our
stuff actually I would recommend that we
only drive part of the way stash the
vehicle go get our stuff normal
transport the magic to take the train
yeah not sure if she do with the boat to
be honest now that I'm drift that's what
happens with the boat there is a fair
amount of there are at least there are
two bundles of dynamite in the stables
so we're taking that too I mean the
dynamite on the boat how many came back
with yeah oh yeah oh sorry the dynamite
to the boat no yes yes I know might on
the boat
my man the boat should we take that or
not what are we gonna do it with the
okay I'll carry the damn obelisks over
to the to the truck yeah well we can't
bring the truck over so we don't have to
carry him all the way over yeah it's
pretty good okay sweet sweet all right
good we still have the odd list I don't
think we can smuggle dynamite around not
out of the country yeah I don't think
well we need to go to Cairo next and
diplomatic immunity we could dispose of
the boat boat to Cairo waiting for us
yes oh she could get us there also right
there too also though for everyone who
wasn't there when this was happening
someone in Cairo knows that we're that
we are here what happened and our names
and Shanghai and Shanghai so so it may
be worthwhile at this point to start
using false names as much as we always
do only when we get hotels no we need we
need to travel under false names as much
as we physically can but we can't get
out of the country with false name yeah
it's very hard most of you don't have
false identification less we look like
Gavigan I just put on the headdress I
think I think at least the two rooms
have false I had false identity identity
unless you had said specifically it
wasn't really ever set up so I'll give
you both luck roles do you know it
wouldn't hurt to take some time and work
this stuff out but false identifications
yeah let's not rush into the next no I
mean if you if you make the luck roll
you have them we'd like ready to go but
the the rest of us success right so you
have yes actually the IRA terrorists
probably has that this mess you don't
seem Italian mr. Marconi so just on my
mother's side can I point out that this
mess won't be handled for weeks if not
months so there will be actual police
maybe at a certain point looking you're
very far away from anything we're far
away that then and this doesn't seem
like a place that's typically lived in
but how many days before somebody says
oh Gavigan is missing like that kids
that would happen more often yes that
that happens therefore they'd be like oh
he went to his house in the country oh
let's go to the house back her carrier
is like well there were these fun
we should we should kidnap the kid sauce
you gonna get tires in this location
yeah we may have to do something out of
it it's a good kid slow-mo killing a
dream we should get him to send into
Egypt is what we should do that is the
dream can it convince him it's time to
go visit family mm-hmm something like
that he's a good kid but we can't have
him telling the coppers what we're doing
what's he gonna say the third time you
kidnap him you just you just turned the
corner we don't have to worry about
fingerprints we don't have to worry
about any of that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and and that's
exactly I don't think there's anything
that really ties us here you're famous
yep yep that was any rest in peace yes I
mean there's if the two guys are still
around I thought they got crushed in the
car okay let's go take care of it
and also and the only other thing that
kind of tight is the old lady the old
lady yeah Donna literally everything
hurts
somehow my eyelash is hurt I say we slow
boat to Africa we're gonna cut them off
oh yeah you could just go directly to
Kenya yeah why don't we take this boat
back to London and then use the
now this would not be a fun now sail to
London the boat they're probably like
the size of this room ya know it's a
small fishing right we could take the
truck cause nobody's gonna say it's been
stolen
I mean it's very easy to take the train
once you get to what's it called sorry
yeah I mean we just go back pack up our
things and it's been a lovely stay let's
get outta here go back to London pad or
thing let's get out of here yes we get
pieces cash done enough let's just not
well so you don't take in 2000 we can
take it but then we're gonna say mind
the Train how we gonna do that you won't
spend it straight you can you wrap it up
we Frank it's gonna train you okay like
you can carry it's easy to get a chest
and put it in there and okay because I
keep thinking it's bigger than that
gotcha gotcha yeah the model was not
like I mean now it's much smaller this
yes okay the other Ellen says no to
chassis trains III would like to point
out that this money that we have found
will probably pay for a false
identification for the rest of us that
10,000 pounds will get you like air
tight all of you will have air tight
false IDs what's mine oh I'm gonna can I
roll the Eagle to kind of figure out
what our timeline is for god damn it
whoa so ask the question at all so my
question is so like when is this gonna
go on
kind of like when is somebody gonna
figure out how many days so what day is
it so it's Sunday morning yeah what I
don't know is February 8th and so
therefore how many days when is when was
when somebody this long to run for
sports Gaffigan this thing was supposed
to happen on the 8th so when do we think
he was gonna supposed to be back to work
do you think he'd go back to on the 9th
or the 10th or something like that no
idea yeah but you know you figure at
most three days yeah so probably around
Wednesday or Thursday he would have been
reported missing and people would start
to investigate it so somewhere by Friday
we need to be out of town because people
will be like oh yeah he was with
so-and-so
how fast can your presence seamus are
gonna notice
missing probably 12 hours or so far
fewer people are gonna kill Kara shame
is disappearing I know we make a big
stink in the bar as far as hiring
shamers didn't Sheamus like not good you
know he realized this was crime from the
beginning yeah yeah
and Sheamus is buddies who are involved
with Sheamus aren't gonna necessarily
tag us right away so if we could get
back on a train tonight to London good
what you can easily do you've got the
drug for five days we're out Scott's
good thing is is that we are driving his
truck so just a little transition okay
yeah yeah well we'll abandoned when were
a couple miles from the town yep sure
yeah you can sew ins you get back to
London it is the evening of the 8th the
8th all right when you get back in mr
i--'s I'm gonna have to I don't know
look like a normal person it's like in
your ponytail dude well yeah we're in
twine now you made it almost at the end
of the show all right so we're probably
gonna want to get Donald's contact on
making false identities Church yeah so
you you pay him
you pay the expedited fee yes they
will be ready by rush we can take some
time they will be ready by the 11th okay
I want I want them to be done by the
11th so we can be on a boat or a train
I'll pay as much as necessary to get if
so again my view if you get rid of that
10,000 pound sterling you will all five
have airtight and never questioned
perfect fake ID let's keep some of that
money yeah yeah thank you
if we if we never have to roll a look to
see whether or not our identities are
are secure I am in favor of this
never ask any questions about your IDs
cool checks you often find our
investigation how many hit points to go
you're back with in between so I thought
so up until the eleventh you're gonna
get three points back
yeah I flopped down my one who go for
medical care
I hear that England's national health
services are lovely is it you know that
was after World War two health service
oh sorry but you can't well then you're
screwed by know if you want to go for
professional help you can you can do
that you can you know you can the
Donalds got any your guy with the ten
thousand he'll find you somebody under
the table okay thank you that can i have
actually tried to do first date on my
seller yeah to you yes to me gentle
tourniquet around the neck nope
yeah alright so with that i will give
you each let's say here with secret docs
you'll each get four more points back
cool so you're basically spending the
ninth the tenth and the eleventh
recuperated yes yes and we are and we
are in the backup hotel and under the
backup that under under false names okay
because yeah sure should we go do we how
do we contact Sahara and let her know
that we're ready to go post probably
okay so you know where her shop yes yeah
but we really don't want to go there
yeah yeah there you go connect ourselves
and we need to send like a double secret
telegram
we all have secret identities now so
alright so yeah what you basically do
you want to set up a meeting with her or
if you want just let her know that we'd
like to leave by Friday okay
Friday the 13th there's no way that
that's all week that's how she will tell
you to meet her at the blue pyramid Club
on the 12th the evening of the 12th the
blue Barrowman club you will remember is
was a possible location of interest in
the idea of American murders yes yeah
cuz I remembered Mahoney was like we
were gonna probably go on a date there
yep
memory he would have been nice oh well
do you want is are you gonna do anything
success 21 you you actually got your
rifle you win like the truck is about to
take off and don't like wait a minute
but he goes running back and buy a new
one but I know where your 45 is that's
right there thank you
so yeah with that lesson you recover you
find your arsenal excellent if do you
want to give back the sawed-off shotgun
sure I'll be like it's on this end of
the house go get it good really spread
out your arsenal okay so yeah you the
evening of the 12th comes are you all
going to the blue pyramid Club why not
the club yeah have some drinks yeah if
there's yeah
Oh for the 12th you'll all get one more
point back yeah and yes you come in and
sitting at a table is your buddies or
Asha fee look who's sort of will stand
up there's a dresser by no I saw
everything
nine-year-old there we go there she is
man she takes in her and she just looks
at you expectantly and actually no you
know what when you come in she'll like
look at the bartender and she'll make a
symbol and you'll be taken to a private
room okay it's just we can speak more
freely here perfect excellent
is it done yes it's done you thought the
word about I cannot express to you how
thankful I am for all that you have done
if there is ever anything you need
please let me know a method to restore
one soul we can talk
so before but before Gavigan passed on
he was in contact with someone in
Shanghai in Cairo they are aware of
what's going on I think huh so it's not
gonna be as clean as we were hoping
Gavigan is gone sure and along with some
enormous flying thing in the sky that he
came in on it was an interesting day
Gaffigan had an airplane no it was a
beast
some sort of I don't need I need a drink
yeah same heard nothing think about us
while we were there well you know what
yeah circus I didn't I never heard
anything
his name is Argus
Marcus okay I I mean I've I've heard
that name used in books it's a fairy
tale to scare children well it was it's
really real really big really angry and
caused a hell of a lot of damage what
happened to it what oh yes we go to it I
persuaded it and it it
my buddy orcas yeah yeah I gave him I
gave him the sign I gave the sign no I
gave him the sign and he took off you
gave it a rock you carved and that's
always wanted well that's what it said
it needed so I let him have it whatever
works part of my soul was in that room
so part of your soul helped dollar has a
part of my soul have we gotten drinks at
this point yeah we're all building a
tolerance over my trying not to
well if if he was communicating with
them then what is your next step we
is that expedition right is that the
next step so where did the expedition go
after here with the Grove Kokoda car
they went to Cairo yeah that's right and
- Kenya yes to Kenya after that on V on
holiday
oddly enough and then we understand that
potentially there were sightings of
other individuals who had made it to
Shanghai even though they were
supposedly deceased at that point in
time mm-hmm well I I mean can I help how
can I help
well you know people in Cairo yes mm-hmm
is there anyone that we could just
possibly have heard they're expecting us
in Cairo could you get us there secretly
so they don't call me she already made
that agreement was I can yes this low
boat and not only that didn't you
promise us a meeting with a gentleman at
a museum yes I was eating a thing his
name is his name is yes a thing it's
it's a rare dude who's a man mosque
alica for if it's yes tula and she also
suggested yes that you visit the mosque
so I have a question with all due
respect everybody make a spot that's a
zero - yeah that's just good success
so yeah credibility who got more than a
hard success so in the YouTube no just
regular you to notice that surah is
trying to conceal it but she keeps
looking at the headdress I'm not wearing
it I just you do not take the headdress
[Music]
but in all fairness I've seen a lot of
people have a hard time not focusing on
the headdress yes especially when the
eyes blink people around us have to make
sanity check oh nice fancy hat to not be
that well yes that one come on
I mean know your designs are really
overdressed for almost any situation
yeah mister of eyes I'm telling you that
we either just go to shopping sir sir
eyes and many eyes of headdress so you
just having this conversation right and
this no this is prior to purchase we
have this conversation about how I
should appropriate the headdress with my
current wardrobe and we have like an
entire montage during those three days
how to like wardrobe this anybody hats
and that sort of thing
to try and make it less obnoxious cuz
it's obnoxious I mean for the 20s I have
a I have a different opinion obviously
yeah yeah I know you do but you
obviously don't have an eye for fashion
so I am all I have is eyes exactly but
anyway so long story short what I'm
trying to be attracted to is that that
was wearing a number of a successive
number of like large hats well luckily
you're in England the home of weird
large hats
exactly and I mean when we're in like
Cairo and Kenya it'll fit it'll be fine
you'll just be another white person
wearing inappropriate looks like a
flapper I mean the headdress of eyes is
not Egyptian it is - it's not like oh
that's Egyptian or oh that's Celtic or
oh it's whatever it doesn't seem to be
of a time or place no I just is okay so
she's looking at it yeah I know it's
obnoxious I can't it whatever
all right and Gavigan is dead correct
it's oh I will make sure that you are
taken to Cairo in the most concealed
quiet manner possible
excellent you're also gonna have to
chaperone us cuz we can't do that on our
own and and that talk what about
restoring aa lost parts of one's soul oh
well you know what okay I will go with
you
- to Cairo if that's I mean it sounds
like that's what you want
you said chaperone well somebody's a
jammer oh I see I think we can't behave
or else yeah I mean I can I can send
with you one of my trusted lieutenants
and I can I mean do you need a couple
thank you for the offer
we'd have to take care of em - no it's
they can't protect us from ourselves
I wish you weren't as right as you are
about that somebody could stop us from
being asked that is also an excellent
someone stop us from being us is I get
strong strong contender - oh Lord
one of the only people crazy enough to
take on the job so that's how this plays
out
so yeah she'll offer you know I mean she
seems not thrilled about the idea of
going with you but she'll
but she'll also offer to send if you
want like one of her trusted lieutenant
yeah yeah we need somebody who can help
us with you know getting through kind of
like a fixity
yeah well and possibly someone to be a
translator yes yeah I think I can do
some but yeah so and she'll tell you
that in Cairo they called them Drago min
okay who are the the local guides for
foreigners and most of them are
criminals and you know will lead you
into an alley goddamn address at this
point but you know she'll make sure that
you have a guy going with you a guy
Akmala will go with you
alright good good for once I'm gonna
write down a name yep yes come on when I
get a chance to speak to her privately I
would like to speak to her privately all
right I'd like to be in on that that's
fine sure yeah yeah you can yeah you can
have a conversation so I'm I'm really
just fascinated with the fact that hey
this is stuck on my head and B you can't
remove it
well it doesn't want to come off and
sometimes it's kind of fun to have those
e to talk to come once I mean we have a
thing have a relationship now it wants
to I don't understand what do you mean
you understand it tells me things in my
head okay okay okay I'm just gonna
lightly sitting there anyway did you
pull her recitation I want to get around
these to Padma I'm concerned that she
wants this thing too much all right here
that way right now right now it appears
like she is like kind of back like sort
of Emma's talking crazy and then I also
sort of opened my coat or whatever and
like showed that oh no the whatever the
staves or whatever and I'm like it also
wanted me to have these things all right
who has Gavigan staves yeah no they're
in mistakes and we were about to get
stabbed and then I just shut my coat and
what does Dave those are immense items
of power they need to be destroyed how I
mean you can't just like be like oh
there it is in the garbage what do they
do before I say yes to destroy them and
then sort on that up I'm there yeah look
you know we we destroyed something magic
and it bad things so we're not eager
just churches will start yes those can't
you stay for item of immense evil power
okay so how does one go about safely
sequestering them or destroying them in
order for them to not sort of open a
portal with a dragon coming out or open
a portal with niala throat up coming out
or open a portal would you not say that
name
oh no I say that name when you name
something it hears but what okay
we're kind of desensitized who you might
have yeah well movies that beacon when I
name it I know it and I'm not afraid of
it though okay
I think we might just said that I can
just I can make sure that those staves
never see the light of day
what so can i I mean what do they do
there are items of immense evil power
okay I don't know what they did oh no
were a source of Gavigan power
yeah but Gavigan said that you were the
most powerful person and that's why we
had to kill you it's like when we when
else is he going to say I don't know
having didn't wanted me dead yeah
exactly
he didn't Gavigan why not did you have
him tell the truth about everything else
well he was pretty on point about
killing us
[Laughter]
he gave it a good before we leave belong
to perhaps we could look at some books
or something to see if these thieves are
mentioned in the books the the library
or what not I mean I can I can help you
with some recent research I have okay I
have people who know where to look for
these things and find them I will tell
you that you have already experienced
what happens when you play with Gavigan
staus she says looking at the headdress
yeah I get this irritating voice in my
head that keeps talking to me telling me
that this goes with everything when it
clearly doesn't I mean take it off okay
does it come off
no it doesn't the same thing will happen
with the staves they will they will has
that thing ever made you do things you
didn't want to do well kind of but it
told me to run which logically would
make sense the staves will do the exact
same thing this is this is this is not
power this is corruption these items
will slowly eat away at your soul and
cause you to become their vessel that's
what happened to Gavigan I just like
that we'll be able to notice this by her
making good decisions I can prepare mhm
a knock dick jar Charlier with no I know
these are words I hear a blabbity blah
and the headdress of eyes says no what
do you mean no no no not two jars what
is that
I don't know what an optic jar is that's
literally like nyquil a jar to me it's
like optic jar is a magical sealed jar
the Egyptians use them so I turned to
I can I can prepare an octa jar okay I
do not think I can take that headdress
off of no that's totally fine I mean
we're sort of frenemies at this point
you know I mean we're friends great
friends and he tells me to do bad things
it's kind of like you're drunk best
friend always telling you what to do and
you shouldn't do it but you kind of do
it sometimes because it's kind of fun
I now know more what that means that I
wanted to I can prepare an optic Jar it
will take me it will take my people
thank you okay I will not take credit
for their work it will take my people a
day okay that's fine I'll leave this
Dave's here you did not okay then I
parently don't alright so she's Schultz
all so apps will give you a research
assistant that can help you research
stuff be they'll start preparing an
optic jar okay and I did was that see oh
yes to you how did you lose part of your
soul so sorry
I learned a ritual that protects against
other worldly things and it demanded a
price and I may have cast it multiple
times and you believe that power should
be free no IIIi have given up parts of
myself and I need to find some way to to
restore that but I can't explain it any
better than that by the way are you
familiar with Isaac Newton mm-hmm darn
but there has to be a way to but is
there any way to because I did some
reading potential ways to cultivate one
soul to to brace it to
something something like that headdress
those staves they are to put it you know
in a very blithe manner those are
batteries and those batteries can charge
up with power and can be used for some
rituals there are some rituals that
exact a cost from the user no matter
what most most any ritual that will that
is permanent
again Newtonian mmm-hmm if energy is
created permanently energy must be spent
permanently that's great news okay
I'm not in this conversation I'm tired
now hi Anne I can't even
alright so she'll like I said she'll
give you those things and you know you
can what do you want to research you'll
have it you'll have a bonus die on any
any library sweet sweet sure yeah you
can all this is a day of the 13th oh
good okay and what day are we leaving is
she saying whenever she can she give
her a you know give her one day's notice
and she can have a she can have you on a
ship not on the manifest how about Sarah
hold on to those staves yes well I was
planning so here's to the group but
fundamentally I believe that just like
we consecrated the ground at the get the
mister house we need to also consecrate
these days this is becoming a little bit
more of a problematic situation but at
least the stables we can put in an optic
jar and well I want to research another
option okay make them nullified and void
is kind of my well those are permanently
if those were permanently imbued then
maybe a way to destroy them is to
take that back yes do you know what a
good research by the way I do
nice relentlessly soul into these days
if I could just get a little bit of
Gavigan soul or no just effectively take
either no it actually goes further than
that it's someone made this staves
themselves and had to pay a price for
that I'm wondering if I can get anything
out of that yeah well here's the problem
with that though she said that they were
corrupted what if you take that power to
persuade was I well beforehand I know
Emma get them from her I mean no on
anything that I wrote that I try to just
throw out excuses and pretend that I'm
convinced yeah everything it was fine
really
yes he has conversations with I've known
her for a very long time no I think
she's actually become more sane I want
to know more things and have better
decision making it that much better
that's a great a great thing to do for
the library use the library and take
that stuff off that would be awesome you
have a bonus stylist oh because you have
an assistant yeah oh yeah that's much
better yeah over there that's 19 tonight
1922 it's another d-10 so you should
roll on different angles
let me do let me tell gas to here so so
you're researching how to take energy or
aggressive disenchanting so most of the
research tends to be about how to
destroy these items mmm
but sure yeah with that rule you find
something that is possibly a ritual that
would transfer power from the items to
an individual it it seems it's it seems
sketchy but you know you find a like a
description of the ritual first ritual
didn't go so bad right so need to chill
down my spine look I literally just
shivered so with being in character my
absolute believers the bad thing this
all needs to be sealed up set back to
the Vatican put in an archive put in the
what are they what do they call that
archive for non Catholic stuff
oh the Gentile but something like the
sacrilege a driver or whatever and this
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] needs to get off my head so so are
you researching how to remove yeah how
to remove how to consecrate how to like
lock it up spill it sure it's done you
should you should be over looking at our
focus so what is how do I do this so you
have two tens keep the better one okay
so it's 32 is that then my library that
is actually hard success alright so
again most of it most of the stuff in
terms of removing is how to destroy the
items and we're not really damaging my
head well no funny story most of the
most of the destroying stuff is when
it's not on someone okay
in fact all of the destroying stuff when
it's not on someone in in terms of
removing the items I'm assuming we have
some or agreement where I get to sleep
with it all off and no you know that it
knows you well enough to never come off
you've been showering and
I can't even flatter it into being like
look we need to just sort of freshen up
a little bit I mean I need to get a
haircut no nope the headdress of eyes
does will never be will not remove
itself you know I mean a very aggressive
haircut
I probably remove it along with most of
your personality but so yeah the most of
the the stuff is about destruction there
are so you find a lot of stuff about
nopt at jars okay nakta jars were used a
lot to keep things from coming back from
the afterlife so you would seal things
in there and they would protect them on
the journey to the afterlife and so
nakta jars are both protection and also
removing curses and things like that
okay
and what specifically so I can like try
some of this so most of what you find is
kind of full glory but you find a couple
rituals that might be able to do it most
of them involve a not insignificant
amount of your own blood disappointing
on this goddamn thing in my hands oh but
yeah there are it appears there are
several different ways to to do two that
you you know you you you can you can
find details on at least one of the
rituals and if you take more time I know
you guys want to leave but if you take
more time you could probably learn that
ritual so on one of these evenings I'm
thinking it can't hear anyone it's not
silent okay what's up I really stuck
with this thing on my head I mean I
can't get it off it won't even let me
sleep without it
it just like right here and honestly I'd
like to just do my hair like I'd like to
like not like I'd like to choose a
haircut at one point in time that
doesn't evolve around this thing sure
it's kind of getting on my nerves have
you found anything to help you get it
off not entirely it's all sort of
happenstance in whatever I'm not too
sure what to do at this point because
it's like their rituals they involve a
lot of blood that's fine whatever
I should go to Kenya why
what cuz that's where they died what so
it's telling me to go to Kenya cuz
that's where it they died oh that's a
non-sequitur I'm having a conversation
right now can you be quiet for like five
minutes
I mean maybe two minutes can you count
to two minutes that's 60 twice of having
a moment it's quiet okay thank you
um I'm sorry what Kenya though
interesting I mean I don't know how
else to get this thing off of me and I
really want to get this thing off of me
and I don't have an idea it's the worst
idea ever and I don't even want it under
this idea on how to get it off me
alright let's have it it want it
probably wants to go to somebody who can
fulfill its fantasy dreams or whatever
you know it just wants to like gain
power do a thing
I'm liberally drinking at this point I'm
just like like before her another glass
of wine I I could probably make a
deal with it because I feel like this is
somewhat of a sort of like you know
where does that devil and Daniel
whatever where I'm just like if I give
you my soul will you leave me be kind of
thing it's a little bit of a monkey paw
there yep what sort of what sort of a
deal like who do you think it would want
to go to well it could go whoever's the
next higher sorcerer who would do
are you thinking are you thinking Joan
maybe or some other Rando and I do not
want some other Rando having this that's
my concern is that and I just basically
grabbed both your hands and tell you
this I've been working with the Vatican
very closely for the like the last ten
years and we've been trying to eliminate
evil and evil objects from this from
this world you heard it here first the
Vatican eliminating evil and and
homosexuals yeah Mike Weir has just a
lot of that anyway and I'm honestly
concerned because my first instinct was
to go to them and say you know well you
guys are going to Egypt to take a train
to Rome and say please get this thing
off of me as it keeps falling off not
quite tight enough I'm like because I
need a haircut because you won't let me
cut my hair anyway but I'm very
concerned I mean it will find evil there
too you know not all men's intentions
are good and I don't know what to do
with this thing I mean that's hard isn't
it these sorts of items will find people
who will use them and I don't know if
you've noticed but Joan and Silvio are
kind of heading down the same path that
Octavia and bells were going a little
bit I mean so I'm just trying to be my
usual dumb self and keep it from life
doing anything harmful because how much
harm can one idiot do by themselves you
actually don't want me to answer that
cuz I'm thinking about a crowbar and I'm
kind of great Oh
ninety so obviously lots of damage
all right this is like a 2 a.m.
conversation yeah yeah in the bag yeah
please breathe freely I know you've been
listening no I'm like smoking a girl
we're talking get up mm-hmm and you
remove okay oh really
yeah you remove it oh wow oh okay and
then and you're watching this and then
you do this you hold it out and an arm
comes out of the corner and takes it and
out steps Zara who puts it on and then
walks back into the corner and
disappears okay oh wow he's a rock I
swear and I I swear an Italian for like
the two minutes so Liam please
understand that completely I was an
opera singer I speak Italian especially
the swear words she's also from Italy
and speaks Italian all the swear words
at me but she was with Emma aware of
this no nope oh yeah you wake up and
you're you're like standing there with
your arm out and I'm staring at you just
okay well let's back up about you what
what okay okay okay do we trust our
intentions Suraj just took the headband
she's now the most powerful sorceress in
the universe you still have the staves
yeah do not give them to her okay if you
put them in an optic jar put them in
seal it and keep it on you I don't want
her touching those I don't trust her
with a headband to be perfectly honest
but we don't have a choice she yeah
choose the body powerful than we are
yes it's powerful enough that Gavigan
was oh maybe a spot hidden role no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
no all right yep everything's fine
okay shouldn't just come out of the
corner of the room she couldn't possibly
stay you know she could know what I
think about her if she really wants a
mouse you spice shop people have the
same really that's the thing that's part
of why I'm concerned so all right well
destroy every spice shop the only way to
be sure I don't know if I can continue
to fight everybody at this level
I mean she's another Gavigan I don't
want to fight if we could I mean can't
we trust the fact that she'll fight the
instinct that it tells her to do I mean
it tells me to run it I'm like we'll see
well it seems that she's more powerful
than you so maybe she has more ability
to resist what it says the question is
if she want to yeah that's that's really
what's her intent mm-hmm so she has it
and short of killing her and removing
her head there's no way that we're
getting that back stuck with that stupid
headband again I don't like this I don't
like any of this but we don't have a lot
of choice so that being the case keep
the staves on you at all times
okay so I'll just make the knob dick
jars will see alum will consecrate them
but she was making an optic chart okay
yeah but we might have mentioned to you
that we may have found a solution at
this stage yes and get a haircut so god
I do think that she's still going to
make us the not pick jars because that
was a little out of nowhere yeah she I
mean sure I'm assuming she'll make them
but just the question of their factual
miss honestly yes but we don't know that
there's a PowerPoint we just want to try
it out on one of them see how it goes if
it doesn't destroy it we can look at
other options refine the rich way what
do they want to do well oh so while we
were searching how did you not pick jars
and other things I'd sort of superseded
the fact that he was my assistant so
therefore whatever they wanted was like
just calm yourself you would get there
but they wanted to use the staves in
order to somehow rebalance whatever they
had lost from their soul by using the
staves and somehow using whatever the
soul the maker of the stave had put
their soul into the stave so therefore
they had want to reach I might have
avoided wording it like that no honestly
I would have I would have simply said
hey we might have a ritual that will
take care of the talking about losing
pieces of your soul and to make this
thing so extrapolating that isn't
difficult therefore coming back out of
the stave and back into their soul in
order to make their soul whole again not
entirely my belief I don't think that
that makes any sense
like look into my Cossacks I don't have
enough wine for this beam either if I
had the rest of this week I couldn't
begin to say how many things are wrong
with that idea all of these ideas are
terrible they really are we are stuck
between too many bad ideas also a
possible name for the story all right
consecrate this Dave
we'll see if when will we be able to do
a concentrate consecration like is there
someone here in London that you could
take them to to see if you can get them
consecrated someone I trust not
necessarily then it may be worthwhile to
hold them in the jars and keep them safe
now whether or not they're effectual
because the person who just took the
headband it made them but so I could do
additional research and write to write
to Rome and ask them for some sealed
caskets or whatever aren't you leaving
tomorrow yeah
but I can also leave a telegram and have
them meet in Cairo yep I mean the
Vatican Empire it reaches everywhere all
right
that may be our best option and the best
of a load of pad options at the moment
[Laughter]
[Music]
right yeah I just I don't believe that
part of your soul leaves I just it's
it's a whole thing I mean there's no
such thing as like leaving part of it
someplace as like goes it depends on how
you see the soul I guess if you see it
as it is you well yes maybe or so I
don't understand how they would fracture
it in order to make a symbol another way
to look at it though is a kind of energy
battery that gets drained as as you as
you use it I go to sleep I get up I'm
back to new look at me I'm just as dumb
as I was yesterday no Emma you're not
dumb all right I'm going to bed at this
point because you know what I can do
sleep without this stupid make up my
pillow get some sleep after you shower
your hair smells oaky you've been told
that you should be there's a literal
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] steamer leaving from the London
Harbor at 10:30 in the morning okay
and how long was that ritual that we
looked at it was you know about an hour
this is Saturday morning yeah I have to
persuade I'm sure to wake up for a
resume that's not a London wasn't one of
the things that I did want to do before
we left though is is go and visit a
particular gravesite that's important to
me okay so go in go and do that leave
your morning
yeah you would know that it is on
this slow ship it's gonna be like a ten
day trip to Cairo that is when it has
and at least for the first part of it
they're gonna they want you to stay
below ships the crew is all Egyptian
mm-hmm-hmm there has been no sign of
szura through all this okay on the boat
so our two jars the guy says that you
know that were delivered okay
and he keep those in my room they have a
wax they have wax lids that are ready to
be put on them so I keep those in my
room I keep the stapes on me at the
whole time
I do wire to the Vatican that I do want
another box created and I give them
dimensions that would potentially fit
inside those jars so therefore just my
lack of trust is the fact that I seal
them in my consecrated boxes and then
understanding that the jars are gonna
stay on the boat
okay hmm just let us try with one of
them just let us try it might not even
work and we have somebody who's who's
coming with us that we met here yes the
mod is on the boat okay and he will you
know he'll Tom so there's something
different about you today Emma yeah my
head doesn't eat you anymore
how did you do that I just asked it
to leave and eventually it left I had I
mean it I totally wanted to say at least
goodbye is it very - yes it is so you're
leaving out an important part of that
information all right oh so where is it
no it's still in London with someone so
wait you gave it away to someone I mean
I did I was next I was next
do we ever find out what those stops do
I'd like to know what their power is
perhaps to destroy one of those stuff
why we shouldn't be destroying his
designs on these items er very low wage
you don't want to destroy them we went
to take the power from it well doesn't
sound good
one day no thought oh yeah one way or
the other
[Music]
then they'll be useless right right
we have to do it I think it is the power
of the dark Pharaoh and I think we
should leave it be losses on power
against him it's much more effective
than a bullet or a knife would be we
want to fight this thing directly I
don't want to but if it turns out we
have to I know I can't do any problems
play our best option is to cut off its
connection to the world and we can do we
do that by dealing with people like that
what we can do just let us try no what
are you trying to do we're trying to
we're trying to go the way back a price
no no it's the same thing with me but it
was bad we had to we had to pay a price
to make those stones tell some of those
that we don't get that back the power
that we have in our own selves went into
those those and now we want to get that
power back oh it's morning the 14-3
another hit point back sure yeah all
right just just think about it as a
financial exchange but here's the thing
is that we're on a boat yeah look right
everything for the ritual what just I
don't like water it's not that just
sounds like excuse no we're we're not
blowing anything up no no no nothing
believe often we made the stones well
look that I I was against that well I
had you were there I had voiced my
concerns when the Ovilus blew up
I had happened now the other episode of
Donnell explains hold on hold on these
are can we count the things we've blown
up these are items of incredible power
and if we mess this up it could destroy
the bus for a start the boa ocean if
we're going to really with these no no
this is
hold on I understand if you're going to
play with these sorts of powers let's
not do it where we're surrounded by
people and a boat that can think yeah
well it's too much power and you will
blow up when it releases into you
we're not smashing it open we are
drawing from it ok ok you are pulling
wait until we get onto land great idea
and so there's more collateral damage ok
if they're away from people and things
we do it on the OH
it's not gonna matter behind up a place
like Stonehenge in kind that's kind of a
hold on as far you you said that you've
run across the Black fair mm-hmm you met
him at the fact that Crowley's party oh
you remember that you remember how
terrified you were you remember how
freaked
I understand she's running yes I several
times it's his power in these things
good then Jake get it back do you want
to have that inside of you
yeah you're the black no no no no no no
be my power it would be mine then I
would I would always loose we are we are
human we are paper vessels and this is
serious quotes but good but we have
experience with transferring energy into
magical objects using rituals I'm I'm
just saying here's the thing Mabel if
you guys want to take that risk onto
yourselves so be it to go out in the
desert go ahead go get your own magical
I know I did and I had to give it up
because someone smashed open an obelisk
and somebody gave away the other magical
item we could have used they wouldn't
let me wash my hair and and and so and
someone gave another magical I don't you
actually the destroyer of worlds he went
away he didn't destroy our world but it
was do I say it's time we stop giving
away magical items now I put them to
work for us fine
I don't know how much we can control
this we are weak we can always we can
always stop the ritual if anything
starts to no more in perfect control we
were able to use things I was able to
get out of the red beam I had a lot of
control with that I don't again share
the floor you want to take that risk
that is on your head I'm not going to be
involved good question what makes you
think that your soul is somehow less
than the soul it was yesterday or the
day before the David because I felt
losing it I said would like hollow I
yeah well I don't know if it's even a
soul necessarily all I know is something
was taken and it hasn't come back I
don't that doesn't you could cast the
ritual and find out but I do not
recommend it to create the the elder
sign I just I disbelieve that your lot
you've lost your soul I will say vs.
intelligence yeah wait what okay yeah
okay DeeDee I mean you you could
experience it yourself to understand it
but again I don't I wouldn't want you to
less of a human being and you were know
something that something is missing
we're going to we're gonna cut to Maine
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] steamer sailing off you have
completed unless there's something that
did we want to hit up Joseph Joseph
before we love that I think I think
that's a thing to leave to the backup
characters because I have an idea of how
they're going to okay cool aren't there
then then yes we're we're we're good so
you have completed for a certain value
of completed the London chapter what do
we do
this is what I want to know what it
would not do love so my regrets in life
so there was a lot around a certain
warehouse that yeah well we weren't
going anywhere near that I heard
something about a painter anywhere near
my old ship place and there was a very
actually my my all-time favorite part of
this module which you guys skipped is a
is a is a werewolf scenario oh the bees
yes yes that's quite a sidetrack isn't
it yeah yeah it's a complete sidetrack
but it's oh it's so good it's it's just
one big ethical quandary of course
so you neutralized Edward Gavigan yeah
everybody gets a d6 sanity yes I will
take an re 109 you assisted szura Shafiq
and taking control of the London
Brotherhood knows a D for sanity oh yeah
was that man I didn't help the London
Brotherhood is in place and still going
so also that that I'm not even aware of
this I lost the same amount that I
gained so I'm even out at least let that
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in fact exactly where it was and
for dealing with the ravager of worlds
you all gain a d6 sanity's oh yay this
is literally this is less this is
ridiculous
oh that's stupid hands back I roll the
six you need it I'm just 33 sanity I'm
not back yet
I'm not back anywhere and for actually
dealing with arcus you gain five luck
yang for actually killing Gavigan you
gain five luck
oh and everybody wanted to do it and
that is your reward so we will
off-camera do all our skill checks and
stuff over the course of the boat and
we'll start next session with getting to
Cairo which I believe is your next your
next stop next on guys we survived you
know they screw it out I am so I said
before we started when I said I said I
have no idea what's gonna happen and I
had some plans but none of them came
together and yeah I rolled in 98 and
that's you know the dice dice tell you
what the dice tell you so I didn't kill
anybody
so yeah that's gonna do it for this
episode next episode it's gonna be
formal night we're all gonna be its the
party myself Zulu holiday party so we
will see you next week thank you so much
for your likes your subscribes YouTube
twitch anywhere else you want to find us
we're on Spotify we're all yes we're on
Spotify we're on soundcloud our podcasts
are there I sound a lot better than I
look so podcast is a great way to
experience this not true for the rest
but true for me
don't forget rest of our great shows one
more carbon 21 &amp; 5 so tomorrow tomorrow
one more carbon 21 85 then Monday
of course it's natural 1 start your week
off with a critical fail Tuesday that's
the Kaos agents doing whatever they're
naked and we're not anymore oh very you
know fanservice e now
it's now we're waiting for like the the
Internet sign relationships between the
players to explode and then breakup and
then restart it's gonna be I mean we're
basically soap opera it's a you know
come watch your stories and then
Wednesday it's boardgame over Arkham art
this week Wednesday is our comport damn
I have to work Wednesday
hahaha we're a complain games and don't
forget we are New Years Eve
today New Year's Day we're gonna do a
full day 12-hour charity stream we're
gonna be playing board games we're gonna
be playing RPGs Rachel suggested that I
bring democracy do you know and that
would be the stream to cry I'll probably
be there playing some board games but
there'll be RPGs there'll be all sorts
of things I'll put some stuff out of my
out of my shelf to play it's gonna be a
lot of fun and you know help us stay
awake that's really and we're doing it
for charity so that's a beautiful thing
beauty we're hoping that we can get
Thomas a haircut that is the send us
energy drinks for going to need those
yeah that's it so thanks and we will see
you
