Silvano and Joan were very determined to
do a particular incantation mm-hm
but they have need of a couple of staves
that they just recently are actually
Emma just recently became in possession
of so I think at this point we're trying
to see how Silvano and Joan are going to
get those staves away from Emma and a
rope

after that it's a waiting game we've
heard of fall asleep we break into a
room but we just don't come it's good
confront her and then well actually are
you drinking right now at the bar okay
okay is your is your pocketbook is your
hand back in your room or is your with
you at the bar my handbag well it's not
in my hand I'm assuming I'm assuming the
staves are too big to put in like I
don't know but I would have knowing that
knowing what had happened I would have
hidden them in my room so it was
yeah nevermind okay okay so I'm gonna go
to the bar and and and have some drinks
with Emma edenfalls so there's a bar
down here you're like evening fellas I
know I wore a coat but like I didn't say
it's probably about seven o'clock in the
evening okay so I'm gonna sweets go to
her room and try in that her room okay
no you're not bunking with any when
you're on your own she's monkey with me
we're not where is Andrea house and
she's not that much of a drinker Kevin
Kevin gonna keep store sauce which is
probably in in the room okay
so girly bar we're hanging out we are
going to the bar yeah yeah you're going
to and so good I'm gonna fill you guys
in so I meant let me tell you what
happened so I was hanging out in
alexandria's house right before we left
and lo and behold guess what happens
remember how lion paws guy well no
matter the woodwork yeah right and like
started shooting at everybody and all
this other stuff yeah well they're wrong
Emma is saying the
stupid headdress won't come off and cramping my style because it
doesn't match my shoes
it's stuck and she comes out of the woodwork and the
story is just getting more insane
anymore and saying as I drink more and
flail my arms around you comes out of
the woodwork and all of a sudden it just
falls off and she grabs it puts it on
and goes back into the woodwork
nothing wasn't our friend I thought it
was gonna be our friend with his
spice shop people they can teleport open
a spice shop when we get to Cairo that's

we're in her boat I know someone pointed
that out there people yeah go into Cairo
we're more of her people are yeah which
is why I hid the staves
I found a loose board and I put him
under the floor under the bed
we're staying in like
public beds and so you have to crawl
under the bed if some of her people acquire those

let's do it okay top all yours so their
other Alexandra's Beth yes under her
back technically hey I'm not here man
she's not sure but yeah it's just good
because now she's like laying on top of
the staves and can watch for them okay
see then you don't have nothing to worry
that I'm gonna pause and let's see where
it's Silvano's doing yeah I'm listening
at the door 

you realize that you're actually
listening to the wall you need to move
over 

so you're trying the doorknob, you hear it
jiggle from inside now look up from
my book you hear damn it and I think he
recognized the voice.
Emma would like the problem with some
person to make a pass at Alex and see
anyone else around during that time you

yes are you drinking yes okay but not to
excess because I'm stressed.
As you're
listening to him continue we're at the
law cuz you know how to pick a lot oh
yes so this is we need to keep an eye on
their fruit you can tell that what
they're watching us they're doing other
odd things that they wouldn't normally
do yeah well how many are in the bar I
didn't know that is there basically a
plank over some box very very makeshift
but there's liquor bottles it's a bar
yeah we open up at the bottle and label
take your pick your poison
literally shouldn't I basically spun
around and now I'm like back to back if
you like uh-huh
totally I have to watch everybody as
only on huh yeah great do you see people
walk by while we're do they come over
some of those various that can't go
through and other individuals never all
there some of them are they're all
interested in you some of them are less
trying to be okay I'm not gonna stare
but it's like what are they doing here I
don't know why your people on this boat
we can invite some of them over to drink
with us
they're all very suspicious they keep
watching us let's go say in which
defense they're supposed to watch over
us right no but they might be watching
us a little more too closely we're doing
nothin cept drinkin
perhaps we just don't know if they're
really to help us or lead us somewhere
and I don't know
Donald you're not positive but you think
you see someone out of the corner of
your eye go past a doorway that looks like the Duchess
you are clearly trying to be sneaky and
well I thought she would leave it
unlocked she's been drinking I didn't
want to bother her do you know where the
receipts are for those for those
passports I'm wondering if we can
expense any of that I think Donal has
those okay because it was this person
who got us those you know and I am I am
completely not subtly looking around the
room yeah you picked for a lock of my
bedroom door to ask about receipts so
hon yeah that's what I'm supposed to
keep track of so well I guess they're
not here so bye wait do I see
anything before I leave oh geez even
with your good score yeah that's that's
only yeah anyhow no you have to get mad
You don't see  anything
I know why he's there okay so
back to the bar Donald comes back and
sits down again was that for sure
So what's our best course of
action because if she is in fact doing
nefarious stuff with that headdress in
London pretty soon she's gonna come for
those, so how do we keep watch
she knows the way out you in that
fantasy world yeah well you get if you
pass them off to me I can I can hide
them I got I've got some really good
hiding and and things like that you know
I've had to do this before so passing
them around yeah
they don't know where they are yeah good
see that'll work yeah that's right
perhaps make a copy earth it some kind
of duplicate go somewhere pay someone to
make something very similar okay no no
see what he's saying I see what he said
until we can have some duplicates I'd be
willing to cuz you know I've had to hide
all sorts of art treasures and things
like that on these kind of boats so I'd
be more than willing to take those and
hide him she does have a history of
doing this sort of behavior what taking
things and hiding them yes
taken stolen things and had a John and I
have I'm working this before because
she's a smuggling things it says she's
yes so you got some experience I would
trust John with hiding items if we
needed to get through customs or around
the boat
Kru I do there is perhaps making
duplicates allowing them to steal the
duplicates would be a wise move I agree
well we're going to pause at that point
because I hear that I've gotten a
message that one Ezra has finally gotten
out of his cell how'd you manage to get
out I mean you send him there for a
small job get him accidentally locked
away help your sand if you like I could
give my sanity back up to 50 if I went
to Bellevue for like six months right
that's how it works I mean that's that's
so now that we're planning our field
trip to the various asylum I don't know
being a woman and any one of those
asylums is a bad call yeah I laid my
hair on my head I don't like cold bounds
they suck I'm personally against having
the ice pick go through my eye but
that's that's him yeah
but if you look up lobotomy it's
actually a very interesting history I
bought it through the nose it's actually
done through this one yep just on one
side of your eyeball although sorry are
people you didn't go into graphic detail
she's got our people right okay maybe
not a son maybe like just a long
vacation yeah one of the upper class
like sanatoriums
where's the ship going again Bhairo no I
thought you said we get drunk and dance
[Laughter]
yes very self-satisfied together so I
think that is a great idea I think that
Alexandra and I should keep it the first
night and then we should pass it around
and see like keep them on their toes
sounds good you thinking it's a John who
are you bumping with me someone someone
will need to watch it I agree we should
put someone with you perhaps Silvana the
Toulouse noticed some people her into
the whole course obviously the
invitation incantation thing together
yes one sleeps and one keeps watch I
show up at the bar


you are one day out of London
you are on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] steamer Brighton
star this is a boat that was set up for
you by a surah on the boat is your your
dragon whose name I wrote down but I
don't have it yes and he has been sort
of you know he'll he'll answer any
questions you might have enough Cairo
he's also a crewman on the ship so he's
somewhat busy he's also one of the few
people on the ship that actually speaks
English
almost everyone on this ship speaks
Arabic so you you can make me make me an
Arabic roll I want in on this no pumpkin
you're gonna fail but oh yeah I felt all
right no I thought you did more you you
you made it are you okay so almost all
right so all that rule means is that
you're gonna be able to understand stuff
they say but you have to very clearly be
like one okay translate yes now I
understand what you said it's not like
you know you can
you can't like surreptitiously listen to
some to what they're doing and that sort
of thing maybe how this I can't and so
it is is you know it is they are aware
that you to some level speak Arabic in a
few of them will even like have minor
conversation you know sort of you know
conversations where they're like maybe
testing your Arabic or seeing and
they'll even help you a little bit with
it's nice nice where they'll like talk
about some some you know they'll teach
you some ship vocabulary not some things
you learn the swear words that way of
course skill check because of that okay
um so you ute the first night how are
you what is the sleeping situation
no we're bunking together okay dude like
I want to stay with hiddens names yeah
hidden staves on the first night under
okay climb on top she's on the bottom
what do people stay I don't even know is
that a ban with hidden stage we know
everything that just that happened
didn't actually happen that we were I
okay so quick quick quick overview right
yeah give me this so so gone Emma
myself working the bar chatting about a
whole bunch of things all along the
plank really yeah the plank yes the
plank with the alcohol we call Silvio
was going to case the joint and see if
he could find the the crooks for us so
we could use them do the ritual don't
you have oh I see you trying to steal
them okay um
he went to the cabin yeah took way too
long to pick the lock and what he did I
was I was laying on my bunk just
watching him yeah you're like like do
you recognize the noise after like after
10 minutes of like that noise I'm pretty
good no cuz I was making I was cursing
and she doesn't say I know why you're
here
lay on the bed reading going AHA
antastic ha ha begins the party schism
but then when we were in the bar we were
talking about how could we keep these
safer this day of safer he said oh well
pass him yep because I did update
everybody who was at the bar with me
that it's a horror is it was wrong is
wrong that's it
because I was I was going late where's
the eyes where the eyes up so yeah so
she's just like yeah mine pause get out
of a wall took the headdress and then
the lion paused back in and I pissed in
sound effects did the headdress make it
to you then now I just be clear that
happened when you were in London correct
yes cuz because you said that it
happened in my flat which I don't think
was the case I think we were in the
hotel but I could fly it was in the
hotel so you know there's some question
about the range of how far she can do
that you know you haven't seen people do
it more than say inside London yes we've
also decided to open a spice shop so
that we can also convince crypto but I'm
sort of cult yeah
so we one of the up shots of this of
saying okay we have to keep these things
safe so we're gonna pass them in between
us well that conversation could change
as soon as mi Sylvia Julia's not on the
list
well they were trying to get him to be
in my room so who's gonna watch you into
you essentially has two rooms okay that
are not that big with with small bunk
beds
you guys sleep are you sleeping at the
bouncer there's tumors oh no one of them
is gonna have like a cot put in it and
that cot will pretty much take up the
middle of the room that's your spot John
these are not these are not right I
didn't I did get the Rochambeau that's
the only fair we didn't see one for top
bunk fair enough
all right so you three are one room you
two are another room all right all right
that's that so the first night yeah what
day is it
yes yeah 14th so now with the fits the
15 yeah after you know this is the night
of the 15th all right so you are
actually you have no idea where you are
now you know that you're a day out of
London and I'm going to Ibiza to
partying with my friends at Spring Break
we agreed on that I don't know
Febby well February February 15th is
getting close to Spring Break we get
there so you yeah you have no idea if
you've turned if you're already in the
Mediterranean if you're still you have
no sense of we'll start figuring out
what's going on where did we leave from
we left from London okay this is a small
enough ship that you left from okay so
we could still be in the Chandler we
could be Atlantic and this is not a
large boat that's why you have very few
and it is mainly a steamer you asked to
be taken out surreptitiously so you know
you are not on the manifest in any way
and they just are hoping that they're
not gonna get boarded or anything got it
so do we know that we're not
Manifest I mean that was part of our
kind of thing I mean you'd figure that
you know I mean a if a steamer takes
passengers there are there's another
level of like customs and all that stuff
and so meaning they're probably not
listing you as passengers on the plus
side that means you can bring whatever
you want on the minus side if we
disappear hmm whatever no one knows I
mean I would imagine I would have sent a
telegram to what was his name the lawyer
the lawyer yeah yeah before before we
left London Carleton thank you to
basically be like this is what's going
on sure sure
so that first night passes almost
without event but you both have the same
dream okay so in that dream you are you
are both separately everything here
happens with you as you as the main
focus so you're having the same dream
separately got it let's just join in my
dream remind you sir nope oh hell this
is your own separate dream okay you are
wearing the headdress and you are you
are heading towards London and it's not
clear how you're traveling and kind of
flying but not really and in London as
you approach London the headdress the
voice of the headdress says you have to
stop her why have you given her
everything and you know record white
screen white and you are in a very
familiar warehouse az-zahra wearing the
headdress is opening a case much more
carefully than you open that would not
be difficult and and she opens this
case and as she opens it fee all the
eyes on her headdress open wide okay and
turned gold okay
and then they turn as black as the skin
of the black Pharaoh, she removes
from this box some sort of mechanical
device the
pieces do look
familiar and she
takes that and leaves okay and and the
voice again says the voice in your head
again
it just says why have you given her
everything okay and you you don't wake
up in a cold sweat or anything you sleep
in fact if anything it's hard to wake
you up like that morning when Alexander
is getting ready for breakfast they are
both out hmm
no that's Evan normally with the snoring
I plated murder on at least three
occasions and so you you you have to
work overtime to get them up I'm just
gonna roll Emma out of her bunk at
something it's just that push pretty
much will fall on Joan Joan is you know
taking up the rest of the room and yeah
that is that is you know it is now
February 16th mm-hmm you are four
breakfasts you are on a boat in the
water there is land to your left
distant okay coast of France perhaps I
want to pull Emma aside once I'm sure
she's actually awake yep we just jump
and I'll go to lunch are you ready yes
or is am i with you guys are doing no I
want to talk to okay Emma Prime I will
take off to go get some breakfast all
right I'm gonna throw up
you doing alright the headdress needs me
to save it we're free huh sorry how much
did you have to drink last night I mean
I tried to drink McDonald and that's
always not great I think so dangerous I
know by the way that you're gone
that doesn't count it's a mug yep no I
had the worst dream and if dreams mean
anything which I don't believe they do
but just in case they mean anything
anything but they don't what did what
did you dream oh the hop was a horror of
the rest of wrong dammit oh I don't want
to callers a horrible the safe days are
up yeah it's like a the Sahara or
something was a Rosie a ra so it likes
ara but not fancy yes all right
Zahra she's opening the case you know
the one that I crowbar smashed that case
yeah that case and the eyes on the
headdress turned black and it was like
why did you give her everything and I
just destroyed the goddamn world again
god damn it like being melodramatic and
Barbie I'm like everyone everything and
my friend wants me go save him I mean to
be fair attuned to him yes he's right to
it to be fair I was there too and
couldn't do anything to stop her Oh in
the hotel room in the other room yeah
but I mean we have the staves we don't
have any more elder signs no on the
subject of the staves though yeah the
reason I want to talk to you Silvano
broke broke into our room last night
yesterday while you were drinking
what is he okay now what did he do I
mean he was very weird I know but more
so than usual though he was asking about
receipts being very surprised that I was
in there although to be fair he did take
like seven minutes to pick the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
lock so I was eight minutes oh thank you
for
I was sitting in there giggling while
reading my book what did he show he was
looking for receipts I mean it's no no
very good for him
never I strongly suspect he was looking
for the staves because of that ritual
that he and John were talking about and
what would that ritual do restore our
piece of his soul oh yeah that's right
never leave that's what he things
remember we talked about this yeah if
you know you could get a piece of a soul
out of that which is weird is it really
a piece of a soul that you want my votes
on no no and not only that to like I
don't know if it's old souls you know I
don't know if souls work like that or
not
I'm calling call it energy then if not
soul okay oh no she's a Catholic she's
calling it well it might be easier for
her to swallow the idea of being able to
restore it if it's energy not a soul
yeah because you have a soul ego there
right not like a part of us all you know
this isn't why we get into theology I
know hang on I was like money back you
apparently have never sold a part of
your soul so if if that's what if that's
why it's over on oh and Joe if that's
what Silvano is up to and by extension I
think Joan
yeah that's not great that's not a great
thing
what's also not great is the fact that
sera is gonna open the box
yeah or has already going the wrong way
and there's nothing we can do these are
not they're her people with two crazy
wizards and her people yeah and all
Donal power Wizards
Don apostle you're a wizard Ari I do
magic at Stonehenge I'm a druid possibly
the only sane moment when among us is
Donald if some drinking is actually the
only way to stay sane in this world and
it seems like screaming yeah we got a
moral quandary and I don't have any
answers I don't either any confrontation
the best policy
second best policy gunplay is the worst
policy on a nun enclosed space like this
I don't want it to come to blows if we
don't have to if we don't absolutely
have to and buy absolutely have to I
mean like they've been possessed by the
black Pharaoh or something so can we get
off this boat
probably not short of jumping off and
swimming and that's a bit of a ways and
it's called yes not to and I could ask
the captain no to just let us off yeah I
don't think that we can go back
the captain is named to Jubal Chad is
the best name ever
Jubilee J ewbal well he's a massive
Nubian man hmm busy comforting sort of
okay Manasseh van like the EU suspect
he's a teddy bear deep down underneath
or or or in the I will break you in half
and not bling yeah no actually he's
he's pretty he's he's a large guy he's
not like there's not a lot of muscle
definition hmm but he's on the boat he
moves surprisingly agile e at sea he
seems to be very comfortable and moving
around on land a little more plotting
fact so I don't know what to do and
that's part of why I've come to talk to
you about it I don't I don't think that
that we should let them have it while
we're on the boat if they're going to
pull off this crazy ritual I want to be
off this boat yeah or we need to have a
lifeboat ready that because I have a
feeling which is also a way to get off
the boat yes
well just thinking about that too so
what who likes to row I have no strength
yeah me neither
well it's more constitution I have less
Constitution than I do strength I Thank
You Francois he's over on the floor
anything by the way I was just flipping
through the book and I just want to once
again say how closely the Baron is now
just amazing it looks so good
oh man I
I gotta tell my guy here about about the
the dream that I had and just silver
because because the drinking exact
ahnold's day drinking so I I suppose I'm
not gonna get it though do we
I didn't get it entirely either but
that's what I do we want to try and get
back to London is that our priority or
is our priority keeping the staves away
from Zara it's a little bit of calming a
little bit of calm be because if we go
back to London
I mean she's stronger than us yeah but
we only barely survive Gavigan speak for
yourself to hit points which how many
points doing it back another day is
another hit problem all right we're
in kind of a quandary because what kind
of damage if she has whatever's in that
box hasn't done I mean this is this
literally another town I can never go
back to I can't go to New York I can't
go to London eventually I'll be living
in a tent somewhere in Romania I hear
it's nice watch out for Baba Yaga yeah
deal with her too and pretty soon me and
chicken legs are like running away
together oh then you relive a past life
turn on the party I have no idea what
you're talking about sometimes no we
are in absolutely a quandary i dad we
can't let them have the staves yes you
can't let her have the staves at all
being on the boat is second and second
said if there's a secondly is that a
word if there's an or this did what's
dangerous and what isn't London on the
boat New York police actually other
stuff well don't forget that Egypt know
the the cult in Egypt knows you're
coming
and on Shanghai yes I know about us okay
hide so Cairo Shanghai New York yeah
business starting to sound like a lot of
fun I mean yeah I don't expect any of
any of us to have an answer about this
but at what point do we throw in the
towel at what point do we say that we're
causing more damage than we're helping
solve when we're all
you're not here so I somewhere a backup
character goes ready I don't have an
answer for that and which is why I'm
wondering if we should just bring it to
the group because without their active
participation we're never going to
mitigate what Joan and Silvano are
trying to do because obviously he tried
to break in to get this name are you
keeping the staves on your person at all
times no they're actually still hidden
in the room okay
you should probably should probably
start the rooms empty right now cuz
you're both not in it you're sitting
robably sorry Carrie okay
at least until we get this resolved okay
because they are bordering on obsession
okay so I run back and put them on oh
wait you okay you run back and the door
to your room is open son of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
dammit okay so I go I shut the door
behind maybe shut the door behind you so
then you can see me doing the take
around and I look under the floorboards
all right no the reason it's open is
there is a crewman in your room okay
like rooting around hey hey he's right
there behind her friends around he
rolled the 98 so underwear thief here's
our look and in broken English he he
like tries to give you some excuse about
cleaning get out this boat doesn't look
clean at all out and whatever panties
you took you need to put back
immediately yeah sure he is and the heat
but he'll like the scam okay you just
taught him a new English word panties
I'm sure he already knows him he was
there for he was here for this day okay
cover the door and I'm gonna like turn
just casually lean next to the door it's
locked
but you know yeah just make sure and so
I go back under the floorboards are they
there they are there okay how long are
they interesting questions I don't know
that looks more to be there
about there about two feet each alors
yeah had a lot of definition to you too
it's like great like that you really
have to light from the you know it's the
ball beat after wear a trench coat
doesn't tire [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we're hiding I mean
it's cold in let me can't see your abs I
know the whole purpose during them yeah
so I mean I don't know where else to put
these here you want to take one sure you
split this guy right so you each of us
yeah yeah I'll rotate it between like in
a coat or like on the on my leg in my
pants
it's gonna give it Ella tively
uncomfortable to carry around sure I
mean like strap mine timet into my spine
under under my shirt alright that's
about two feet long
okay sure
so unless you're gonna do anything else
so you two had your conversation no not
I so so what do you want to do about
this three they said okay well I was
walking to him and I got them to say
that they would give the the staves that
had passed them back and forth between
the two rooms so we can keep him hidden
so we're not talking about the dream
anymore no no we will do it let you know
we need that the eyeball guy he was
saying that we gave her too much
Zaara we gave her too much so we have to
get it back from her that's why we need
the staves we need to be able to to get
your soul and then get hers what what
yeah we can replace your soul but we can
take it from tender places right well I
mean just I mean as long as I can get
back what I lost
oh yeah no no that's that's cool that's
cool but but we can also take I am
comfortable walk away all right yeah
that's it that's a conversation I'm just
uncomfortably walking with a staple of
my life yeah Emma's limping you know
this is like her leg won't Bend that's
why he's trying to my
- under my shirt okay I'll do I want to
get to the bathroom I'll try and fix it
that way
you were really stressed a lot in your
life no stress no definitely kind of
have that be good so I mean not unless
you guys do something literally
nothing's gonna happen today this boat
is just wishes anyone yeah we talking
we're talking yeah let's let's actually
gather up in our in our room and or do
you think outside on the deck might be a
better idea where you can't hear us if
we're blowing you directly if the wind
is blowing in the right well but then
we'll have to shout block rooms are kind
of better for private conversation okay
I don't know Silvano you tell me about
locked rooms about privacy didn't say
all right so you guys all gather in
there with her all right breakfast
meeting chairs exactly started drinking
all the time now decided that this is
the only way to be safe it works for me
I'm sane anyway right so we're getting
off this boat yes well that may be
that's the question isn't it so Emma do
you want to talk about the dream the
dream um
so last night I had a dream my friend
the headband device was talking to me
like he likes to do good cuz we're
friends your friend yeah go ahead
yeah he's my friend going mom and he
told me that of her share dream with
someone else I trust him completely that
I need to rescue him and that he's with
Zara and that we've given her too much
and that I saw her open the what I had a
dream just like that last night we had
given her everything that the the eye
the eye guy was talking to me so I was
thinking maybe he was gonna come back to
me but dumb see but but we saw Sahara in
a warehouse opening a case yes and
that's how I accidentally destroyed the
world last time focus
accidentally I don't know a spit-take
salon arises what am i drinking what's
not something that's come up my
specifically mentioned were you were
delirious at the time clearly not know I
ended one of the multiverses that exists
how would you know how would you know
because the black Pharaoh told me when I
was like whirling around the universe
and he was showing that all of the
possible doors of existence
oh and also we were watching all the
lights go out in the world below us
which is a pretty sure indicator that
everything was dying or a power outage
but see both both saw this yes wait so
okay so it's not just EMA being crazy no
thanks
you've left this you've done this but
something happens so anyway really
scoffs is that that was the case so she
could destroy the world now she didn't
she didn't she pulled something out of
it the thing that the black Pharaoh
wanted that you know me being the
birthing lessons prophecy and it hasn't
happened yet she could use it to destroy
the world well correct
what would the black Pharaoh said to us
was that because we destroyed it it
destroyed the world it wasn't ready to
be unleashed or something like that and
her taking it means maybe maybe that
she's holding it to be ready to do
whatever it's meant to do just good idea
world I don't think it's meant to do
that to enslave the world I think I
bring forth I think I think it's like if
it is not a good alternative you have
this dream - no but I okay she was there
when I destroyed the world of course so
all right all right all right so should
we be going to Cairo that's what we need
we should get the box we should get the
box before Tsar because I mean yeah if
if that's possible it might already be
too late well and it might not maybe I
don't know I don't know if it was a
prophecy or a it's happening right now
type of dream for either of you I mean
but still the stakes are ending the
world or enslaving the world so I think
that's a pretty high priority I don't
want to end the world again but that
thing don't
depends I hope that me screw this one up
cuz again on that list of like places I
can never go again eventually I'll be
like maybe this will work again yeah
exactly maybe I can start again in New
York this world has all my stuff on it
don't worry I'll get more stuff in the
next one it's hot come with us what
sorry yeah not everybody made it the
last time when I destroyed the world the
other stuff the world I want to get so
so do we want to pull the ship over or
turn it around
okay can we irritate the captain enough
or he's like I want to turn this boat
around if you don't behave I mean I mean
we can always try to hijack it some more
info about how to deal with if we don't
really know what time could be of the
essence right now we need the box I want
maritime crimes to be committed so
potentially haha the ocean not a bad
place to be there's a large amount of
the world left you haven't even
scratched the moon yet so I mean you
know airplanes are around there were
technical difficulties on the ship
they'd have to pull in - yeah let's just
ask the captain to stop with the next
blob even if we do that he would totally
catch on to us so we should feel out
first if he would do that before
pressuring her and let's circle back to
the fact that this is his crew and
somebody was rummaging around in my room
oh yeah
gasps begin a which room and ring around
the room sir what have to say what do
you have to share with us I was looking
for receipts you can just ask
I like pullout of daggers guys are just
idling you weren't you weren't sober
when is you're gonna wait for that I was
like I would have given you the receipts
if I was drunk or sober not I mean you
would have had to like look here's
here's the thing if you honestly believe
that this ritual is a thing that you
need to do oh who would find anything
about a ritual don't even try to lie to
me better men than you have tried dad
didn't you say I want my soul back yeah
and then didn't I tell you you have a
soul I I explained this that it's I
didn't explain it well because I don't
know how to explain it I want more of my
soul back but I made it clear that
something was given up to create the
elder signs which I completely
understand and if you feel that the
staves are the only way to get them back
I'm not gonna stand in your way
but do not lie to us
and don't steal from us and we do this
as a team what sucks about this is that
was all throwaway I wouldn't have
actually done that if you know it
happened now yeah I thought and I feel
very bad I don't know what came over me
everyone everyone's sorry I was
desperate and yes ever yes yes they were
going to be repercussions yes it's very
very desperate look here we need to we
need to forgive him oh boy
Joan I am very sorry oh and by the way
you do have to do the book because
you've been remitted your responsibility
sir actually was also trying to look for
the receipt we we need each other the
five of us are together for some reason
call it divine if you want some light to
stand against the darkness but we all
need each other we can't be
at each other's throats we can't lie to
each other we can't hide things I'm more
than happy to deal with these states
with you but you can't come around our
backs you weren't you didn't want to and
we got lots of lots and lots of pushback
on it
I and because these are terrifying items
they are absolutely terrifying I don't
know what they can do I don't know what
kind of a blowback hold on hold on I
don't know what kind of a blowback this
might have but you are part of my team
and I am here with you but please don't
lie to me that's all I ask
well we're getting off this boat that's
the next question I'm just amazed the
Catholic wasn't the one guilting you I'm
just like very disappointed she's
backing me up with the Catholic guilt
yeah just breaking stairs crying it's
okay all right so are you gonna what I
really want to talk to little no ships
staff
let's go speak to Juba what are we gonna
tell them that we have to get off the
Jubal no I thought you said you called
we did make some oh please make the
telegram perhaps get some supplies we
have things we have to contact things we
have to do something like that
another of England we're safe I mean we
could also just give him some money and
just be like we gotta get off this boat
bro only you want 10,000 pounds well
with it
don't wait didn't well we did know I
know we have wonderful fake IDs you know
what the room you've broken into that is
not bad grounds for hey this isn't
working out you need to let us off at
the next stop like hey your crew broke
into our rooms going back to London or
are we going ahead to Cairo yeah I mean
if we think we can get to the warehouse
if you're saying that box is some sort
of key to terrible things up it's got
box again I mean you also know where
they're all lives yeah and you know I'd
rather go to get that box first yeah the
hole in the world or enslave the world
combination
five some snakes it seems slightly more
urgent than finding out what happened to
the expedition good for just a little
bit well but it but here's the real
here's the other question if we go back
to London
can we leave again this was our one
ticket out there's people are looking
with pretty good descriptions yeah well
I mean on the cold side yes if anything
this might throw people off alright
there's some people are now good but you
probably know as well
there are many Irish brothers in London
in the area I can you use to get let's
get just get out of England from there
we can work it out I might be able to
talk to people in London as well there's
ways we can escape do you think we could
find out from jubal if he's had any
contact with Zara before we how exactly
do you propose asking that I you've
never seen a me be short round alright
so do do we go back to London because I
wears yes yes then let's go back and if
she's not in London we literally have to
turn right back around to go back to
Cairo the press did say that we needed
to go and and and and we he was asking
why did we give her everything yeah but
that doesn't mean that she's still she
may have taken the idol why am i
assuming that she went to Cairo well and
and there's also the possibility that
it's not telling you the whole truth I
mean it's also it tells me I'm a bad
dresser it tells me the truth truth
exactly tells me the hard truth that
does make you look a little hunter I
think you dress all right what do you
want about thank you but it did wear
some stripes
are you still talking again it's a
wakingdream
salad it's like having a friend of me my
headdress might be the headdress of
spite
yes a dress of spite spikes yeah let's
go buy some bikes and then she heard in
this page and I like smite better not it
cuz my talk skills are a be talking
about I also know talk good oh yeah mine
is terrible what are you talking
why do you looking at me back up Emma
talk went are you sir other Emma's great
yeah persuasions that's my really my
thing
looks like hijacking the boats the only
option no sabotage sabotage a deposit on
the table yeah how many crew members are
- oh you've seen maybe eight your sizes
hey guys
not a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] steamer that's nice that's a
fair number not a problem I could go in
there and righteous anger and tell him
that he can't debt that somebody came in
was messing with our room would you be
good at it is the question hmm
okay I never convinced anyone of
everything or anything ever I mean I
mean to be fair you're trying to guess
people who knew who can read you like a
cool words are hard and so is masking my
intention no III think that you going in
I can do this you know I could just
early Tiffin Arby's yeah
I know memes go in go-go-go-go be the
care and you were always meant to be
[Music]
I'm from Jersey alright so in the bridge
top of the ship in the mid is the
captain who is currently piloting the
boat and ok one question are we behind
you kind of like for back oh I want to
watch I don't want anything but I want
alright so yeah there's no way this
could go wrong yeah so there's a crewman
and the captain and the captain is
currently piloting and the crewman is
doing something with binoculars that is
no doubt nautical is it is it the same
crewman that we saw in our room or make
a luck roll can't tell which way I want
this one to go made it then you decide
what do you think you have to search
your soul for this one it's up to you
yeah cuz that's I mean you could just be
like and he did that to one-up it yeah
it's him it's the guy all right does he
like go pale when we come in I know he's
like yeah he's working see I'm actually
like leaned over to join back in a
yes we have a situation
what do you crewman you know look at
that guy with evil eyes came into our
cabin and was searching it and tossing
our stuff all over the place yes
you knew yes
why did you have a clue man come into
our cabin and start tossing stuff around
that's we need to turn this boat around
and go back this is incredible this is
not something we need and I don't want
to hear this anymore I don't want to be
in here anymore yes I step in captain is
there a guy green yes yeah every bit so
try to roll all right hold my can if I
can at least tell him you know you're
gonna convey whatever this is just sort
of how politely you jeez very impolite
baby so I'm not I'm not gonna be play
all right a couple swear words yeah
you've learned a couple other scripts so
um yeah you use a couple of choice words
and you also there's a really confusing
middle part when you're like trying to
be clear you're trying to figure out
like how to make the other crewman the
object of a sentence yes the indirect
object of a sentence and you're not
really sure that that conveyed but he
but he gets he gets the gist and he just
sort of is looking kind of quizzically
and you get the sense of what he says
and most of it is the boat's not turning
around
he's ever honest they're on a schedule
yeah he says it's not turning around
they can't turn around they're on a
schedule so and he he says something to
that crewman yeah make another Arabic
roll that what I mean okay don't forget
to give yourself it no check he is you
know he's berating that crewman for
going through you know guests cabins and
he's like he's definitely like dressing
that guy down and that guy is not happy
he he is suitably cowed and he does
apologize for thieves on the boat you
know there are instances where some of
his crew have taken valuables and he
knows how to handle that and you can
rest assured that this will be handled
says he's gonna handle it but still
gonna turn any other can get off he's
just a strange ship we'll stop at port
sometime yeah
uh-uh ask about port stops okay is
the report on our way that we could that
we're stopping up so they are going to
stop in Italy sweets okay
I speak Italian yeah so it will be a
they're gonna stop in how many days from
now yeah that's the thing but as well go
into Cairo look I think I think we're
stuck sure that is the trick you know
how to vote which or sabotage yeah if I
mean if you're stopping in Italy though
we may as well stop by but you might as
well going to Cairo couldn't can get
more info there mm-hmm I think we're
gonna be a lot more danger there and
we'll lose a lot more time there I mean
we're in danger everywhere we go yeah
but I think we're in more danger
we are danger so I am danger I am the
knight can we get a guarantee from the
captain that if anything goes missing
maybe we do get to go cash value kind of
good do we get to get off or or or keel
home I mean we can it sounds like we can
get off in Italy I have an idea what
would it cost for him to move the boat
to a port briefly in verse two eggs that
the boat is our fee we could pay him
props but we're anywhere any port
basically need to leave well on anywhere
in France yeah just ask him what it
would cost we would I could pay him a
fee to drop us off early make it worth
its while France I can pick me bring up
France all right so I will ask him if we
paid you to stop in France is that
something you could do he definitely
understood the word paid and France yes
and he he's he seems like he'd listen
make a make a credit rating I suppose
just barely missed all right I mean he's
still interested he's definitely
listening but you know he's sort of like
yeah there's a look of like yeah
Yeah right you I need to see the money
first in perfect English meanwhile as
you are all in the cat in the in up in
the bridge to very large crewmen come up
mm-hmm
I'm just like watching out the corners
of my eyes they will walk right past you
mm-hmm and they will grab the guy who
stole from you and they start to take
we shrugging almost perfect unison it
sucks to be that guy digging through
yeah just yeah okay you will never see
him again
cool the go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with the fella what's
the harm the harm isn't we have to give
him the money
how much much better than anything else
we have would have to do okay
Italy's free Tyrell is free there their
days from now how far away from Italy
can you find out how far away our way up
all right yes we're trying to figure out
how far where are we all right it gives
you an answer make me an Arabic roll see
if you pick up on some nuance here yes
all right
he is clearly answering in his Vega way
as possible
he is not telling you exactly where you
are and he's using like well you know
imprecise chart and I'll have to say I
want to roll navigates yeah yeah we all
have navigate to some extent yes
to say a sad thing about I have a little
but one to say to him that other people
he's captain he's he should know where
we are that's what I said
does yeah right what's the price he when
you say that he looks a little offended
and I look a little fended like he's
gonna try put something over on me until
he'll he'll say we are we're not to the
Mediterranean yet slow boat what's the
price so he quotes you more than this
boat probably costs yes that's negotiate
what's half of what we're willing to
give I have no money I don't think money
hash on hand yeah you probably each have
somewhere around two hundred to five
hundred dollars thank you most of your
you know most of your money is like I'm
gonna write a letter to the band you
know the bank and you know they'll wire
it yeah but they don't care your area
that's the Probot yeah a lot of money
carrying cash even today well between
all of us no no that's each of you cuz
in the twenty is when you traveled
travel with you just took a bunch of
cash because they didn't have traveler's
checks and you weren't sure if you know
your babe your bank could wire stuff to
whatever you were going all right
um I'd make a couple signs to people
yeah I'm not sure what that sign means I
get ready to tackle base means the Mets
are losing this year so that's nothing
new yeah I think the Mets were around in
the 20s really the Yankees were the
Yankees were yes I don't know I don't
know enough not know well what is the
Giants and the Dodgers only the bareness
for you
to Google stuff for us well you just got
the best stick guy through the window
what how much did you want for the
boat it was about ten thousand yes no
perhaps we offer him fifty per that's
what a within 24 hours the net for the
next part yeah we'll pay them fifty to
let us offer the porter each of us or
one of the three say friends that's it
doesn't matter it actually doesn't I'll
take Spain and Portugal fine too
but I mean how it will take us to get
back to London that depends on where we
are well you're two days out of London
you know we're two days I don't know
about the backtrack but sorry 50 / it
won't be Spain off I wish we had rank
your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but we don't know she doesn't
even isn't like fast talk yeah or or
or persuade yeah it's usually fast
talker persuade or credit reading can
also cuz I got it I got it okay persuade
yeah I mean if it's been and we're not
the Mediterranean yet it'll be a little
while that France is closer than that is
a bit closer do we actually know where
we are is the gun yeah we don't know we
know is that we're not in the
Mediterranean here
so I'll take any of the threes because
we're I mean for all I know we could
still be in London you be in Normandy
right now sailing through the Bocage
mmm-hmm go for it
alright okay make an Arabic role to
now I get a no one I love critical
success with an old one he will drop you
off he will he will
um that's a great role he will take your
he does ask why plans have changed
hmm our plans have changed alright yeah
so yeah they seem happy to get rid of
you and so they will let you off I was
looking for the route map is that in the
folder the the world map thing no I only
have one letter so yeah he will let you
off I never write I've got Flint here oh
goodness
that's going back to Castle a whole two
so yeah he'll let you off in I'll open
seven so this is as long as xvi he's
dropping you are okay seeing what is as
long as they have a train to regain
sanity relaxing train rides nothing ever
goes wrong on the train mm nothing tries
to eat it they don't explode in Porto
Portugal
okay [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the porch listen lovely town
I think we should stay I was gonna laugh
really hard if it was rawness banks
that's for my sisters stationed whoa
that's actually not that new so it's not
that fast like you would think a normal
like a large ship would have made much
better time two days support all right
so we got drop and this is like they
don't even dock this is just like row
there's a dinghy that takes you and all
your luggage and it goes back to the
boat yeah yeah cool and the boat is like
turning around as you're you know you're
going anyone speak Portuguese
no I sure we can wing it now I speak
Latin Italian and Spanish Spanish will
be vanished in Spanish my way close
enough
yeah at least get the idea across I
speak like Peru Spanish that I speak the
Spanish of 10 points el baño is four
points in Arabic you're just gonna try
that book passage - lets both booking
passage back to London or who's gonna
make the passage deal
the only speak Spanish yeah yeah all
right make me a credit rating rule I'm
looking for dice aren't I can we assist
citizens we all have this is to see what
kind of deal like which way is fast in
sentence 96 oh it would be a navigate
we'll see which way is fastest and you
should let me alright so so you you get
off in Porto and you you look to book
passage and yeah there's a boat that
will take you right away okay to London
looks a little you know the the guy who
is a lit like you lit like literally at
the dock mhm
you're like walking around like a guy
comes up and says you need the boat
I take you to England I take you to
America if you like instead but more
money
mmm-hmm so how much is the boat oh very
very cheap good board good board can we
see the boat he points and there's like
a it's a mastered ship okay mom historic
uh-huh beautiful boat to England and
where will you drop us in England what's
what's the port of destination London
can sail up detains River
historic what hot is historic
on the other it's a little too good to
be true yeah I was like historic is code
for rundown it's also not a train yeah
you know what else is historic the Black
Death yeah we're all gonna be here he
decides in his name up Shoop are you are
you we're gonna have to discuss this
excuse Corbett let's just I'm gonna sold
now that name is metal you're not gonna
get another another chance to ride black
dad it took us two days to get here
previous boat that could take us 30
seconds to drown to drown to the ocean
because I think you are correct should
we go see how much it is to get brain
I suppose yeah okay so the train will be
four days away and then a very fair
Dover and then another train in London
so it's gonna be four days oh my god
if you want to spend more money and try
and hire a boat that's fine
I've tried this is why we don't let me
talk to people the drink is more restful
which we think some of us could in four
days plus a ferry no four days total
support is totally in four days you will
be in London what ideas kind of of the
essence
Wow problems why we didn't want to go
any farther
yeah so I mean we kind of are so I there
we go on the black death we could we
could we could look for another boat yes
we don't have to we don't have to take
the first boat that comes along he's
best boat that sounds like relationship
advice that don't take the first book
maybe we don't book a luxury liner
because how do we get back into love I
mean you've got fake you've got really
good fake ID with it we have a guy say
when you buy a yacht and figure out what
the old view you could do that with
let's let's look at find another boat
maybe we'll get lucky okay I say we
split the party No so I'm gonna sit here
and just have a cup of coffee and we're
59.6 like once you're at the docks that
guy's following you everywhere you go go
okay I'm and then I'm gonna have a cup
of coffee and just let him hang out with
me Masuda my luggage sip some coffee
she's just like politely waiting yep
thank you to London so how many I'm
gonna ask him questions about like how
many voyages like when did you become
owner of the boat do you even own the
boat like all I am owner okay good boat
best boat so what do you use it for
board okay where do you do you fish with
it do you take cargo gotta go I'm rich
okay me too you're pirates of course I
am
what sort of the pirate the kind that
gets into trouble albans from the law
what kind of pirate are you this aim
really so where are you wanted we are
kindred spirit absolute I can never go
back to New York so you have a hard
bargain we're not drinking I'm like
whatever time it is people's that a
bottle of like moonshine oh my god yeah
so are you originally from New York is
that what no I'm Portuguese did was it
over a lady why can't you go back to New
York
no he's misunderstanding they always are
myself and two friends they thought we
tried to rob bank it was was just with
throttle got it was it with drop your
money which bank the black did throw
reserve oh yeah you should start small
with like Wells Fargo hmm
oh the wells advice advice just don't
hurt London yeah we leave now right now
let's go right this is wonderful I was
all right yes within within hours anchor
is lifted and you are sailing out
we're pirates now yeah we are part well
we were pirates before you just in a
minute to anybody all right
no pirates are good maybe we're not
going to love it maybe this is our new
lives you know what I might be okay with
that
we're not going back to New York because
neither of us can New York exactly hey I
can go back wait that's where my your
family is you know what there's an ocean
between em and it might not be far
enough I'm sorry captain what was your
name again
oh yeah his name is silver ah silver
Captain Steve oh that sounds familiar
I am the captain of the Black Death it
was news to here's to the Black Death is
doric so yeah he will he will
um how much did you negotiate good you
know like so he says he's got a box he's
like he studies his men he has six other
crewmen they start to take all your
crates down into the holes
let's watch the cries yeah I strapped to
yeah not a stable a good day yeah okay
I mean are you gonna go down in the hold
width oh just keep watch watch their
luggage was keep an eye on them so you
date you can clearly see where they put
your luggage it's all together in in a
section okay so you set sail it is
afternoon
so by evening you are out in the sea and
it is choppy this boat is not nearly as
with any sort of interest so I'm gonna
be gone can I get advantage if I drink
sure
either way the alcohol doesn't help oh
no brandy enough doesn't help coming out
either so I have the hard excuse hard
yeah yeah nice yeah you too yeah
all right shopping at the person with 25
Khan so you two seem fine you three are
in really bad shape you are up on the
deck deck
vomiting aching room yeah yeah and mr.
captain Silva is on this on deck this
thing actually has a wheel and he is
like on deck it's in the wheel in like
[Laughter]
not all of you are pirates I'm used to
boots there is a I stab people I know
there is ships hey really for you three
unfortunate dinner is a really
unfortunate fish stew not hungry
nope there's a little bit of bread bread
good yeah bread but yeah in a milky
[Applause]
looks like yes bread and just let go
hide in my cot or whatever I were yeah
okay I see a mist on the on the the main
level so there's essentially the the
deck the captain's cabin is up on deck
and then there is the main level and
then the hold okay okay it honestly
looks like this boat might at one time
have had
we have historic historic very stay
wrapped up at me and so yeah day two
dawns and you will have disadvantage on
anything you do great you do it do we
still get hit points back you everybody
gets one hit point back oh good we're
full we don't get anything so day two
about the whole day goes by 9 o'clock at
there is you hear noises up on the deck
Oh everybody make con rolls alright
today if you missed it last time you
make it's a straight one this is an
extreme six I don't I got I got a failed
to show everyone but Donnell is feeling
better
Donnell you are now lying in your
hammock just wish there's nothing left
to come out so you're just lying on your
hammock dry heaving and hating life I'm
looking forward to that soup I can't
believe that I got you here I do do any
of you speak Portuguese alright I'll
give you a Spanish role okay or could I
try Latin since they're all do Latin
would take a heart success so it's
almost the same it's like 101 no if I
would have gotten Latin I would have
gotten no actually Letton is a heart
success it's not a dream success all
right so you got a heart discuss tonight
all right
you he you it's not a perfect
translation but what you the gist you
gather is someone is yelling at the
captain about money okay
and the captain is yelling back about
something about pirates oh okay where am
i you are in down in you're on the below
deck there are two crewmen down here
with you and then the other guys are all
up working can I go up and I'm assuming
he's up above us or whatever yo can I
kind of climb up and like take a look
and see what's happening sure the two
crewmen will see that you're doing that
okay I mean you're not you you can't
really hide that yes so yeah there there
there are two crewmen
who are yelling at the captain about
something you know they're just like
yelling about are what I'm confused
about is are they are because having
been born it is my question
oh no these are these our crew on the
ship okay and they but it looks like
they are yelling at the captain about
something and it's it's something
involving money is what you've got okay
my dear wife yes I this should go it
does go to me all right I will be using
this shortly no no so I'm gonna run back
downstairs and gather everybody yeah and
be like I think they're shaking the
captain down to crew are yelling about
money and pirates I don't know if that
means that we're pirates and they're
gonna give us up that they're pirates or
whatever but I think that we need to go
upstairs and have our captain's back
alright how much money are we talking
about here I don't know if any money
calm down that's better than a mute now
as soon as MSS calm down you hear a
gunshot
guys below deck who are with you are
like looking up shocked no I'm good
they're shocked yeah we're going alright
so you will have a disadvantaged eye on
everything so you will all head up to
the you will make it up it is stormy up
on the on the deck the deck is moving
hard and there's this it's hard to hear
over both the wind and the creaking of
everything on this boat there's just a
constant background noise of as the wind
like strains everything on this old boat
uh and you come up just in time to see
two guys throwing something overboard
the top deck is not well lit captain -
its - two figures hmm
throwing something overboard does it
look human sized sure where's the
captain
let's go up yeah can I run to the agency
what they tossed over yeah I'm okay I'm
on you're approaching the - I'm right
now I'm going up I'm going to go up to
where that we are no no I'm next to them
so like they've tossed it oh yeah yeah
so you're okay are you trying to be
stealthy no okay
one of them turns around with a gun and
says stop okay and then I just kind of
keep inching towards that wait you keep
moving alright no growth I do a make a
dodge roll okay do it I'm like great
what's Dodge don't know all right
that would be an 87 inspiration all
right getting shot cuz getting shot it's
not great I mean I'm still recovering
from or it was occurring from a gunshot
ooh how would I bring are you I'm well
I've got enough points data does anyone
ever have enough points no never
here's a question what's your dodge
21 oh you know what I'm saying I have a
question do any of you know how to pilot
a ship I'm a fast learner what check
would that even matter yeah there's a
pilot skill navigate and pilot have yes
yeah I know Tom somewhere Thomas one of
Thomas's characters is just like
building character with pilot ship and
he was like wind when they drive a car
every boat we went on he was like can I
pilot it it's a passenger liner they're
not gonna excuse me captain would you
mind if I took over for a minute
why sure sir drive on her I knew
piloting javva Gatien the new piloting
so no dodge like nine points of damage
Wow and make me a con roll that was a
you've just been shot in the gut Jesus
Christ oh that's totally fine in fact
all right that oh that's totally fine
that is definitely a heart success all
right then you are still up and moving
around and angry we are gonna go to
all right he he already acted the other
guy has a weapon readied and he has a
saber of some sort these stupid knuckles
so he if nobody else he's gonna go on a
100 holes even when you have a readied
weapon and so he is going to he's gonna
try an intimidate role which you know is
kind of silly but basically a weakness
hmm yeah well what's he opposed for an
intimidating he only speaks Portuguese
so it's really not a great move on this
part but essentially the sense you get
is like they pointed em up and then the
Sabres pointing at you and back down
back down
III pull both my daggers out and go you
first
I'm captain not anymore
whatever it is an issue of time right so
that's 90s okay eighties so Donald and
kind of Indiana Jones fashion he's tired
of this guy with a sword does not throw
at me disposals gonna shoot to get the
gun all right basically with with
disadvantage yeah usually disadvantage
on this one but let's see 87 is a not a
success
all right so unless I want to use
Superman he's a really good with guns
yes
distally fumbles somebody else has to
say
it didn't make it doesn't count
you rejected 59 is a success so you hit
all right role damage right and then oh
wait hold on and oh don't roll damage
you get a hard six out of regulars all
right he so the guy with the gun just
matron matrix is out of the way 80 70s
I'm 75 all right I'm gonna come around
toward it towards a guy has a saber with
with my daggers okay you can totally so
you can attack this round with
disadvantage because you drew them in an
initiative okay
so sure give it a shot why not he's
gonna try very well I would have been
nice I made it it was a regular success
okay so yeah he like gets his blade
around mm-hmm and he's like ah captain
and I know and I just like grin
ferociously like uh-huh
historic I know that's like one of the
words he learned sixties that's me I
was climbing up toward the the ship I'm
yeah try to try to yeah I can't you're
gonna grab the wheel yeah alright so the
wheels currently lashed oh good that's
good and a storm is pretty normal
yeah yeah that's good to know because
I was thinking was free all right and
there's nothing we are pretty sure that
he's so there were a total of six
crewmen other than the captain yes and
you know where there are two downstairs
that seemed unaccounted for
now that were surprised that we're
surprised yeah there are two up here
that's everything you can see and so and
behind you is the captain's cabin
usually blocked yeah you might begin
there the garbage job what are you I was
gonna I will go look in there and see if
there's anybody else in there the
captain's cabin is locked okay that's
right that's you yeah I'm gonna run up
three nice okay nice you yeah you run
right up to the guy with the gun and you
sock him a good one it is very it is now
in this small area very crowded
everybody you three make me spot him you
for make me spotted in this and you've
got this advantage I'm a success all
right yeah there is there is devil
there's definitely blood on the ground
where these guys are okay mm-hmm
actually there's blood a little ways
away and it's dragged here okay yeah we
heard the gunshot we heard the gunshot
now you know everything's fine so the
blood is making things a little slippery
I'm gonna 40s yeah
all right so I'm gonna pull out my stave
cuz it's all I got
all right what are you get are you gonna
rain in with the stage well either that
or do I roll my machete skill to like I
mean I guess I mean I don't know what
does this mean so the stage these are
these Heights crooks on them they're
locked so there are yeah okay so many
cities you could use for assault I'll
let you use machete I mean I'm thinking
cuz all of its 25 for me it's not like I
have any other skill like brawl is the
same oh well the question is is it for
all is it what so if you're gonna use
the stave it's either gonna be machete
or stave
if you're gonna use brawl you're gonna
be punching I would give you I'd let you
if you wanted to use the staves in your
brawl I'd give you anis die because
you're like using it as kind of like a
to juice your punch but I wouldn't give
you you'd still roll your punch damage
okay so then I would I'll use it as a
brawling punch okay what's my phone so
you could have bonus die
another extra tin oh okay yeah that
means you're only two times I'm taking
the best of them okay
oh and all their gardens so the best of
them is 81 so it's not great no be I
see you run up and you like brandish of
staff at him menacingly and then can I
all right gun guy you shot at him so
he's gonna shoot at you expert you can
make a dodge roll that's good this is
the hard success that's not a that's not
a success to dodge 60 is a fail
I don't forget this take me I can't nine
points of damage on this nice yeah he
like he like you're like you had like
crawled all the way up the stairs and
you would like planted yourself to take
the shot you'd like you're like sitting
on the stairs make a con roll first you
had been sitting on the stairs if you
make the con roll you won't like slump
backwards
you success in the car so yeah you you
hold on thanks are feeling it I should
wear suits more often it's yeah it's the
headdress that's right maybe I won't
give it back and everybody make a listen
check and let me know if you get a heart
attack success and you do not have
disadvantage from the startle I Frick
well I'm getting all the 90s out no I
fumbled on the the blood check Malaya
99er I made it but it's not a hard
success alright so you made it yes so
you hear something and you turn around
and right behind Emma is a guy with a
knife that he grabs her and puts the
knife at her throat what are the sailors
hmm was it one of the ones who is
downstairs with us yes yeah and he and
and he says he's a stop stop and he's
just brandishing and he is like back
we can stay in initiatives if you want
it mean bad things for I think I'm gonna
like fries don't is anybody not gonna
stop I just want it can I aim but not do
anything just just
yes but he will be like focused on you
go ahead stop okay
are you guys gonna keep going nope nope
I'm above go up there but I've got my
hands up okay back off
okay so they can see me so once everyone
else backs off Donald sighs and lowers
his gun and then takes a look at the
bullet wound yeah yeah so the guy who
who you punched the first grade what
success on first day delays you get you
get a d3 back finally got that he'll
like kind of okay in my first day and he
says I'm captain more money more money
to London and then they pointed Emma
more money sure or and he like looks at
the stave historic buddy pay the pay
just pay him money we don't have more
we've caught just give him a little
because he snaps his fingers when you
said we've got no money and the knife is
like getting very close to her throat I
mean while we've each given a hundred so
far so I paid the boat 200 total so my
money's gone Oh your buddies knows okay
the rest of you have between 200 and 500
dollars your choice or based on your
credit rating whatever you want to do I
mean I have a 40 cent he has not put the
gun down they have not put Emma down and
they're not moving to like do first aid
on you at all all right I will
I'm keep my hands on wheels down try to
explain that if she bleeds out and dies
we're not giving any more money that
that seems beyond his English hmm yeah
we know him I don't have and she's the
only one so I mean you see she died
no money you see yeah yeah and he's like
money help
Oh put the gun away mm this guy with his
billfold Donald take out the 50 bucks or
whatever and just throw it on the deck
all right
so one of the guys the guy with the the
guy who had the the saber he might
scrambles down and he starts like
running after all the money grabbing at
all these are not smart or rich people
just stare at them yeah all of their
money that's about how much I have so
I'm like because I carry my money on a
pouch under my under my trousers so pull
it and pull out like $50 yep you know
just yeah I thought okay they're not
smart or a rich no you know they they
take the money everything in your trunks
is gone so any weapons or anything you
didn't have on your person not for long
is gone are they letting us tend to her
once the money comes out yeah they will
push her I'm gonna catch her okay okay
Oh
what's your first aid I'm gonna do first
day Donna all right least attempt to
five yeah that's so that isn't it is
that a harder extreme because a critic
of that the third rank or the second
rank second okay so you get it right
okay I'm not quite oh yes yes it is
because my display is 22 now Jenny I get
six points
yep yep yep okay they are not letting
you below decks they are essentially
corralling you into like the front of
the boat and there are two guys guarding
you where they're armed with was what
the gun gets certainly one guy with a
gun and one with a some sort of axe look
at each other way to bide our time
mmm to get the gun yeah but let's wait
we have time they're not they're not
attacking you or anything anymore good
for that and this is when they're going
through your stuff okay like the other
guys are going through all your stuff
wait so do you mean they're down below
going through our stuff right there too
so there's one guy at the wheel two guys
here and that leaves three guys going
through our thumb yeah I mean what
they're spending you don't I know this
might be you know where three guys are
mm-hmm
I've got quite a armory downstairs that
they're getting possession of as we
speak yeah but we need one to pilot the
boat yes that is that is correct we only
need one we need a distraction or
something to happen so it's just one of
them this is all because you rolled a 96
on that roll 96 99 yeah yep right who
can make a distraction what do you want
me to do it hurt you are good at making
distractions which kind of which kind of
dumb thing would you like me to do this
is day two right this is charge for the
17th in this is left yet yeah oh that's
right you were so this is seven so you
are man you know you are close I mean
theoretically you're close to England
okay
yeah but if we have to swim every
distance is too far it looks like a
rough swim yeah the channel is
historically yeah I like a swim I think
by now someone has swum the channel in
the 20s but I'm not hmm
but it was like you know if Newt damn
near killed him how long do we want to
wait until there's an opportunity well
but they're getting your guns now so
they're getting better armed they're not
here tonight the nice thing about those
rifles though is that they're way better
at long-range right except for my
shotguns Wow
yeah those are really good at short
range we've we can we've dealt
situations like this before not the
Royal we
[Laughter]
the Donnellan Alexandria we have the
my name is back in my pants by the way
all right they've seen they've seen your
stable they haven't seen that Steve nope
good still strapped to my back are you
ready
oh I'll be ready one should i one should
I am Richard a mix scene maybe maybe not
Emma you're in bad shape well yeah we're
going on camera haps that's fine I was
gonna go and be I'm so sick please let
me into the captains quarters
that might work too and hang by the way
I'm also bleeding intensely and hang all
over the guy and then white blood all
over a male but there you go there you
go a medical help yes did medicine yes
yes we've done trig do it come on all
right
let me no one do it so it's about 1:00
in the morning okay it's been an
uncomfortable time on here you figure if
if this makes the same time as your
other boat you'll be getting into
England you'll be you'll be you'll be in
sight of England in the morning and in
London by the afternoon all right I'm
going to recommend then that we wait a
little ways so that we don't have to try
and sail this thing into London with
what we know about ships which is
nothing I prefer nighttime for the what
we're going to do then wait then wait
until just before nautical dawn that
works for me whoa
what makes no idea what you're saying
there's three different why why would
they not just throw us off the boat you
pay them they're men of honour yeah like
do they they have no reason like as they
get closer to any sort of dock they're
gonna realize one of the first things
that we could do its call them call the
coppers yeah and if as soon as they
figure that oh they knew about your
know that so it's so a nice guy we might
have a timer before they realized that
it's better to just throw us over well I
think right before the Sun starts to
come up because know we'll be in London
by about afternoon oh Sh
don't give them time to think everybody
make a psychology rule nope you know
what I know I don't think things are
fine I think someone's gonna figure out
hey you want Doyle listen for that one
is the land on the is land literally on
my right side all right it's quite dark
and stormy so it's sort of hard to see
but everyone said all you see light like
a lighthouse happen there should not be
blood in the water just saying if you
think about swimming no I'm just making
sure we're going in the right direction
okay I really think they're gonna drop
us off that's the thing no no and I
think there's a draw I think as soon as
one of them realizes that it's a much
smarter idea to just throw us overboard
we need to act before that we don't have
till noon we might not have till morning
agreed make the distraction do something
let's do this both of you gosh what Mick
power rules me you two don't make it
alright you both the staves are
intensely hot like uncomfortable against
your skin really cuz I'm using it to put
my feet on at this point cuz I'm so cold
I'm like all right yeah you so it feels
okay but it's uncomfortable
they are uncomfortably hot like not
quite you know not quite like stick to
your skin hot like is this new yes this
has never happened before
I don't think we need a distraction I
think something's coming what does
spotlight shines on this boat on us or
on the one on you yeah spotlight like
shine like runs across the boat and it
shines on you the the three guys on deck
are freaking out and a a boat full of
very Egyptian looking sailors is there
hooking up to the they're hooking the
boat up to them and standing on deck you
see a very familiar head I'm gonna hide
behind one of our pirates and and as we
go to break just the the cinematic is of
sera lightly jumping across all alone
and saying give me the staves we'll be
back as soon as six people can use one
bathroom
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
you
welcome back I say as if I'd gone
anywhere I pretty much been here the
whole time but we are we're snacked up
we're you know a little bit of a sugar
high and I missed a chance to kill
somebody last week so let's see what we
can do this week I've got back I've got
everyone's named Emma yeah you are on
the bloody the blood rain soaked deck of
the Black Death Oh black you are huddled
in the front of the ship and a big
spotlight was just shy shone on you and
a larger ship it looks like maybe some
sort of another freighter of some sort
has come abroad abroad and like four
sailors are hooking the smaller wood
ship to hold it and lash it to this
bigger ship and I should have gotten her
picture but sara has just left across
nimbly she's an extra spawn and she is
she's I'm here for my staves well I want
my headdress back your headdress yeah we
have a thing Yuri told you your
headdress asked him typical Western
viewpoint oh just cuz we're friends and
he doesn't like you doesn't mean you
have to be jealous it's a thing but it's
a cool she winces a little when she says
yeah exactly you don't treat him with
respect
your people feel a birthright to my
culture your people feel they own my
history those staves I wish to return
them to Egypt where they properly belong
this headdress I wish to return to Egypt
where it belongs is that why you're
hm-hmm I can take it oh and I return it
take it off like I don't think you can
take it off try and take it off now you
can't can you
mm-hmm you can't do you particularly
want to the power seductive isn't does
she and we were going back to Cairo
Suu majors it's not for these pirates do
you really think that jubal would not
tell me that you got off my boat yes
after one of you our people were going
through our things yeah to find my
staves they weren't Hersh dives ah what
do you want to do wherever you go and
she pulls out a little vial mm-hmm I can
find you what is that what is that
Gavigan labeled these very well no can I
could I see what I mean I'd need like a
really good success here it's it's a
regular success but is it dark is it
like what is I'm assuming it's good
absolute it's a pile of blood okay
probably mine if I had to guess and I
warrant those staves are becoming quite
painful I'm I just like hold her eyes
and don't we don't give anything away
yeah she's trying to figure out where
she's yeah I can find them as well
you're just as evil as he is I'm not
white I'm not a colonizer
no you're a cultist I'm an Egyptian this
is my religion yes so your religion is
to call the black Pharaoh down and have
him do whatever he wants to do with the
world that's a great religion that
sounds just as bad as the colonizers and
in fact that's worse your Christianity
is based on half of humanity being saved
and the other half being left here to
die how is that any better wait it's not
a 50/50 split right no it's not no oh so
much church she's clearly not a feeling
I'm not really a Christian B I was
raised Christian and that's not how it
works yeah let's let's blink which which
of our religions has slaughtered more
people historically which of our agenda
is looking to black out in the universe
I wouldn't tell you
his plans his thoughts okay and I'm not
going to share them with you and clearly
he's trustworthy just give me the staves
and you can go you could also just leave
and give me the headdress
oh those sound like equally good options
right I mean you're demanding staves and
leave I'm demanding headdress and leave
it's kind of one of the one of the same
thing
one of us has much more leverage than
the other like what how many of them are
there when you say like what you hear
rifles [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the other ship if we're
going to do something do it before they
start you have done me a sermon and I
thank you for that you took care of
Gavigan I'm so happy to see a colonizer
put in their place now as a show of my
gratitude for what you have done all you
have to do is give me the staves and you
may leave on this lovely boat unmolested
as far as in that lovely
I'm not okay so fine I want your boat
and you guys can all get on this boat if
you give me the staves I'll take you
wherever you want to go that's that's
dodging giving you in the boat no I want
the boat put me on that boat is that so
I give you the staves you give me the
stay yes he gives us no it's great we
get on the boat first you want my you
want this boat that's better than this
behind put the staves on the deck of
this ship now I don't trust you though
no no we can't I mean we we've already
been jacked around several times by
people here and there and going and hold
on I'm checking if I care what is he
telling you come on
no I'm still checking no I don't care
and that's exactly how much I care
whether or not you get your damn sticks
back begin with look you've been shot
you've been shot with it I can tell
you're wounded I have twice as many men
as you oh so you know pour our blood
down the pyramids now huh hmm yeah let's
knock your ideas please I'm gonna get my
staves and then I'll either turn them
black Pharaoh wants everything he does
crunching blood on everything isn't care
of its Egyptian doesn't care who it is
he wants the blood you want to be a part
of that I mean he's a pharaoh so you're
assuming he's that he's a pharaoh who
gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about his people which he
doesn't nope
and again white people tell me what my
religion is about well that's cuz he
told me you think you're the only person
who has access to the black Pharaoh he's
talked to us too yes I met him in
gavin's I met one of his COS guys at
Gavin's they showed me they showed me
you're gonna have to take it you're
gonna have to take it we can't give it a
factor I mean is that your mo okay so I
just I walk my right leg is next to ya
I'm gonna pull that stave out and pull
and pull the other one out from under my
shirt and hold them up okay you can't
have them and I'm sure they're
uncomfortably hot at this point yes yeah
they are very hot and she just looks you
in smiles I can wait one of these two is
probably going to bleed to death
unlikely when you say unlikely a shot
rings out both you make luck rules 27 I
make it so hey 656 success all right so
who missed it by less or who made it by
who made it 56 I made it by 13 so 27 out
of 40 yes babe I'm like eight basa
all right make a dodge roll oh let's see
if your your reflexes kick in at the
last three they do
success all right so a high caliber
rifle bullet you hear Lee and like
there's a the the the railing behind you
splinters Donnell will fall down this
tumble down the stairs as if you got
shot so you're at the front oh you could
I'll fold the humble into the ocean I'll
fall down to something thick as I said
one of you is going to bleed to death
soon I'm gonna walk over over to the
edge and hold them out drop them glad
like one of us can communicate with deep
ones Emma you never told us about that
one deep weren't ya what what with the
headdress or where I think one of us can
speak to creatures that live underwater
drop the staves oh can you
you're the next one to get shot
no I'm truly interested let's see I want
to see some dolphins
well another shot rings out make me a
dodge roll mmm something I'm not at all
Sean I didn't make it all right they
missed cool so the rate the railing near
you splinters it looks yeah they were
all bad enough it looks like they were
aiming for the staves not you I can play
this game
instructor ritual how close is she I
don't think we have time for the rigid
so she she looks at you and she and
she's like I can play this game and all
of the sudden that sailor is at her
throat with a blade again oh sweet okay
he lives he's the one that's gonna take
a census this guy like you don't even
need to make a psychology role this guy
is the ugly kind of terrified that is I
don't know what the hell I'm doing but
I'm just so scared that I'm trying to
find some way to control what little is
happening so he now he grabs her off and
he has a knife at her throat and she has
not stopped smiling she's like not even
she's just looking at you and this guy's
like he he's like trying he he doesn't
really know what's going on because he
doesn't speak English and so he's like
looking at the boat and looking at you
and he's not sure who to tell to stop
but he's just like so now's her chance
to do something for me like brandishes
the knife that like the boat and you is
there any cover I can use in the firm
the top of the deck to make a liberal
cover from the other ship over here 15
oh yeah yeah you find there's a there
are some crates that are lashed Oh roll
being on the cover sure all right Leon
lay prone essentially on the deck okay
get the pistol out with two hands and
begin to aim it towards the Sirah and
the knife guy you got it and then all
this fire cuz maybe I'll spook him all
right yeah so put us into initiative so
we got fire all right this advantage
still you are still you are still till
who are you firing it I'll fire the
direction
Zarah and if I hit her not yet are you
firing at Zara or say her so sinner mass
is hurt okay all right where was this at
9 then that's a 99 20 the 90s sorry so
it's not a fumble but you you're gonna
interest into initiatives you like you
you take the shot as you're rolling and
it's a little bit of a wild shot and you
are now like you are now up on your
knees are behind the cover but you will
have you can fire you'll have it ready
to fire arm Kagura so you'll be plus 50
to your decks 4 initiatives going on all
right
so on a 120 the guy with the knife he
like the shot went out and he's like
they're shooting at me and so he stabs
the knife in zora's throat and it could
like like he's like panicked or
something he like misses and kind of
stabs her down here so he's not cutting
her throat but he has stabbed into her
she's still smiling she is still smiling
that's creepy yeah and I didn't
disintegrate or bits come off that's I
mean it's the key thing I'm watching so
she didn't do this this shield thing
that Gaffigan has yeah I think she knows
that 120 that was mid eighties 7075
didn't weight you even 18 oh wait sorry
sorry on a on a 100 to rifle shots will
crack out girl everybody make luck rolls
whoever gets the worst is gonna get 50
190 2000 88 with my luck being a 19 I'm
pretty sure you you missed it though
right yeah I missed it and it's a 90 so
yeah I definitely am I get shot oh you
should really make this dodge roll I
look great where I would highly
recommend it's not by mystic front oh
yeah it's just who rolled the worst ah
I'm not going to oh but I do
I make a regular success good all right
talking about giving me a heart attack
woman by the way I rolled a 19 just to
let you know okay don't forget the check
dodge 19 doesn't matter this characters
going in the drink pretty soon the back
of em is coming out I feel it oh so you
get worldly wear because he got a really
good role so you take three points of
damage but like it's just a little on
your shoulder the other shot you got an
eighty so it'll go at you and huh you
should also make a dextro although less
a good roll mm-hmm all right so this is
a rifle ask ask your buddy Donald how
much damage I do know this one depends
on the rifle models not know Donna by
using a bolt-action rifle which does 2d
six plus four so what are your
recommendations
what's your dodge is 39 so it's not
yours yeah you want to dodge this
problem yeah I think it's worth the try
let's do a try okay I will feel bad I'll
roll again try some cut one to spend yes
there is a hard success right you've
done yeah so you don't even get wing you
like a some cover all right that was 70s
yeah 75 I don't know the action or not
no you already you started out this
whole good did I see where Donald went
sure yeah I'm gonna you're under so you
are all under a bright spotlight okay so
you can see in fact I'll give you
advantage on any spot hidden roles and
it's the ship spotlight it's not some
magical spotlight that's right that's
right I'm gonna duck behind cover with
with Donal and like look at me so I'm
gonna say that the cover is now full
okay it's a two people can hide behind
gotcha well I mean let me rephrase that
people can hide behind it and do
something anybody else that's behind it
is like doing is too busy like staying
hidden yeah and I'm gonna like look at
the staves and I don't know what will at
the at them and be like do some
thing make a pal roll 30 out of 50
that's a success all right
you lose six magic points okay and the
staves are glowing okay do I have any
sense of what I need to do with this
wait a minute I mean you concentrated on
the staves mm-hmm you lost magic points
they started glowing okay that's what
you got
so I guess so many sixties i got nothing
i got dodge i can i can i can go behind
but not do anything that's what i'm
saying get out of the way right all
right if you make a luck roll you can
find some cover to sweet oh yeah all
right yeah there's you there's one of
those weird yes the air really know what
I'm sure there's some cool nautical name
felt probably sweet okay I am I'm hiding
behind there all right
yeah you find it is that all you're
doing just getting okay I'm trying to
also on a 60 before but pcs always go
first
szura finishes some sort of horrible
sayings in a sentence that only it
allowed she started talking only she
knows and the guy behind her so where he
stabbed her
what what's coming out of her isn't
blood it's like lava and he like
immediately staggers away his hands are
just like melting in front of you
everybody that yeah everybody make a
success in the Box know if I didn't you
lose one now if you missed it you lose -
uh-huh and he just like spirals away
screaming as his hands are melting in
front of you
and there's still a little trickle of
lava just like rolling down and it's
like slowly burning the clothes that you
know whatever she was wearing okay and
she has not stopped smiling fifty is I'm
gonna bolt towards the lower deck there
you go yeah you can you you are out of
the spotlight and you make it down the
stairs and there are two freaked outs
crew they're like two guys who are just
trying to hide two of the other see my
they both what they both have one has a
shotgun the other has a sawed-off
shotgun I'm looking for the rifle but
they're they're like totally ignoring
you
they're just like so if I'm trying to
say rifle they point down down here okay
okay 50s 40s can I go to where the
boats are hooked together can I turn it
take cover there I'm assuming you so you
flick you think that maybe the rifles
can't get you there yeah but Syrah will
be looking right you know Syrah will
still be able to see you got to pull
that headdress off of her
it'll it'll come loose for you who's
gonna be like a brownie nasty fun grab
it all in the swimming pool is there any
way I can get behind her well I mean the
last guy that got behind her it didn't
go so well for I know but yeah if you
this round if you like scurry to where
the boats are connected Nast round you
can try and come up behind turkeys yeah
if she stays where she is yeah this is
true if not I may if she's not looking
at me though my original plan was to get
by those hooks and unhook the boats I'm
like try and sneakily unhook the boats
okay so I would all go to so the boat is
lashed so you have like a knife they've
essentially like wrapped ropes around it
really fast they hook the boat close and
then they started tying ropes and those
are some sick-ass right yeah yeah yeah I
mean maybe laughs Oh would ya
you just needs her ah to bleed in this
dress yeah all right I'll just I'll try
and sneak around right so you are you
are out of rate the rug The Rifles
can't see you you are out of the
spotlight but Syrah knows where you are
okay
back so you're gonna be at 140 because
more than anybody else or what you have
a 90 normal 1818 oh so you're at 130
okay so that's still more than anybody
else so you will go first okay there's
just one spotlight right yes so he will
turn and shoot the spotlight it's
perfect yeah so this is you are sick but
dong is one success I mean is 267 is
with a pistol is a success all right if
you do more than three points of damage
all right you should because D ten
plus two so I well best your worst case
is a 3 but less I said more than three
four that's four six damage alright so
yeah the spotlight goes out it is dark
again there is a little bit of light
from the lanterns that hang by the wheel
and by the and at the front of the boat
those are the main lights the other ship
has some rough has its running lights
off so this was it was running dark okay
that was one one on a hundred the two
rifles will fire a lot of people are in
cover so they're gonna take a penalty
die and they are going to shoot the guy
with the gun one of them is hopefully I
so yeah you need to make a so you will
not have because of your cover okay
instead of getting you're gonna don't
get a bonus night just get rid of the
penalty time right are gonna need to
dodge that you need to dot it'd be a
great idea to dodge 25 is a success
there is no standard success that's fine
that's fine you dodged yeah
okay Diane cover the second shot where
the is still going after the staves so
okay I mean I'm talking behind the box
they're gonna they're gonna lie they're
pinning you down if nothing else nope
we're only gonna disadvantaged yeah I
roll them all again
well that's worse than a botch though no
no no it was not a turbo Amy okay all
right that was 100 90s I don't remember
we gotta look up zero 80s 75 35 um
that's raw is it right after you yeah
I'm gonna come up hold it holding the
staves and just be like whatever you're
doing do it and I'm like pointed at the
wrong cap our rule 14 that are a hard
success oh okay with a hard success as
you do this and as you lose three magic
points if your magic points go to zero
you pass out
oh god but I do that's good to know well
I'll be here yeah I'll be there to learn
so with the hard success you will
remember that you have been told that
these are batteries they store magical
power mm-hmm
but they're clearly not like the
headdress they're not intelligent [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
it's even filling them or something no
you yeah you've been feeling when you
say like do what you're supposed to do
it like I am and I don't know any spells
which is good for my sanity but it all
right sir off actually our youth are you
in the same boxes us no no she's on the
other thing yeah she's on that pipe yeah
I want to get in there I'm gonna come
over you could possibly sneak to her I
don't I mean or I mean the the the so
the problem is the spotlight is out but
these tapes are glowing yeah they are
Zara makes her power roll so she doesn't
listen to the headdress is the headdress
time to run away sure but this dress
yeah so sera will she'll start chanting
again great ok sixties god I gotta do
something come get them yeah I'm
coming charge we are buddies Duke fleed
has 500 bits for the layers thank you
thank you your grace and tamago Torah
has 500 bits to roll more Ami's which
sounds like it's going to me except that
we're the ones who keep rolling it rolls
them along alright
so yes so I am going to try to
stealth over okay make a sneak roll or a
stealth roll no all right so you but you
are so I'm gonna make you an offer
yeah either you are the night and you
are stealthy but it's slow-going or you
aren't you are not sneaking and everyone
sees you moving there your choice
no I gotta get there sorry I'm so
everybody sees you getting there okay uh
50s I remember like hold ever gonna get
a hold of DZ you head down to the bottom
yeah okay the bottom all your stuff has
been ransacked
yeah like everything's been thrown
around make a spot needing to see how
quickly you find looking for yeah uh
that would be a hard hard successor
right so you will next round have the
rifle okay and you know six bullets or
something what whatever there is in
there okay forties what's five there's a
row a big person
no she's five three no she's my height
you've got so much in common yeah best
buddies best buddy I want to stick a
knife in and twist it a few times now
careful with a lava blood though yeah
Emily decide what she wants to do but
she wants to sneak up behind her you
know what she's gonna she she has been
inspired by shortround today no no no
just do exactly behind her jump on her
back and cover her mouth in a classic
short round I love it all right I'm
gonna say make a stealth roll and if you
make the stealth roll you'll have
advantage on your brawl
okay stealth is under s yes oh that
might be a 20-something oh and I do it's
at 13 will give yourself a section
success and somehow we're pretty close
it's pretty cool yeah you sneak up on on
zerach okay and you like jump on her
back make a luck roll this is where
things get ugly probably because Amy
can't roll great forever I do not I am
NOT lucky all right you take one point
of damage as you like accidentally touch
a very hot part of her body okay moving
on and and yeah you can make a brawl
roll okay to cover her mouth this will
because you made the stealth roll this
is not opposed if you make the roll you
have covered her mouth 23 yes I actually
all right yeah so like so she's chanting
and you literally just stick your hand
can I be on her back in that short round
yeah yeah yeah you've totally jump
behind her and you're like one-handed
like telling her he is
like pulling on the headdress like I
want my stuff back yes make me a a take
off pal rest come back here I need that
[Laughter]
what was it pal yeah I'm gonna have to
because it's 62 do it 50 credits do it
or what no too late already gave it you
could spend [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is a pushing an
opportunity was it Amy
was it a fumble it was an aiming turbo
Amy I'm not sure oh well you know what
we yeah I don't think I can offer and I
nobody
nobody's gonna beat Amy in the Amy
ranking Robin I don't think you could
offer to push it yes if there's a person
you you have rapport the push so you're
the expert
oh here you are you are there and your
hand reaches against it and you just
hear like you're so close just I wish I
just like nothing he won't go wrong with
this you just need to follow your hearts
so here's what will happen all I'll make
you an offer if you push this roll and
you make it you will take the headdress
without putting it on Oh tasty if you
fail it's done we'll see what happens
[Laughter]
I think you mean your outfits don't
match me you will you can get better
outfits you're not getting a better
headdress
[Laughter]
you want to alright so yeah I you know I
made you the offer so was that all
hard success I don't even know yeah oh
no it was a hard so our stream would
have been 11 alright so you you might
get your hand under and you slip it off
and you're still on her back like
rocking around and the headdress is like
put it my pocket just like we used to
back in the good old days buddy sure you
made a great roll oh yeah you made a
great roll yeah against all of the odds
yep so I'm Ramon all right what
so there's you you there's just this one
moment as you're putting it away you
hear like wait I can help you I know and
I just think I love you too and then put
it my behind all right I'd like to not
bite and they make the power make a pal
roll
okay to resist oh yeah that's an 11
alright that is actually an extra you
know not even yeah then yeah you who
you're just like I love you but know
anyone else terrified she's about to
start rolling 96 yes
all right give you such sagely advice to
put it on all right we're back to the
top the lineup
all right do I know where the two
shooters are it's a little washers or
something without the spotlight glaring
at you but you'd still I mean you're
already gonna have disadvantage so you
know okay so this will okay so your luck
roll well you always inspire that second
entry thing all right no I got inspired
before you make a look wrong what sorry
what if you turbo will be amazed the 64
is a success
all right though you you shoot yes still
make me a luck roll no no do it do it
move your image all right that's fine
it's a 15 for six points all right
six points more lava pours out of her
and barely misses like there's like some
sitting around you and yeah just Lotus
wooden we've been going through the
waves and things you know none of her
blood has spilled to the ground
oh well sue stinks all right that was
that up on a hundred you know what you
made a great roll so yeah you've still
got her mouth covered even with that she
is gonna bite your hand this is my time
so exactly so she made she did three
points of damage to you Wow rip your
palm open and make a con roll to keep
your hand in her mouth
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cat T that sucks that's a 9600
this gets good things here it is hmm I'm
gonna make you an offer
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay either you like yank your hand
out of out of her mouth because of the
bite and like dangerously close to the
lava yeah
or you drop the headdress ah hand comes
on the mouth okay make it Dex roll this
is not what I'm good at
I miss you take four points of damage
from lava and one of your hands is
really badly burned okay that would be
yeah left your left hand is really badly
burned her mouth is free now well I'm
trying but I'm not I'm not until the end
of the table yeah all right also then
rifles
we're gonna keep shooting at you guys
with disadvantage oh do I want an 18 or
an 18 oh wow that's 26 is a success
alright hard success that's a
regular success okay so you're gonna
it's gonna win you for three points of
damage sure all right and then one at
you do I want a 17 or 27 I'll take the
27 make a dodge roll Lord nope
alright this is the big hurt ouch glad I
got those Steve's over to you yeah yes I
roll like that
you take nine points of damage I'm sorry
that's not the big hurt I couldn't
that's so much more I rolled a six
degree of no use for a very long time
since I need to take around two aim if I
even want to chance to hit just learn
how to use a rifle I'm downstairs thing
yeah you know it can be a club before
those fields you know charge do shoot um
so the professor is now over with you
guys yeah and she and she pass them over
to her on her turn because I didn't yes
okay grab em oh dude did I see that oh
you know what actually the the spotlight
is out so roll I'll give you a spot
hidden to notice that nope
alright you does not help you you see
Emma and Zara struggling there has to be
some and obviously with all that damage
I yell a little bit yes yes having your
hand ripped open
I'm gonna draw I would have put a dagger
away in order to have a header to have
the staves in my hand so I'm gonna draw
a dagger and go and make an attack all
right I'll give you an attack at
disadvantage since you drew this round
just like well it's not a fumble it was
very well it's not a fumble dat story
there was a 94 who dear I said it was
very close okay that's 70 60 yes if I
couldn't see anything about the
headdress or anything I'm trying to make
out what's going on over there sure you
can make the spot hidden that's not if
this won't be action I did all right
yeah you notice that 0 is not wearing
the head the head the heads all right
and I've got these I'm gonna see if I
can get you go into Emma's pocket no I
don't know where it is I think it's off
but I'm gonna see if I can grab her
power with this raw power
huh make me a power rule interesting huh
the nine yeah that's a very weird at all
it's a great role I'm gonna make you an
offer
oh you can either not do that and
nothing happens or you can do it but
it's gonna have a similar effect to
casting a spell okay you're gonna suck
some of her power yes
all right roll me a d-10 let's see how
much of her magic points you take five
all right and you lose to sanity cool
and so for the first time you would
notice this like Zara like swears under
her breath mm-hmm and like she's not the
smile is gone you you did it
mm-hmm that was 60s D is it smile yeah
I'm grabbing the you're you you can hit
you're gonna head back up now okay yeah
and put a bullet he knows this GM but I
born at night but not last night it was
two nights ago yeah if I can encourage
the other two I'm going on for ya I'll
give you a persuade rule [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] be
panicked sailors to run up and fight the
devil woman put it like that I know my
chances are bad there no all right yeah
they're like go ahead that's our that's
our promise to you not take it 40s
make a power roll I'm gonna run like
crazy all right so yeah I missed by two
all right I mean so it's not miss oh it
says what's I can help can you make me
run faster cuz that's where I'm going
right now might you away from here I can
get away from here too
no I mean like I like what are you gonna
make me fly you know what what do you
want to fly no I want to stop arguing
with you so I want I just want to run
I'm just running I'm just running
downstairs I'm very disappointed I will
talk about this later we'll talk about
this when we get home so you you passed
you passed Silvano on the stairway is
he's coming up with a rifle yeah I do
first date but I keep my thumb in your
hand yeah no I I have the headdress
getter okay I can't actually fire these
very well good but you're a distraction
1:30 take another shot at her okay with
disadvantage of course it's a 34 it
actually would be the hard success yeah
all right she only made a normal dodge
where all your damage so does he get
full damage so that's gonna be 12 full
damage no oh sorry yeah yeah you might
you made it you did a hard hard Gus yeah
all right
yes she did not enjoy that you're
gone so it happens so you shoot her and
you do 12 points of damage there is an
explosion of lava from her gut and as
soon as it hits the deck just things
start on fire we've got another boat
over there yeah guess who was close to
that fine oh yeah make a make a deck
swirl this is why I don't remind you of
things I made the decks right you you
jump out of the way you are in the
middle of fire so you should consider
moving you Poe should stab her a bad
idea have other knives my throw is
girag will take a penalty die pull out a
gun and shoot you oh you should roll a
dodge I don't like it when you make that
face it's where's the rest of our
inspiration we're all that where's the
inspiration oh when we warned we had
just one more oh man you take four
points of damage I'm running like hell
the next turn and she shoots you it's
just like you've cost me everything
good that's gonna work here and on the
rifles will wring out one's gonna go
after you you should make a dodge roll
Oh huh that's not that's that's not it
that's pity three of us fail so Oh
that's eight points of damage
Oh and he is on eight hit points of
damage right zero so make me a con roll
all right six years of fail okay so take
the eight points of damage you're at
zero mark off that major wound box how
so a quick cinematic moment happens like
we are the cameras behind this sniper
here and we follow the bullet as it just
like goes through you into the the back
wall in this like this was a deep shot
and you are bleeding profusely and you
collapsed to the deck and just in time
for that Duke fleed
has a thousand bits apparently but only
for Alexandra that was the best shot
ever I want to do that again man yes
because I'm not going to share it with
people yeah it's yours to do the games
you will I like you guys too much to see
you too the other rifle is gonna
shoot at you cuz you're out in the open
now
instead sporting one ours so it has a
specialty I was gonna say either it's
dark or or I'm raised in fire and it is
hard to see to be higher definitely and
the penalty guy does it for you the shot
gets very close but misses okay that was
where that 70s
run like hell all right where are you
running I saw Silvano heading it
heading for the stairs I'm gonna gonna
head downstairs downstairs is this level
is already starting to fill the smoke
okay I'm from the fire then I'm just
gonna be like on the top of the stairs
like duck down enough that really dog in
it yeah we're good sorry go ahead
well that was inducted enough that it's
very hard to see me and like try to
staunch some of the bleeding all right
you can do a first-date roll this turn
where am I compared to her as well as
where the two guys so the two guys so
you came down this hatch you are now
down on this floor and you see Alexander
spades no well yes but I also see like
the the smoke and the like cinders and
the the the burning coming through the
deck okay it down here the front of the
top deck the two guys are like they've
set up they've like taken boxes and made
a little barricade and they're behind it
okay I already forgot what I was asking
you to roll that first time right okay
you don't get any first day seventies
sixties first day
all right roll the first date that is an
excellent use of it yes
No all right it's not quite to the level
of salado's intensive caramel that's not
right I stare at them hard so that that
Syria that major wound box yeah check
that that means until you had medical
care which is like a doctor hospital
everything if you go below zero hit
points you're dead normally if you go
below zero hit points you get a major
wound and you've got sort of more time
to come back but with a major wound if
you go below zero
you're it's not is he at zero he's he's
yeah I would to zero yeah so I mean you
you don't want him to take you don't
want him to get shot again right right
that's what I was trying to get this um
no one shoot him I mean he's down yeah
yeah medicine that's tomorrow's field
medicine you like to take it out he's
not an active they are not they don't
seem to be that's why they don't need
people that are not doing things all
right that was seventies sixties unis
birthday fifties I'm lining up that shot
sure you're gonna spend so you spend
this whole time rating you will have
advantage you have on your next shot
where you shoot him you know so long sir
ah okay all right 40s I am going to
be I'm gonna go to the gentleman and
just like give me that gun with the
regular rifle the shock know is shotgun
and sawed-off shotgun this shotgun
no sign of shot I'm gonna give you you
make either and intimidate or a persuade
your choice if you need to put sand
captain no I mean you're like you come
down you're covered in blood
there's some your hand is starting yours
the boat is on fire put the boat out
give me the gun put the book all right
that's far beyond his English okay but
give me the gun Spanish it's pretty cool
I can't roll all that stuff all of it
sucks so alright so so you say give me
the gun you want to do one inspire it I
do we want to really use the inspir then
we need to use that for saving wine yes
yeah yeah you might be about to get shot
no he's not best shooters he's not gonna
shoot you he's just like you say give me
the gun and he's just like pointed gun
at you like yeah but it's gonna do so
much good against the fire he's like
these guys are you don't even need me
make it their eyes are wide they are get
verified hmm this is like you know they
thought that like mutiny was fun and
easy and they could make more money and
instead everything's on fire and there's
a hell woman or at least one hell what
more maybe more than one yes okay is
that kind of all I can do then I
get a gun well yeah you can I mean you
can wreck run downstairs user I figure
there might be more yeah all right so
then you run down the thing next I'll
make me a spot hidden row let's see how
long I would you do I succeed okay so
you too but I still succeed did you have
anything else in your six I mean he
basically had yeah shark two shotguns
one Ryan you find a shotgun okay yeah
okay yeah you you find a shot
if only you guys had some explosives
you'd find some exposure yeah he'll be
best that there's no explosives on the
ship at this particular time let her go
suddenly I'm feeling like Sebastian's on
the boat we just don't need to
accelerate it that's it I'm ready to
paddle on a box you know I didn't go to
that freighter yeah you got a really
awesome book that I don't want to catch
on fire actually if I can find that
first good strangely they did not take
any of the books I can appreciate that
alright yeah hurts that was that was
that was the end so yeah top of the
lineup oh you were unconscious yes you
are out that means rifle guy I'm always
left on the deck sir oh yeah well poor
Joe oh well I have some good news for
you
my wife taketh and my wife giveth away
and you have a thousand clothes
see let's see another GM do that that's
the kind of skills I bring to the table
um
Thomas did not get the dress-up memo he
showed up in a hoodie okay which in
fairness is dressed up for him that's
fair I've seen Thomas look very nice
really really formal events you know we
went to prom it was lovely
alright yeah miss been adorable the
theme was our understand sure alright
talking to the deep ones right now right
there's one person left you are behind
come yes yes I'm really behind cover
alright the first one cover does the job
second one cover does the job alright on
a hundred
no sorry that'll be on seventy 70s
pcs go first alright I'm gonna try to
first aid myself again cuz okay I'm in a
lot of pain sure Enid is just really no
different than twenty it has had no
impact whatsoever like like and that's
towels in nineteen is no different than
twenty like team is no different than
twenty how much HP when I get back
addy three sweet sweet hell I'm coming
with a gun no you're not you couldn't oh
you found the others I'm not gonna use
it because I'm useless
hey me too but I'm still putting forth
the effort yeah that's how it starts
that's how you stay alive fine I will
spend the one point of luck I don't like
it when he does that fist time you know
do I do I get a check for it because I
have you made it a roll Oh interesting
question yeah you spent the look I'm
gonna say well excellent
hey YouTube watch the rules you may have
noticed that sometimes I make up rules
let me know what the real rule there is
if someone spends luck did they make the
skill do they get the skill check no I
I can treat a luck for a hip pointer
down that low yeah yeah yeah all right
you have to do a d3 of damage by 70 um
Syrah
mmm we'll I mean there's no other way to
put it she descends through the floor ha
ha mind
she will she was like float she will do
her damage to herself good all damaged
and she like slices of vein it just
melts the floor below her and just like
drops to the next floor the two guys
down there are just terrified they they
she looks around and I'm gonna crouch
there on the stairs
and and now you know that it was indeed
your blood because she looks around and
she looks right at you and she starts
chanting seventies sixties all right I'm
gonna try to to to at least get blood
still active no no that everything's on
fire I mean that should ceará way 100's
but not so no cigar right we here's that
clothes apparently recuperating from
there at their adventures I'm really
hoping because he has psychology think
she's able to help everyone say I'm
getting small hand guys like oh we sail
back to your doctor meet our old pcs in
charge of this boat call you when we
need something yeah okay you have a shot
with the UK why yes you were at the
stairway yeah so you can like look down
and see her I do it you just go get
advantage it's hero time
you guys need all the help you can get
innate this it has to be the advantage
plus the reroll because I do not have a
oh my god
okay two zeros no no yeah you ain't sue
yeah that is definitely a critical it's
extreme that is max damage
what does tell me what the amounts
damage on the rifle is so the rifle is
sorry you know no double damage well
tell me what to do six plus four so
it'll 0g six plus eight there just
aren't that many d6 in history is it
possible si most ATS League champions
Wow holy crap that's the same thing so
uh seventeen yes so that's what is 2045
please be dead
21 plus four is - Wow Sachi literally a
25 25 damage he did he dead hmm she took
12 to 12 here what does the killing blow
to no lava blood miraculously no lava
blood extinguish the flames you you you
rolled ridiculous I'm gonna give it to
you as soon as so you fire and you
puncture her right through the heart and
as you see the flicker of life leave her
eyes the the magma just turns to her
blood and and that's so like there's one
pump of her heart that is magma and then
the next pump is blood and she staggers
back to steps and she falls backwards
saying everything and that is said that
is at least half of your problem cured
is the Buddha still on fire that's the
other half so when a third of our
problem here the other third are those
others are those snipers create a new
ball and I'm gonna have to find my book
first check that all right he's 50s
forties so uh-oh
but make a power rule that rifle it's a
nice rifle rifle it's got a bit of a
kick to it yeah seven all right Oh
seven yeah that's an extreme success
she's dead
she's dead put me on well just calm down
we got to think straight for Steve's and
put me on no no no calm down
I got business to take care of all right
you rolled a seven so I'm gonna run
upstairs mm-hmm
you run up with a shotgun in like you
see Zara's lifeless body and like two
terrified sailors are just like and I
was Andrews like sitting on the stairs
just like holding a hold in her chest
going there like looking at you
terrified now yes
they shouldn't be but we click off the
shotgun so I'm gonna try and do first
aid on you thank you it's not skillset
oh shoot
five-o is that a critical or heart save
me the alphabet so it's a heart success
nada all right so you get a d6 back nice
little one no that's - all right does
she get because it's not it's not an
extreme but it's it's also she gets a
d6 and stubby three okay if you roll it
critical you gets it automatically gets
six back okay okay and then I'm like how
do we get this other boat unattached to
us cuz I have terrible ideas like you
know taking her upstairs and be like
haha your witch is dead are you actually
are you all right other than you and i
we're gonna come out of initiatives so
what are you what are you gonna do I I
need to fix him up all right I said you
are height all right so you were hiding
behind colors all right stayin alive at
stick yes only the one bites the dust
okay you hear you hear a voice on the
boat yelling like cast away cast away
our book might pull theirs down as we
sink Wow a portion of Atlantica so there
so we're out of initiatives now I'm just
gonna go around the table we'll start
here what are you doing on your doing
first day I think and first dating and
when they tell them you you get
advantage because you can take some time
nice other way yes yes yes I picked up
the wrong one
[Applause]
all right there's just not enough time
oh all right what are you doing your
glide down to look for your book well
not my glory yes that eventually will
happen but more importantly I'm putting
it this mode how much eventually this
game has smoke fire I'm just trying to
get them to just the basic words put out
the fire
oh the two sailors the two sailors uh
and then I'm running out down to make me
but what's amiss I mean Academy skill
mm-hmm fast talk sure ate off all right
one of them the guy with the sawed-off
shotgun mm-hmm like you who like pointed
him and you pointed the fire and he's
gonna he's gonna like run to for the
deck well he'll be a distraction if
nothing else so but the other guy is
like just I feel very safe in a corner
in a little belt barricade as things are
sure above your head well you know he's
not smart he's just we have established
this yes I mean and you know he does you
guys don't really have a reason to be
nice to him now so right now he's got
some power here he feels like whether he
does or not and then all downstairs to
look for my book okay
what are you doing I'm gonna go
upstairs and try and try to get a sense
for what's going on and whether or not
we can either cut the other boat loose
from us or and get on to the other spot
hidden role there a party nope that's
why I feel like that's a 95 795 off
sadly knocked not quite and you start
using these dice for for treasuring so
you get up
the fire and the smoke and the chaos
it's hard to tell anything that's going
on do i I guess I wouldn't see them what
do you see nothing your eyes get fixated
do the spreading fire on the top can I
do anything to like I have like find a
cloth Tim to start beating it out there
are buckets of sand okay you remember
seeing I'd like to go and find one of
them you can in and start trying with a
95 you're gonna like be looking for a
little bit that's fair [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're
bleeding
good yeah I am going to I know I can
only do technically one thing by the
sheets I have to hit points so I'm going
to do first aid in a manner of strapping
like basically taping myself up to a
flotation device cuz I know this is
going down and I know with two hit
points I'm not gonna make it in the
ocean

you feel your entire
boat move it's being
cut off they're cutting the lashes so
your boat goes away is it moves
immediately it lists a little bit away
from the other boat as okay the first
half of the lashes are cut I have to
move fast so this way this time what are
you doing I'm gonna try and save myself
still all right what first date no I
miss it by one at that point of luck
alright you get a d3 back cuz it's in
the ladder we're gonna turn or you could
oh it's a for nevermind two points oh
that's a d4 so half of 6 is 3 so I'll
take 9x out you get three points back
okay dogs gonna bleed I'm gonna keep
working on trying to put the fire out
all right yeah you will find a thing of
sand make me a luck roll with my newly
lower in luck hope you may miss it by
one I didn't
I missed it though all right this is you
are you are you know you don't feel like
this that a bucket of sand is doing a
lot
this boat is burning the problem is the
fire is spreading to the lower decks but
you I mean you definitely put it on
there and that's helping some alright I
see what enemies doing dude did I see
any flotation devices make a look roll
well I was down there doing my thing ah
yes all right there are a couple of like
ya of rings mm-hmm and there are there
is one dinghy is the dinghy anywhere
near where there might be fire problems
no okay I want to try and the dinghy is
essentially at the back of the boat
there's like a pulley all right cool
I'm gonna start yelling for everyone to
come to the back of the boat okay and
just like top of my voice get out get
out get there's a boat back here okay
I'm gonna do this alright Nick what are
you doing I'm looking for your book well
I mean I saw the books were left there
right yeah yeah just just grab it then
back up then sure only the one or just
there's only one that I actually care
about don't you have a couple of
other books probably but none that I
protected or do you have the I thought
she didn't I don't know well they're all
down here
no Africa's dark secrets was not one
that we found that was when that Jackson
Eliza was looking for and was missing
out of the Harvard library which one you
have one
look I mean I have owned it also okay so
what did Aleister Crowley get I have
weird memory memory I mean I've got
notes from like research that's just the
papers stuffed that's just paper stuffed
into that book to make after drank like
I only I only really have one book that
I have any interest in that's the book
right
that's actually my book on African
herbalism yeah I found that very
fascinating and then there's just my
notes so I would probably all my stuff's
from there going on at one point yeah I
didn't
I don't recall anyone else grabbing no
maybe I'm wrong books at one point
there's the X are gone that got booked
please give it to us oh I the way the
books go thank you this goes in my
pocket hooray
if there were more important books down
there they're staying down there and
sinking to the bottom of the ocean or
catching on fire and then sinking to the
bottom of the ocean 6:01 all right I got
to get him up and right you're gonna
hear them you'll get him there and gave
you time okay girl all right is anybody
not rushing to the escape boat I would
sensibly if I saw the yes you want
anything down with me I would grab those
on my way okay yeah you find a ring
you'll take it I actually want to get to
the side where it's strapped on and see
if I can take shots at them trying to
undo it
sure yeah I take a rabies shot with
advantage they are not paying attention
to you even though their ship is metal
they're still worried about fire it's a
pretty hot fire yeah regular success oh
yeah you shoot so there's a guy with a
machete mm-hm just hacking this rope and
you just go blam and he like falls
backwards so that's the mode I want to
be on there you go there are who knows
how many more of them well that's my
concern have I'm sure I have four more
bullets yeah you for what yeah and we're
not we're not far from England a
spotlight another spotlight comes on and
it's like sweeping trying to find where
that shot came from I will probably not
be
as conspicuous yeah there it's if there
hasn't it hasn't found you so far okay
all right the rest of you are going to
the boat mm-hmm
all right yeah so everyone but Nick is
in the back of the boat no no well make
sure okay I mean like lean and scream
salvado
New York we are taking his gun and stuff
with us sure not his shotgun or no
Chopin got the right the riper and I
think because they have it don't you
have another shotgun yeah so you know
one of your mini shotguns are okay so
you can pick a couple guys off it seems
there's at least at least eight guys
over there oh yeah I'm looking run
out of bullets
yeah I'm just like screaming your name
like I can only kill four yeah we're not
taking that boat can you guys all stand
together they lying down all Deadpool
I'll bide my time and run over to the
like all good snake yeah right so um
they will inch before you are before
you've gotten your boat in the water
they have cut all of the guidelines ooh
and so you are now this boat is adrift
and you see this the freighter is
starting to like pull away which
direction is ahead I'm it is heading
back towards England I use the harpoon
rifle that I brought with me all right
looks like attached ourselves all right
let's let's get this thing in the water
yeah so you get in the dinghy and it is
gonna be a really unfortunate night of
rowing to get to either England or
France
I think France whatever's closest I
don't care we sure we can't go back to
London that's fine no no now now is not
when we want to we want to go because if
she has that if she has whatever is
going to end or in straight the world
the little the little gadget the main
you need to get that that is the most
important thing we do doesn't have it
what do you mean she doesn't have
you more put me on no apparently she
doesn't have it all right then it's
still Adelaide I'll put it on then it's
don't like it's gonna be your toy yes
yes yeah this is very stop talking I'm
just gonna be sitting in the back but
like you charlisse to have a headdress
so you brought this upon yourself let's
let's aim for whatever the closest
llantas so I think I'm rowing I don't
crew I'm gonna give first aid a shot on
him kill the character I'm all I was
like please hard hit a hard hard success
[Music]
all right you you to focus on ruin I'll
take care of him oh where are we
stunning steady on the Atlantic the
English Channel right alright so fine
dragon cinematic we see sort of the boat
you're rowing towards the camera behind
you the flaming Hulk of the Black Death
slowly just burns itself until it sinks
whatever happened about one crew men who
ran up we'll never know never know
I hope they burned I could if you really
wanted to have him grab on to the boat
mm-hmm try and bring his way in but wait
does he have all our money he's doing
all of the rowing are you going true I
need my money back and you better have
my money and you know the last thing we
see is the ship sinking the fire and we
see surahs' body as it slowly descends
into the water and as it goes into the
water there's like hissing from the sill
it's still incipient heat and all the
cool stuff that she had on her that yeah
oh we didn't move the corpse rook so
where I was kind of busy not dying yes
so it will be the morning of the 18th
when you make make land on a beach in
France somewhere France how the hell are
we alive you all notice that Donal is
like coffee grey and you know not in a
good like not in a good way he has been
there there this is beyond like
my lungs yeah my lungs took the bullet
yeah I can hear it's something I think
it's collapsed it's okay we do have some
money left we're gonna have to find a
doctor yeah choir for your fake IDs you
can't you hmm let me rephrase that your
fake IDs don't have any money attached
to them so you don't have to use your
real name which is fine because we're in
France
yeah that's a--that's a sentence which
is fine alright are we anywhere near
a road right like if I go out and I
started doing this we can't drive a
dinghy I'm not trying to find a road so
we can get Donald to a hospital
they here man the correct response would
the Steve's they they kind of calm down
right they're not they're not Steve's I
know of also for the record those things
suck a hell of a lot out of you you're
fine
yeah they suck the hell of a lot out of
me and Zara all right yeah so you will
you know you will spend all of today
getting to somewhere with a hospital
basically and if they want to keep
Donald for you know yeah at least three
days honestly I was like I need a day or
seven honestly it wouldn't be the worst
for us to all stay under I'm sure he's
not the only person who's yeah yeah I I
think it would be in all of our best
interest to stay in medical care for my
well I feel the least sorry Alana's
gonna be the cafe over here you and I
will be there I'll bring y'all sticky
buns oh my god you two are safe and you
have the staves bring a beret next time
well first we have to side all right so
you are all going to the hospital all
right so you're gonna spend three days
in the hospital so this will take us to
the 21st you will all over the course of
that care over three days you will all
get 13 hit points back oh thank god so
michael brauer max right that's right
not Mayans back yet still have the major
wound or not oh no no now that you Omega
con rolls sorry Thank You Khan roll all
right that's a failure all right Islands
pirate yeah oh thank you yes no I want
to get rid of that major wound success
Donald's lungs in the drain make you
show them up its yeah no longer dying
this is good alright so you two up
three days so actually new we want to
keep the staves yes do we want to look
for some other alternative for I've got
well I Esther that problem I know we're
fixing okay we're gonna fix him it's
gonna fix my bite
yeah gonna fix it I gotta fix my buddy
uh how so you're gonna what are you
gonna do try and go out of some houses
and energy from the staves to him well
I'm gonna give him I don't know I don't
I don't think that's you know I think
it's gonna work no no III think my
understanding of it is we would actually
have to destroy them to get the initial
the power that created them I don't know
if we want to do that with these I think
we should do a little more research then
because because I don't think we I don't
want to I don't want to I want to get
rid of them and in true call qu fashion
let's go to the library yes
all right both of you can make me
library you will you know you've got
three days you're like we're gonna Paris
will be back yet you're gonna get a
lovely hotel in Paris sure hot I'm going
to copy shop said offering it gets
involved oh you found something
yes all right so I don't find anything
you were looking for information about
restoration of souls yes using items to
restore so Souls there is I mean it's a
lot of what he was saying that there is
in you know if someone imbues one of
these items with a piece of themselves
that can the destruction of the item can
be channeled to direct that essence
somewhere else so it's a very difficult
ritual
destroying items like this is never a
you know never a sure thing
you know nuclear explosion and whatnot
yeah so I know the next thing I'm gonna
everywhere there's a stack of dice in
front of you I mean the good days are in
earned the the kept thing I can't see
that what numbers is so yeah that's it
alright is 49 makes it I mean you know
what's happening just everyday so they
have put the thing in a drawer by your
bed okay
we caught a litany that every do you
give yourself disadvantage on the next
[Music]
Tamar oh I look for a dress that goes
with that yes oh geez mmm statements 82
looks good on you a dress yeah what is
great is what is your pound fifty five
it's a disadvantage you're wasting let
it be I'm gonna let you push that roll
with without disadvantage you can make a
straight roll on this push if you make
it there will not be you will not be
enticed to put on the headdress while
you cuddle with it but oh if you fail no
well here's the thing is that I like
with an 82 can I still resist it I can't
can I no I mean I you can push the roll
that's what I'm saying you can push the
roll use the dice Thomas Brown yeah or
you could spend like 30 look I think I
don't I don't know if I have their good
luck anymore maybe lucky I do but on a
level I don't get it can I talk to my
little buddy for a little bit can we
discuss this cuz like sometimes I just
don't want to wear it it's not
interested in having this
but I'm like oh God
I mean so here's how it stands right now
you have failed the role I know and you
are like I just wanted I just want to
cuddle a little we're not gonna oh
whoops
it's like college all over again get
really loud no underwear stays on only
third base should I use them should I
use the good dice yeah yes so you are
pushing this roll pushing it Thomas if
not you're gonna have to take these off
the internet and therefore you can't ask
for $500 66 it doesn't all right over
sure it is it's some Namie though is it
you you cuddle mm-hmm
I just want to talk to her you can't oh
you've missed each other and rhizoma
nothing happens it goes back in the
drawer okay the next day you are you've
been drugged you're lying there and one
of you to me both of you are waiting for
your medicine
mm-hmm and you see the nurse just open
the drawer and put the headdress on her
like with a sort of a glassy look on her
I'm not even astonished this point it's
like visit you like like walking the IV
pole through with you the hospital sit
down the chair next to Mike head dresses
back on her I'm not surprised
me neither me too when you bring up that
she cuddled with you know some things
there's no secret that woman's gotta
keep trying to spoon a headdress and it
was the big spoon that's the weird part
well as long as nothing appears in the
corner to steal it again
well on the bright side
Sarah is dead true okay sir
she's dead which is good where are we
sweet sweet Saturdays where yeah what
city in France were in at this point
yeah you are you are on the coast of a
small coastal town mmm you've been moved
to a hospital so you are you are
somewhere in in Normandy they took a
train to Paris we'll be back in three
days where we're in the Normandy area
Joan and Silvana went to Paris to do
some research that's fine yeah but I
don't have much to say about it to try
that are you feeling I'm just surprised
and I'm glad to be here frankly there
was a moment when I really thought I was
gonna kill one there is a moment where I
was reasonable we were all going to die
how what happened how did we as how do
we get out of there
swell silvano shots are all a really
really good shot with your rifle which
by the way is here and hidden carefully
I think that's that's - that's - it's
taken down I'm gonna put some notches on
the no you're in danger of becoming an
American what happened to my violin what
happened to our luggage it's gone we we
got into the dinghy with everything that
was on our box it was a Stradivarius I
know I'm sorry
I've had that I've had it since my
teenage years and it's gone make me a
sandwich that is it three sanity yeah
you are you are disconsolate about
losing that that is I mean you don't
even hear that it's a priceless heirloom
that's been with the family or a fad
that was your family yeah he learned to
play and if he fixed it and polished it
and tuned it
I have kept it for four years and yeah
he hasn't much to say about now he's
just go P probably very insolent and
depressed and just leave I'm sorry yeah
it's leave her I need some time I get
that anything in the room next door you
know where I'll be here on the edge of
the roof it's hard responsible but
fortunately they keep they keep ignoring
your request for whiskey it's not that
you're speeding Monsieur you're on
morphine that's as good as waking
whiskey they only serve wine so the good
news is for handling za wrong you all
gained six sanity back good right how do
I keep going up in sanity dad and and
you do you feel like you know you could
actually go back to England at some
point probably not soon but you know