Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends and welcome to
quests in Cthulhu thank you so much for
spending a little bit of your geek end
with us we really appreciate it
happy holidays everybody this is the
last show or before we go on our on our
expansive week-long Christmas maybe
you're not wait like the week goes
expansive yes yes attract anything take
a week and a half or a Hanukkah break
you know we've got eight days you can
majesty general Christmas holidays
holidays winter break a winter break
there we go blessed blessed souls us -
those who celebrate blessed solstice I
don't know what the what the rejoinder
for Kwanzaa happy Kwanzaa merry Kwanzaa
I think it's happy Kwanzaa happy Kwanzaa
I'm sure they have one my my catch-all
is just saying happy merry but but thank
you so much we really appreciate it and
you know in for the holidays we were
given the gift of beer so Gordon Pierce
our sponsors have taken care of us with
all sorts of different kinds of beers
and that's just a beautiful thing
don't forget nord games great way if you
want to get that last-minute Christmas
present out there or holiday present or
Hanukkah present you know if eight days
dice dice make a great present cuz you
get a polyhedron you get one every day
Hanukkah taken care of that's cheap it's
better than four pairs of socks one sock
each night I don't like you I'm not
giving you the fourth sock using the
code tis the season get 20% off and free
shipping and it's guaranteed to be here
by next Christmas you can you can get on
our store still it's like Black Friday
never ended 30% off all of your quests
and chaos merch on our store website use
the code foxy all lowercase because
Thomas I don't know why that's a
no-brainer who knows but the code foxy
guaranteed to be there by next Arbor Day
don't forget we are gonna be New Year's
Day
many of the people you see around this
table will be popping up here and there
to celebrate New Year's Day with you
we're gonna be doing a 12-hour charity
stream it's gonna support a great
charity paws and stripes they connect
veterans and animals like they rescue
animals it's a great thing and a
wonderful cause you can donate directly
to them through our stream we're going
to be doing party games in the morning
then we're gonna do a Cthulhu Q&amp;A then
we're gonna play some pandemic then
we're gonna have a movie review show
where Aaron and Warren are just gonna
start punching each other and then we're
gonna have some more q and a's with the
cast of the various shows and then a
great big battle royal with NAT 1 and
the Kaos agents pretending not to fight
each other I have no idea what you're
talking at some point there has to be a
backstab you know there just has to be
that's a so place your bets early for
which team you think is gonna win
because it's a real winner is the venom
so we start at 10 we go until 10 that's
12 hours that Matt checks out but 10:00
in the morning New Year's Day if you
don't want to watch parades come watch
us be silly play some party games have
some fun and we'll see you there
one last announcement I have a little
holiday gift for each of you cuz it's
the holidays I'm not gonna die a
surprise that's a huge guys got a little
this is from I could put him on a ring
yes yes you could and we're gonna be
doing a little giveaway both for the
chat and for YouTube I've got a couple
extra little Cthulhu figures here these
are from I did not make these because I
don't make things except messes these
are from an old board game called
unspeakable words oh it is a Sulu word
game yeah yeah and these were your these
your sanity so I can barely speak
English so the you're playing words down
for cards trying to spell words and the
points of each letter are the number of
angles in that letter
so of 45-degree angles okay so like o is
worth the zero point Z is gonna be worth
two points because of the and so you're
spelling but every time you spell a word
you get your points and then you have a
d20 and you have to roll sanity and if
you roll you up for roll less than the
points you scored mhm
or you lose one of your little Cthulhu's
is your sanity marker that's damn rude
or last person seen wins the game my
favorite part of it and a rule that I
think should be in all word games is
that if you if some of the first person
to spell a word that word can no longer
be used so once that word has gone out
that gets rid of those cheap people
they're like the the you know just keep
throwing that out there
great little game cute little figures
but I thought they'd be a nice giveaway
so chat we'll be doing a giveaway for
you guys YouTube you'll find out how you
can get yours a little bit later the
secret word so you have three
inspiration left hopeless now I want to
live long arms so we ended last session
after all sorts of invention bit
ventures with pirates
I rate captain Silva was it Dodgers the
right word past Rafi continue Silva is
and not another have been pirate attacks
on all three role-playing games on this
channel it's it's it's a thing
just wait till what's his name Thomas
and Thomas incorporates Aleister Crowley
here's a little deleted scene I so
wanted if you remember back to like the
very first episodes that we were doing
when we were gonna be on the on the ship
with the guy who at the hand of glory I
really wanted to do what's God what's
the guy who I convinced as the main
villain that everybody loves in Bo's
story Ted Ted I wanted to do Ted
as the as the bursar but we didn't wanna
cross the streams too much but then you
would have Ted would have showed up on
every show I think then anyway
yeah maybe someday hold okay I like your
version if it's boy can either be the
bartender now we've got a Love Boat oh
yeah real name Ted something or another
playing that dead boy two useless things
I want to thank the Baroness who is on
the zeros and ones helping us out there
so that Thomas can paint I guess I don't
know what he's doing or something or he
said end up shipping stuff anyway there
we go getting out those gifts somebody
had done I mean that big giveaway that
was a crazy amount of stuff we have to
ship out the ship out there so yeah you
are several of you this side of the
table is in a hospital about to be
released this side of the table has been
having cross saw and you know so living
it up in Paris well we have been reading
horrible book well it's true I've also
been learning arcane evil arcane
knowledge and love cards so I'm gonna
you've got one more day in Paris before
you need to have a head back is there
anything you guys want to research or I
know there's some shopping you wanna
yeah do you want to read more horrible
books and I'll go look for supplies
let's split it up because because yes I
will read more horrible books but I also
I also wanted to be in on this the
supplies okay so so books in the morning
except morning shopping afternoon
alright so what are you researching in
the morning are you still you you feel
like you feel
like you've kind of tapped everything
you can get on the whole you know taking
power from others calm okay that's what
that was gonna be out asking about that
because we did the soul restoration and
and got it that information about
destruction of an items oh so I know
what I want more and that is like if
there because from what I gather it's
not an easy process and like big
powerful items would be a huge problem
to try and do I'm wondering if I can
just like get a bunch of dream catchers
or something that people would you like
miniscule amounts to and just start like
burn everyday do a ritual and pull a
little bit dreamcatcher
so you know what I mean it's like it's
like rolling now an hour-long scene of
you wandering the streets of Paris going
do you have a dreamcatcher that's a
little hyperbolic but it's the idea of
looking for like low-key like this could
actually be an imbued item that's like a
folk
psychic shops and see if they have yeah
and you could also go to like religious
things yes that'll put belief into those
sorts of things yeah might have a fit
that's what I'm trying to get a
dreamcatcher it's a metaphor poor
magical items I can cannibalize to
restore myself that's it imbued with
soul you can push what I get I don't
want a little hundred 100 epic I tried
doing a ritual on a dreamcatcher I'm
here and crippled well you don't make a
luck roll this is all your fault do we
need to give you some time to figure out
how this is going to be spinning we'll
be back
I'm gonna spend those oh my goodness
okay your leisure don't do it man the
last time you had to deal with the
fumble like in the world again we're
gonna go shopping later right yeah who
knows what we will come across when
we're looking for things that could be I
could drain energy from this you are you
are wrong reincorporation
because of it I can hardly believe this
is real yeah that's so you are wandering
the streets of Paris when a familiar you
hear a familiar voice that you recognize
oh wait sorry you don't recognize
I might recognize is it that horrible
gypsy or Roma
um not Rami
no it is so behind you you hear a
voice what's your last name
here just lets Kosta you hear a voice uh
mr. Costa
may I speak with you for a moment turn
around and it is turn around and it is
the gist of g---men Oh an American sure
I don't recognize him at all no okay
it's he's wearing standard-issue gray
suit standard-issue gray trench coat and
a demon demon or no I'm trying to
figure out who this is I'm just trying
not to say we didn't sink that boat I
don't know we're near him or are you
researching other things you know waters
the demon couldn't do it okay I still
don't want to increment myself any more
so you kill Hill you know you'll you'll
have a seat at a cafe and yeah he offers
to buy you a coffee
oh sure this is great for a luck roll I
don't know so far make a roll Oh God
mr. Costa I am
I'm agent Rodgers of the of the office
of Secret Intelligence and he pulls out
a badge the OSI okay precursor to the
CIA and we have been very interested in
the activities of you and your
associates whatever could you be talking
you and your compatriots killed a police
officer whoa I certainly did not kill a
police officer I don't I'm not sure can
you elaborate at all he opens his
briefcase and he pulls out a photo of
the cop who was the horrible spider
thing I don't think I ever saw him he
wasn't there yeah I know I'm being
honest I did not kill the police officer
I didn't say he slides that across and
he says you don't know anything about
this man no I've never seen him before
hmm tell me mr. Costa where are your
associates
they're in a they're in a hospital over
I give him the name of the town sorry I
don't know how to lie I don't I don't
I'm sorry do you know anything about the
disappearance of this man and he slides
a picture of Edward Gavigan know you and
your associates stayed in a bed and
breakfast for several days very close to
this man's a state and a state that has
recently burnt down and we cannot find
any trace of mr. Gavigan however in his
belongings we found we found files on
each of you and your compatriots well we
tailing your we're aware he did meet
with him we were we were looking into
what happened with the Carlisle
expedition and we did stop by to talk to
him as your file your file mentions
mr. Gavigan mentioned that you shattered
a window in the pen hew foundation in
his office no no that that actually
didn't happen he couldn't break the
window he was facts wrong like some of
this stuff I'm very obviously like uh
and something I'm like no that didn't
happen and he can probably read me like
why would and we're also investigating
the whereabouts of this woman and he
slides a picture of Zara oh okay I
thought for a second it was me I'm like
yeah down no I figure it was wrong
she's what do I roll for that that's
that say like what would I roll to
suppress a reaction for the person that
I killed oh that's a great question make
a power roll oh oh well great step like
I'm gonna be choking on my connect is
gonna come up on the picture alright so
you know might be that mad but you know
I okay like I'm shaking do you know this
woman yes we when we were yes pick the
right person Acosta I want to make it
clear you are not on trial here this is
only asking questions and hoping that
you can provide some information for us
to help us investigate the disappearance
our boat that's why we're along the
coast there's a lot to unpack there
mister but she she she showed up how did
she burn a boat with fire she set her on
fire why did she burn a boat I think she
was crazy
hmm all right and and the last I saw her
she was on the boat why it was sinking
it on fire so she set the boat on fire
and remained on the boat well that
didn't go smoothly to say the least
burning the boat did not no no
and this woman who burned who set the
boat on fire was it a small boat no
it was a historic I struggle not to say
pirate like it was a pirate ship she set
up but do I give like I don't know how
much I know about boats a lot not a lot
sort of a big it was rather large I mean
it wasn't a large boat how did she
you're just gonna say fire again yeah
that's how I mean this must have been
quite a fire she said yes it burnt down
through the first deck hmm and well and
then engulf the rest of the ship
eventually so yes it was not a small
fire so mr. Costa I am legally obligated
to inform you that you and your
compatriots are being classified as
persons of interest in the disappearance
of Edward Gavigan okay I'm gonna need to
ask that you and your compatriots return
with me to London you can ask that
good good rekt answer I'm gonna note
that answer and wish that it was a
little more difficult so mr. Costa
you're not under arrest but I would like
to ask you to remain with me as we head
to this hospital and collect your
associates we have time to do some
shopping we lost everything when the
ship sank why don't we do that shopping
just because there's a particular dress
that I'm looking for I know that I can't
explain
it has no pertinence to this investigate
no well sure we'll roll with that you've
put me in a difficult position mr.
Coston hmm I'm Way ahead of you very
well
let's I'm going to remain as
unobtrusively remain by your side as
intrusive ly as possible
mr. crossed I'm gonna ask you politely
mm-hmm not to try and escape or to pull
by your verbal acknowledgment of that
question I understand that you have told
me that you will not try to escape
that's what I said thank you I don't
know any dress shops mr. Costas so I'm
just gonna follow you okay all right I
will not meet up with Joan
I don't know how I will let her know
that or signal to her if she sees me to
know you were gonna meet at a cafe yeah
that that's not gonna happen
well it's gonna it might this might take
a little bit of the sting off
Gordon Goldhammer who won the NPC Dec a
couple times go on YouTube has given 500
bits to the players cool I'm the one
that put the deck in thank you we
appreciate it
thank you thank you oh nice means it's
double right for me I was gonna say that
for me to make a look what is so
horrible Jam Oh God and I might actually
not try to escape I'm gonna I'm gonna
pull him in to help him to find this
dress alone she's about yourself he's no
but like he's gonna hear me be like so
if someone had like I'm gonna talk about
eyes and stuff and I'm like it needs to
match needs to match you're a nice the
first shop he doesn't even go in with
you anymore he's just waiting outside
the shop and so he seems like he's
taking you at your word and he's not
like said it's not like I'd like to not
screw myself by trying to escape or and
I have technically not been dishonest
except for the Edward Gavigan one which
was pretty obvious and you could tell
hmm yeah mostly I've been mostly honest
are you going to like stray and walk by
the cafe where you're gonna meet Joan or
something no because she might spot me
oh all right but if I don't you see you
at all how am I gonna know who you are
you want but you'll know that we're
going back and I know how well cuz we
had a set number of days that we were
doing yeah you guys have it you got it
three there's a time line yeah true okay
so I have the train but you guys know I
show up at the cafe yeah so here's what
you're gonna I'm gonna try and drive
this guy crazy are we February 20 right
now I believe that's correct yeah yeah I
might because we were the 22nd it's the
21st yeah because that's yes maybe you
get released from the heart they get but
that's what I have it's like a three
hour train ride so you're gonna get out
in the evening of the 21st and they'll
be back
well maybe but there might be points
where I'm like so so hypothetically if
you could imbue sentience into an item
and it could a fix itself to you and
that you are you say this to the g-man
mm-hmm she just kind of like casually
just like what would your thoughts you
know just you really are tired with that
I insane I wouldn't have the first idea
yeah yeah hmm that's a backup character
coming
I don't know mustache is cool but I
could come back as a g-man I don't find
him in the cafe I am gonna leave him a
note at the hotel and at the cafe we
were supposed to meet at saying you know
hey we're gonna leave tomorrow right and
today - today we're leaving today you're
on the like two o'clock train gotcha
gotcha okay oh no we might have to get a
different train ride cuz he needs to get
a ticket I might be all sold out you
mr. Costa how long is this shopping
gonna take it depends on company if I
have I found any good I'm looking for a
place uses if there's a place it has
peacock feathers it's Paris you can find
okay Paris in the 20s
yeah yeah oh yeah I can find all sorts
of crazy stuff you can find peacock
feathers just about any article of
clothing you can imagine dragging him
into I want the ones with the feathers
on the shoes and I'm looking so
everything I don't believe in sorceress
but if there was a sorceress and she's
that thing with the eyes I think the
peacock feather what do you think well
so with this well how much time do I
have
oh no I mean I'm looking I need to I'm
off the rock yeah you wound me oh I am a
bad person
do you have some measurements have I
done any shopping for you maybe pick
stuff up I might be able to roughly
approximately I mean I'm a sixty sighs
well whatever that you know the same
size but she's a 5 at that store stupid
Women's Center try it on I can go at any
store in the world in thirty six thirty
I know I don't have to try it on
I've ever you sure there's gonna be like
lacing up and stuff it's a sorcerous
things you'll be able to adjust it I'll
look for something that can be what
nothing out there like this we're just
guessing here like yeah this feels
awfully familiar in real life I can
perhaps add some peacock feathers to
this dress designs does it look
sorceress see like it's got like a weird
kind of iridescent blue to it that goes
very nicely with the peacock feathers
you think okay okay
from one angle it's gold it's like that
it's blue it's but you but yeah it will
all right I'll run out to the g-man okay
this conversation there this dress is
very important
mister I don't you know you know where
they are
you need to this one one just I need
to make a phone call mr. Costa
I assume you'll still be here looking at
a dress in the restaurant oh yes okay
yeah yeah I'm gonna get this set up
is that a yes said yes I have to make a
phone call okay I'm taking that as a yes
I'm acknowledging that you said yes and
I run back in that job all right
we cut to the hospital
where you three have been moved into a
room together and a an orderly comes in
do any of you speak French like I should
but I don't know I speak Italian but
Sofia and Latin okay if everybody make a
psychology apology is no that's a fail
all right so the orderly starts to say
something in French and then when he
gets a bunch of quizzical looks he will
he will he'll convey to you that
unfortunately you're not being released
today why not and you require more care
you have not fully recovered from the
he's he's not you are not the doctor
mm-hmm can we speak to the doctor all
right let's see that where's the doctor
everybody make a spot hidden role I
none of you were surprised to see that
there is a suit standing outside your
door I'm not the only person who's gonna
be horribly uncomfortable maybe there's
someone in a suit and the orderly leaves
and at about an hour a doctor comes in
and says yes I'm very sorry it is you
know bureaucracy and such we will be
releasing you very soon but I fear it
would be one more night Ryan there's a
lot of sign going on in this room so I
asked the doctor didn't I'm like yes
closer leaning closer closer yes who's
that guy I don't know okay
really he yeah he's creepy does he work
for the hospital no should he be here
and he is security or no we're not Irish
you got ours no oh yeah he doesn't work
for the hospital and it doesn't work for
us he shouldn't be here
does it work for French government yeah
so I am how would you say a terrible
liar yes so I'm not going to answer any
more of your questions we will release
at least give us some dinner okay you're
so will you'll still give him are we
still like hooked up to IVs or anything
like that no more no it's pretty much
you know this is now bed rest hair and
that sort of thing you're you're in a
room with three beds and a little table
and chair and a bathroom all right I'm
gonna go to the window and like look
down to see how high up we are a small
hospital second floor okay hmm where's
my hit point situation at you got
another one back okay is it English
English is it a Brit outside oh I don't
know it just doesn't said anything you
can tell that extreme yeah dream success
okay so extreme success that is a g-man
suit okay that's yeah he's probably an
American American poorly fitting suit
what's an American doing here I don't
know oh yeah we're in France yeah yes
but there-there are branches of the
American police that can reach overseas
I don't have any interest hole yeah
illegally good thing did there the rest
warrants perhaps no but this will be
interesting
I mean here's the thing they could
request and I'm trying to say this in a
hushed voice they could request
assistance from the French police that
could then take us into custody that
could turn us over to the American
police she did that without a laurel
yeah there's a cop yeah oh I miss it
by like three points you feel like every
time yeah so basically in international
waters they would hand us over and then
we would go back to New York you know
York but it's not fresh it's the
American yeah but who wants to talk to
him is it not it I mean maybe my
headdress of eyes wants to talk to him
what do you say
[Laughter]
well what would we say to the person in
the ill-fitting suit I'd like to know
who who he works for
probably the US government I mean
obviously it looks like he doesn't get
paid a lot everybody does not
necessarily mean police no one does
no it's worse yeah it means worse secret
prison police of all the people this is
how the green starts yeah Americans are
more American if it was English or the
project don't worry really I'm fine
do you remember what happened in New
York because I do alright but they they
have their rules and procedures and they
do anything really terribly terrible
here lish that's something about this is
different the door opens mm-hmm and I
don't like sitting on the end of Emma's
bed talking about this the g-man at the
door who stays at the door another g-man
comes in stand outside suit it's exactly
like the other guy oh hello
I'm agent Rodgers I'm with the OSI
what's the aw sorry American
intelligence and he pulls out a badge
never heard of you
the people in the air diffuse well tell
us more about yourself tell me does the
name Edward Gavigan mean anything to any
of you I've heard of him
he's the bloke with the with the
foundation and stuffy bastard at the
England
Egyptian foundation yeah that fellow why
does repend you Foundation that's right
yeah why did Edward Gavigan or does he's
presumed missing why did he have a vial
of your blood you know whose mouth
creepy my blood did you ever hook up
we don't exchange bolide if you like
that's true my blood what well what
would you build our blood I hope you
know it's her blood
that's a excellent question also a
disgusting question it was clearly
labeled oh so someone wrote down what
name I'm gonna need if you say fast talk
I swear to God I'm sort of convincing
role here because you're all lying yes
that he's creepy I'm not lying about
that well and I'm genuinely cuz I'm
generally surprised that he had another
vial of my blood because I thought that
Zahara had the only the only vial so I'm
genuinely surprised about that we do a
fake IDs waiting mr. oh gosh I'm gonna
let you offer me a social skill my
sanity my best one is persuade at twenty
all right I also allow a psychology role
that's worse somewhere for you though
alright what do I say everything is
terrible this is after burn all the
disguise perhaps pretending to be
somebody else this is not pretending to
be someone else this is found me on and
we're getting power yeah the best that I
have to offer mostly cold use for sueños
nothing alright so everybody pick a
social skill and roll it first way it's
a social skill yes I'm holding should I
made it nice holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] where you think
on a hard success he's rolling Wow
this way it's a persuader second so fail
okay so they're all 10%
okay nope 50 all right he doesn't react
when you're all this I didn't get a hard
success yeah we are investigating the
disappearance surprised of mr. Edward
Gavigan we're also investigating the
death of a New York police officer and
why does that matter to you
Oh si aren't you Taurus an international
espionage or something according to the
Constitution of the United States of
America
doc most American law enforcement only
has jurisdiction inside the United
States
you're not law enforcement he said most
that's what helps you sleep at night sir
and he can believe that he did say the
word most he's intelligence so my semi
intelligence intelligence it's a good
dresser I'm fine with waiting while you
finish insulting me what do you want
will no doubt help your case what do you
want I wish for you to return to London
with me we're not going to London with
you I will remove the word wish from
that sentence then you are returning to
London with me we're not going to London
with you I see well then you're under
arrest
yep can we stop by we're outside do we
stop by a warehouse first no does he
have some friends outside basically
there's just you have one friend with
you that's all you brought
Wow Oh big bit sure what you mean by
Donal he comes to arrest us he brings
one fella to rest us with Donald I was
not aware that we would be insulting you
by not bringing a SWAT team a bandage we
can take with us we're gonna need some
first aid supplies no because we're in
France and the last time I checked
France's not
United States he did say most sure I got
it
Wow not buy anything spectacular so it
is true that you can't no no it is true
that most American law enforcement are
is not it cannot do anything that's why
now the FBI can't do anything in the
modern day the yeah I can't do anything
international with some interesting yeah
the CIA is is the International Agency
for that sort of thing but they still
don't have necessarily international
jurisdiction that's why you didn't feel
well so this killer does not exist in
the 20s so what there is is through the
League of Nations there's a bunch of
extradition treaties and also all of the
signers to the League of Nations sort of
agree that they will extradite but there
are rampant cases of it not happening
but usually if you are a foreign
national you are attributed the
protections and also the downsides of
that citizenship ma'am if you are
greatly concerned we can we can stop by
the American Embassy in London I'm not
American I just don't want to go to
London well I mean what do you need and
why can't we just do it here I mean I'm
supposed to stay another day according
my doctor I just get bed stay here so
I'm like okay yes we will be leaving for
London tomorrow where you will be
released into my custody wait who's
actually doing the arresting then the
United States of America aren't you the
representative of the United States of
America who's releasing us into your
custody then in London this hospital but
now you're a but it's not a custody
tomorrow from this hospital I will take
you to London this is
I don't deal with the long Philip Edna I
feel there's a spare bandages here maybe
there's some other tools we could we
might be in the future so maybe this
little sutures or whatever okay it's
collecting some things from the bedsides
and oliver along with must have been
catalogued and will be returned to you a
number of weapons included you're giving
us back weapons after arresting us once
you what I did not want to arrest you I
did not come here to arrest you why not
if you think that we're responsible for
you are only persons of interest in this
case however then what's your evidence
for arresting us my evidence is none but
I have a warrant and this person has
refused my record the the request to
accompany me to London
thus I must compel you to come to London
let's see your warrant he pulled down
his and he pulls out a sheet of paper
that's not me I beg your pardon
that's not me copper prove it and the
meantime contact the Irish Embassy are
like representation I'm not going with
you that's fair I like some drinks by
the way damn it's been three days I've
been in here that's fair he's Irish I'm
if you're gonna make this difficult if
you're not going to give us information
then yes we'll make your life difficult
rats
does the name know know what was he
gonna do here alright
all I can tell you is that you are
currently persons of interest in a case
that involves the United States military
and it's very curious to me that you
would make reference to a warehouse in
London I'm very interested do you know
the address what address is this
warehouse wait a minute the military I
could use a drink do I know that the end
of a thing there was no life so a
certain point I don't know I think I
mean you do have the address
someone should I you know I would I
would certainly if you you could very
believably not remember the address
no I legitimately don't remember and I
probably did write it down but like
isn't it in and then I do so isn't it
like in some dock district maybe I don't
know yes okay I feel like I'm asking
you for this information
my house area in the docks to this
warehouse but it's hard to explain both
yes and no you don't want to hear that
you really don't see I've had a life
already before this and then I was at
the warehouse of my old life but in this
life I didn't go to the warehouse so I
don't know if they were I was really
there or not you're talking crazy
uh hold on what he's crazy okay you're
talking to us about Gavigan correct mr.
Gavin and what you are you're Saints
what does all this have to do with the
military nothing to do the military say
something about the United States
military due to the invoking of the
Omega protocols I am NOT allowed the
Omega what and that is all you will hear
of that
I'm not allowed to give you any more
information now see why we should
cooperate with this fellow if you like a
corporate with us where in London do you
want to take us mm-hmm
you will be maintained in a safe house
in London is it nice safe from whom it's
lovely
doing an allowance no no oh okay
why do you need why maintained for how
until the investigation is complete and
you have been ascertained to not be
people at persons of interest that means
nothing to me
Sam why can't we just do that here ooh
or why don't we just do that in Paris or
what other City I don't know let's just
go someplace fun your compatriot from
Paris is already on his way here just as
he will be joining us on the trip to
London what's not Asylum thing we're in
France right maybe the French can we can
ask them for asylum they stay here till
these guys figure out all their
political nonsense Frank we have to make
it to the French Embassy to do that yeah
we're in France right now sir can you
give us a moment to discuss of course
he'll like put all his papers back in
there he walks out and he's just
standing you know the doors close mm-hmm
but he's standing there and he and
everybody makes spot hidden no sure
and tell me if you 88 Wow
oh my god success again Wow
since it no miss but it's an extreme
look a lot alike like you get a flash of
got it hang on I just this is where
Emma's brain goes I don't think they're
human what do you mean they look
identical those are the officer turned
into a spider that's their nonsense
again we dealing with the same thing I
don't know they look identical that's
all I'm saying is that I don't know any
identical twins that are identical there
it is I'm gonna lay that one out there
that's fair there's usually some
differentiation and again I didn't get a
good look at the guy but they look very
similar so I'm not going to their
custody okay I've been through worse I'm
not doing that again
I understand that Donald I do they have
no reason to this is an intelligence
military people we have nothing to do
with these people so what do we do
unless he gives us a good reason to
cooperate we don't cooperate and we get
the hell out of this hospital okay so I
only see a few options ahead of us we
cooperate we go back to London which it
has all the news custody
which is full of bolt holes and hiding
places that both you and I know about
assume you don't know where Silvano and
Joan are that's true of the three of you
making intelligence rules no success
chart success hard success study with a
success he only mentioned one compete I
noticed that it really said yep I
noticed that good so he only knows about
Silvano he doesn't know about Joan so is
there any way it's possible he knows but
perhaps she's escaped Joan is a smuggler
mm-hmm and a thief yes I trust that she
can get out some spicy words but here's
the thing if we put ourselves under his
control and he is something to do with
the weird that we've been dealing with
we've put ourselves into the hands of a
parrot shark a spider yep something else
I don't like these options he may be
more of a part of this cults or somehow
a friend of Gavigan it's certainly file
is possible and like we're over by the
window at this point yes / ain't nobody
can hear us this is not my forte
I don't I don't know how to hide from
anything we need to get out of here I
can help
oh so do you believe this guy
no he's clearly wearing someone else's
skin shut up what oh my god
what ah my buddy here tells me he's
wearing somebody else's skin I knew it I
knew it you're very smart
agent Rogers don't patronize me is this
like the spider situation I don't know
he said wearing somebody else's skin but
all those things that happened with the
parrot shark yeah in my flat you
remember yeah do we want to the
hospital's not the best place for this
fall is a terrible place for this fight
especially because neither of us are
armed we're on the second floor we can
get out if we're very careful we bar the
door hang on step one put my clothes on
make a rule all right you will show up
at the least opportunity no can I roll I
I mean oh wait when did he say we get
your you know you need a reroll thanks -
ready we have another person that joins
the other party somewhere well okay but
least opportune moment for whom it might
be the worst moment for her that's why
and I want her to re-roll so it's not
the least a opportune moment
two seconds second all right all right
sorry climbing up the leaderboard oh
sorry yeah all right even more see
you'll show up in and even work so why
do we get the weapons back and can we
take them I don't know can we take them
like in the car or on a train I don't
think I can't paint about it I didn't
tell him up the dingy I can't believe he
would be that stupid I really don't
believe that Hugh be that stupid to give
us weapons Wow is there a chance we can
pretend to cooperate and then escape it
later
exactly it's not our best skill to
pretend such thing I mean yes friendly
law enforcement we have done it's kept
everything's fine skipping through them
we've done fairly well at right we've
also been split up yes
um Silvano's under custody of some sort
well his yep Jonah's I don't know where
so if we escape we need to intercept
them
help silvano escape and then get to
Cairo I think our best end are we going
back to London to deal with the
warehouse and the Machine that's in
there or are we going to Cairo we need
to make that decision lemon was the plan
was do be quote unquote agree I'm
knowing that at some point maybe that's
what we do we play along and then while
we're in London we make our move what's
our code word for the move and also
what's the move so there's that to stab
in a law enforcement I think we have to
dispose of both of these fellows well or
however many there are there may be more
than these Joe yeah and if they're all
identical good arresting quite
so hang on a second eyes how can they
look alike if they're wearing somebody
else's skin because that doesn't make
any sense one's a probably a clone of
the other I knew it I mean I haven't I'm
nailing this I haven't seen the other
one okay clearly I'd have the same look
you did I'm gonna hang on
they're about the same size and they're
both blonde okay I'll be right back
and then I run up to the door open the
door all right yeah okay and shut the
door run back okay what do we see so
when you open the door
agent Rogers like is sitting in a chair
and he gets up and he starts to like you
know he looks like he's getting in a
ready position or something and the
guy next to the door like turns to look
at you maybe is a very different face
but similar bill okay blond hair
regulation haircut but it's it's it's
not a clone or okay all right so maybe
not a clone okay all right but that
guy's clearly wearing someone else's
skin which one both of them are the one
at the door well I know the one I know
that rod the guy who came in he was
wearing someone else's skin I'm sure of
it okay that's gross how do you do that
don't you can teach you I don't want to
know I mean bill what I'm sorry what
hatched what do you not remember my
apartment yeah I do a lot so Rodgers is
definitely wearing somebody else's skin
okay we've seen that before yeah all
right what's the code we're gonna be
banana yep fine that works
we wouldn't be saying so yeah whatever
if anyone ever says that code word
that's the sign to go to get a diversion
oh I am a diversion we should start a
fire no I like it I like I oh I
accidentally burned the whole [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] show
[Laughter]
Wow look all this a sweet idea the best
thing oh you hear in your head is we
need to start a fall yeah we do and
you're just like burn it down
what huh burn time we're not on this
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] down no looking for like yeah
anything you can to start a fire make a
buck roll find lighters a lot hitting
roll Oh 92 so I see nothing yeah yours
so you have plenty of kindling yeah but
no nothing that could cause a spark and
I'm a lady you are not the whole leg rub
stick yeah that's not you but I have
made the teepee or what I knew that
you're like you're like pulling all the
sheets off of every bed and like
stacking them in the middle of the floor
Emma I had this great idea if we just
start this place on fire they're gonna
have to let us out of here and we just
run in the chaos different closing the
room somewhere no Emma why are sick and
hurt people in this hospital who can't
run are you sure
pretty sure it's a hospital the fire
will give them cover - am I still under
my 98 oh yeah yeah nothing is gonna
deter you from starting this fire other
people don't matter
this fire will get you out of here they
could be kindling freely but we could
escape I mean well we did escape blazer
we can skate well at the right time
we'll do it but I'm cold so in every
cabinet and like looking for matches or
hair McDonald fire Don I'll make another
slice wrong with her fire Oh Gloria 23
so I see something yeah you find yeah so
you have you are now using the radiator
you found the pilot light of the
radiator okay yours
there's a shape so let's read the best
way let's go stubborn yeah movin there
and you ER
you are stronger than me yeah all right
not now am I not now make a make up
don't let the people in the lobby hear
what you're doing roll what would that
be myself so let's go with stuff that's
a success okay yeah so you have you know
you have sort of started to pull em away
from the radiator and kind of calm
things down if we can I'm gonna see if I
can turn off the gas and blow out the
pilot light because I saw where she was
going with this sure yeah now there's oh
you can't turn off the gas but you can
blow out because they're not a knob I'm
aware so you come at the appointed
meeting time mm-hmm I really wanted to
come up as the hospital explosion to
that one mm-hmm so you you come up and
you know they're up on the second floor
mm-hmm everything seems fine do I see
any cop cars or or or or people in suits
that's right thinking of a way I could
contact you and every idea was like
they'd be looking and then they'd find
you and then I cut back to Paris and
agent Rogers comes into the dress shop
looking very uncomfortable mr. Costa I
already told him that it was okay that
we yes mr. Koster I was unable to reach
my compatriots in town where the
hospital is mara gliese I think we need
to leave now
I already told him by the dress you want
we're going there is a train in 20
minutes we are going to be on it if you
wish a dress from France you will buy it
now you English have no appreciation for
the hard work I didn't want to say it
but he's right there American do you
have an address where we could mail it
you can send it to the American Embassy
sir that's where you'll be held okay
it's gonna be really hard to give you
this dress but okay how much more money
you shouldn't solo it I will not charge
you extra for zz+ you he takes the
address this is your vision for this
dress magnifique this was Eve but since
you are not you will not pick it up
tomorrow may I may I may I really makes
his dress no what yeah fix it time do it
all right what's the name of this of
this tailor this Marta is back we're
clear we're gonna come back and they
expect to get all our sorceress dresses
they don't totally be on this slip when
it comes to get me yeah his name is Jean
Paul
Villeneuve yes and he works a jpv into
the threading of everything he does John
Paul villian and yeah in in about two
weeks
a dress will show up at the American
Embassy will you be there otherwise
don't be very confusing find a way all
right
lover that's the only note you've taken
about the session I have so far but so
yeah he's gonna get you on that train
okay all right so you are back in the
lobby yes I'm in the hospital
yeah yeah all right I mean there's no
reason you wouldn't just go no I'm just
gonna go all right make any make a spot
hidden role yes all right
so something has changed since the last
time you were here there are two you're
American right yeah yeah okay so there
are two G men sitting from John is
standing outside the door like looking
out and the other is sitting looking
right at the door
so you like turn the corner
see the guy and just back right around
whatever
yep yep yep yep yep I'm keeping these
yeah
did you check out don't forget to check
out stuff yep hold on alright so you
have wrestled in much of the ground yeah
it's back to the bed sitting down on the
bed again you are like yeah the fire but
if we don't debt the fire we're never
gonna know yeah we're going we'll escape
something right you're going to go along
with Heather and lure him into into
unsuspecting nests and then deal with
him
well us keep in London we were going to
London anyway what happens if he doesn't
even let us get to London well they're
gonna kill you yeah we'll take care of
him if that happens yeah like what
happens if we don't even get outside
where demands we don't even make it
through the night we dealt with Gaffigan
we don't with Sahara we can take care of
these two you know what's gonna happen
is you share today get into a you're
gonna get into a train car with this guy
yeah he's gonna turn into a parrot sharp
yeah a spider I am or something you know
what's gonna have yeah I mean he's gonna
turn on us as soon as he gets us alone
in fact I doubt we're even gonna make it
through the night I bet you he's
probably gonna attack us in our sleep
then the hospital is not the place to
have this confrontation where what are
you talk let's go find outside then we
have to go to the parking lot the car
yeah look we have to get him before he
gets us absolutely we won't yes by
starting a fire hey-ho is the only
answer I'd like to buy we basically give
them a note and get an answer back as
far as saying that you know I'm here
what can I do
we're not even at credit rate up in - no
all right so you you give the guy so you
slip the guy five pounds which is a very
friendly bribe in this day and age mm-hm
and he takes the note and he is walk he
goes to walk into that room and he's
stopped by the guy at the door and the
guy at the door you could make a listen
role to try and hear what they're saying
okay if you if you fail this if you fail
this role then you could you know I
could be guessing
and I did not I didn't sign this
basically it's mostly you know guys if
you need help yeah I'm here at link once
yeah exactly
exactly no I'm not gonna try to listen
because then because I don't have to be
anywhere near them okay downstairs you
can like you're literally like just sort
of looking around you're like looking in
a window yes see the reflection over
here and you see the goat the guard at
the door is not letting anybody into
that room all right
um the orderly never comes back by the
way yeah well Arthur is very laundry or
anything I can get into where I might be
able to acquire some some clothing that
I could come in sure roll Bless America
it's always like right there it's 80s -
ooh there you go magic
you get some luck on a luck roll you
can't you know it's kind of a chasing
your right rules corner time checks the
rules and if you spend luck to make a
skill and you do not get a skill check
oh good to know
good to know all right but won't let it
go this time you shoot alright so um
what else can I do I'm gonna try to see
if I can find no I need to I need to
find some way I can get either a doctor
to go in or there's somebody that has to
go in there to get them a note
know what I'm saying I'm not to get me
in there no no that's yeah Nutrition
Services yes it's what it would be
called these days I don't know yeah but
note in the case yes slip a note in
there food
all right tell me what's the role what's
your what's your play are you gonna like
just try and bribe somebody are you
gonna try and excuse me woman that works
in the fridge no I'm gonna buy some food
I'm gonna put the note
and I'm going to get somebody to deliver
it to them cuz if they need to eat
alright okay they need to you you got a
chance make a luck roll oh come on
alright let me grab some you guys this
is defying food you actually put the
note in without destroying it yes so 20
nice alright so yeah you you give you
buy some food and you get an orderly to
take it up to the room with different
order yes yeah guy there's a there's a
small exchange of cash as well mmm-hmm
and yeah he'll put a note in you put a
note inside one of the napkins and this
orderly goes up and the guard stops him
and the garden picks up the thing on
every tray but he doesn't check the
napkin and the guard open like holds
open the door they're coming up make
subtly hold down ammo room yeah I was
trying to we have sheets weak and tired
of a bed little campfire TV thing that's
kind of the point
so yeah the door opens and the guard
you'll notice is all the stuff in the
middle of the floor sure make it a fork
damn a mantis and an orderly wheels in a
bunch of food and the guard walks in
with him and goes what's going on here
it's cold in here I need I need the
what dude match you're gonna set a fire
in a hospital yeah why not well cuz
there are sick and injured people here
matches matches please I thought Rogers
was crackers you guys are yeah yeah he
like grabs all the like stuff in the
middle no sir that's our laundry walks
out there's bed sheets for our better
what what's your name
what do you what do you mean Rogers is
crackers none of your business you're
trying to start fires in here I'm not
yeah we're gonna start a fire here he's
probably not even Rogers don't even
worry about it the hell yeah
can I have my bed sheets back and I just
start pulling back on it no lunch on the
show don't ask him it's not Rogers ask
him what his real name is or what it
used to be
Rogers walks in and like sees like he's
got this thing you're pulling it out
yeah he draws a gun he says please stop
why won't my bedsheets back I'm gonna
light a fire
you're a mime now why are you pulling
out a gun for someone who's trying to
get her sheets back that seems yeah but
that seems like over escalation who are
you really
I'm agent no you're not so he's gonna
shoot you if you take your bedsheets
back is that way I'm gonna shoot
somebody if they start a fire Hospital
who's dying a phone should be getting
the sick people out shouldn't be
shooting people it's a mystery no
honestly though why are you pulling out
a gun if that there's a over escalation
you're not really Rogers are you we're
going to London tomorrow come on
McGillicuddy they can have it and start
a fire if they want so I'm I'm like
following him now I'm like what's your
real name are you a parrot shark
McGillicuddy let me tell you it's real
name is ash ant agents I'm sorry agent
it's real name is ash an tank and they
and like yeah the the the the headband
starts feeding you like encyclopedic
and you're like another liking span
exactly I'm talking to him but I'm like
evil eyeing like you're some Cthulhu
Mythos
McGillicuddy just the kids would you
just shut the hell up
that's not your friend Rogers you're
right that's my boss agent Rogers he's
not your boss either he's not agent
Rogers surely sure ask him something
that only agent Rogers would know and
you would know too
like what I don't know just come up with
something I don't know we know that's
my boss I don't know his middle name he
doesn't have one cuz it's not really
your boss anymore
well asking about the first time you met
you and the conversation artheon Rogers
goes it was two days ago in the London
field office so you've been not Rogers
for at least two days wait that doesn't
even make any sense
nope and that's what worries me is that
you're starting to make sense to me
feeling how do you like gently pushes
you back in closes the door and you hear
a click
damn it Emma what macgillicuddy I know I
heard that name but I know no offense
but there's a lot to Irish people around
that's true yeah we don't all get along
either McGillicuddy was clearly a
American okay clearly you can see the
two of them having like a conversation
that involves a lot of like so alright
the window I think we look Huttese real
oh yeah I'm sure there's more than one
McGillicuddy no I mean I think that that
the are this McGillicuddy is a real
person
yeah a person had been a shame to have
to kill him then I'd rather not yeah my
headband hasn't told me that he's not
really
it's just Rogers we can't be sure
search your goddamn well could you saw
him and you didn't see that he was a so
is Rogers a shanty or is he something
else well until until he unzips right
okay you know the truth of that is
they're not unzipping it's actually
terribly painful for the target they're
essentially but if they're over drains
people then desert their man there are
people up until they aren't essentially
okay there are people that have been
infected think of it in terms you can
except they've infected with a virus
okay that has a time limit on it more
has a certain trigger and when that
trigger hits
what do you think Rogers trigger is I
don't know probably starting a fire
which you can't seem to do well there's
nothing in here to start a fire I mean
what am I gonna do and then not like
start just digging through my food oh
there it is
I can help how so I was waiting for this
hmm you have to promise to put me back
this is the longest and that has ever
been silent what's gonna happen
oh we're gonna start a fire no I know
that I know that's the end goal here's
what's gonna happen
but like if I what are you gonna do run
away if I take you off what are you
gonna like skitter under the bed no are
you gonna overtake Rogers or somebody no
why tell me they're gonna take me off
yeah
you're gonna lie me on that pile of you
can do that I can do so much that's
amazing that's why once the fire started
Donal you had to put me back on just
watching them do this conversation with
herself
she's considering something and that
worries me I don't want to have to
compel you to do this because I want us
to do this together but why can't we
just climb out the window
because then we could use climb out the
window can you climb and I'm not
terrible we could use the bedsheets yeah
we could use the bedsheets you said a
lady I'm on fire I have a better climb
than I have a light fire because I have
amazing fire you need a distraction if
you climb out
they'll just be more of them in the
lobby really how many are they turning
undead into agent Rogers is the perler
of the plural of Rogers I mean I don't
really understand not sure about the
term Undead I'm sorry the dead now to be
Rogers
oh yeah that's probably what they're
doing I feel like you're lying to me
right there no that's probably what
they're doing it's a prick well or it's
a cultist who had his skin flayed off of
him all right he's wearing someone
else's skin yeah
someone else's skin your skin has to
come off you just throw up a little you
should wipe your mouth yes so the
headdress thinks and again this is
partially my fault but the hedgerows
thinks that it's taking the dead bodies
from the mortuary and just putting them
on to making Rogers's the headdress also
thinks you should start a fire yeah the
headdress is also trying to convince me
to start a fire I'm not convinced you oh
yeah I'm thoroughly convinced that I'm
gonna start a fire well let's let's
think this through we start a fire in
our room why are you saying the let the
quiet parts loud that's what I do inside
voice outside dirt or fire what's the
next step after the fire escape fire
escape who the front door is locked
right yeah so about the window which I
can't climb out to begin with this is a
terrible plan and burn the sheets you
can't claim the way I can't you're just
trying to kill me is basically what
you're doing if I was trying to kill you
you'd be dead then why so I have a
terrible climb you're telling me to
start a fire you only way to get out
at this point you know pops out of a
napkin and it's a note from Joan that
says says guys what's up how can I help
get me a note how are we supposed to get
you know where is she oh she's was the
food this is the kitchen I'm gonna go to
the window and like lookout and see if I
can see her anywhere wait wait we could
just leave a note with the dirty dishes
when they return it to the kitchen maybe
she's in the kitchen still
she clearly was in the kitchen at some
point to write this note to us if you
started fire you could send her smoke
signals I don't even understand how to
send smoke signals that needs to be a
penalty to convince ask Joe to get a
vehicle if she can get a vehicle outside
we want the window we escaped my big my
big problem with that is that what if
someone else gets that we don't know
where she where the notes are coming
from well she at some point she put this
note in our food she was my kitchen or
the cafeteria she's gonna be watching
for a note from us it's our best chance
if she can get a vehicle for us outside
we see the vehicle we go alright so what
are we right in response agent agent
Rodgers has us under control get a
vehicle stay by stay by the window have
fired need driver Joe and then maybe she
should signal to us we'll watch the
window she signals to us we got her
mm-hmm
why don't be nice yeah that's probably
our best bet have fire get fire engine
no that's one yet
I'm guessing running materials sure so
we let's write her Beckett what we're
ready bye can Oates
what's with the food a list yeah I'm
waiting for the trailer to bother knives
sure oh good knives
thank you you know the French they yes
they're not they're not great knives no
I'll do sure yeah you slip a note into
the dishes and they don't the the agents
don't seem to care about it so what did
the note say exactly
so I rose has us under control get a
vehicle signals from outside all right
so you have no idea who agents Rogers is
okay get a vehicle meet us outside don't
write things yet
we'll need the sheets to go out the
window yes basically when they're taking
it back down I stretched through the
stuff and see if I can find anything
back from them if we're going to start a
fire we're not gonna use a thing that
we're using for rope
all right that's a great idea so I start
looking for other things to light a fire
yeah funny it would okay you find some
books all right oh oh oh oh I should
have said something about Sylvia on the
note you get a thousand bits but it
comes with a no all caps request what
the fire those are Emma's in spoon
swatting up I'm hearing all the bits of
the books at half by page what wait till
the vehicle arrives at least well I'm
prepping for the vehicle what if they
open the door and they see this put put
him how is this different than any other
I'm gonna go books up one every day of
your life really somebody's car no no I
am I'll rent a car all right you have a
fake ID yes I have a fake ID sure yeah
you don't even take a little bit yes and
then a small town and mind a car you
asked the hospital information desk you
know like where can I get a car around
here they very confusedly tell you that
there's a nice woman who lets her car
out on a day-to-day basis right on or
landing poor thing right on right rental
cars never go well in this game yet
while we're waiting let's make a let's
make an avro thing the signals I was
gonna what I can drive up I'm gonna try
to blink the lights into there I know
where they are I see yes
so we take their ropes together again so
it's clear by now that the they're not
keeping a close eye on you like they
lock the door and the guy is still
standing at the door it seems like
they're more worried about things coming
in let's look at the window just see
let's add watching us from the street
nothing you can see of course photos
aren't very professional we are in
hospital clothes that we're going to be
fairly obvious Oh what else go in there
not much and they have they have my
knives the reason why they don't they're
not concern because you're all in gowns
well Hospital where in the 20s was more
civilized than that it's I mean it's
pajamas you're all in pajamas yes they
have all of our things and slippers
you're wearing slippers they have my
knives and Andy and your guns I've got
some other things as well that I'd like
to get back what did you have on you
there's this clause we had I'm very
useful oh yeah that's true where do we
think we would they would keep such
things
they were taken and cataloged and here's
where very well written and all of a
sudden guys go we have to stay why do we
have to stay they are just staves yeah
they have the stance we have to stay
uh-oh but oh we do have to stay they
have the staves how do I get the
stainless we're gonna kill him
well yeah but I need the staves to kill
them no you don't know we just did what
the other to bring down the average
he'll have to get Jonah bad news yeah
plant B I don't know yet but we can't
let anything on fire cuz we need to get
the saves I'm good I'm good is your
climbing well I'm sorry so you arrived
Vera Gleason train station agent Rogers
hires a cab so how it's probably lucky
like we didn't even know we were gonna
be here you just
we received a we received a tip that
people matching your description had
been seen in a library in Paris okay
okay that's one hell of a tip
you know police work is 99 96% luck 4%
hard work don't spread that around but
yeah I mean he's so you know you you
you he will talk with you
yeah train right up and he's he's not
like you know as long as he hasn't
brought up that particular person that I
killed Fairley's no he's not like
interrogating you or anything like that
he's you know there's a couple awkward
like you know everyone so Ella forget me
he'll be like so you ever been to one
oh right hmm so three knives concealed
yep
so I mean you you get to the train
stations but you're gonna take a tax on
you yeah
to their make a liberal it's cosmic
oh yes all right no yes so because you
made that rule do you want to show up
before or after they do before okay so
you pull up blinking your hives but you
know up there
yep I it doesn't make it to the second
floor
you're not like driving up the hills
right right right but you're like
outside the hotel just like Morse code
English yeah I mean if we're looking out
the window should be able to see someone
like flashing lights even if you can't
see oh you know we should be checking to
see if she's all right dice roll all
both of you because I'm guessing Amazon
both of you make love rolls no I'm
pretending to try and pick a lock I've
no idea what I'm doing
Oh sphere I missed it by one I miss some
look I can't spend let's make a lot
prole oh wait you're you're standing at
the hospital door trying to pick it yeah
I've no idea what I'm doing
so this is hilarious to watch it's to my
new idea alright okay sure
what would I rolled about there is a lot
of Smith I'm sure h i j k l so it's a no
I'm never gonna make that 55 nope all
right I'm just pulling on the door just
Erin I mean you're just very coldly like
doing well we have to get the staves
it's not on the hallway okay but that's
the way out let's just wait till they
take us to wherever the stairs are
something so you're likely by the door
and you see McGillicuddy you just look
down I'm just gonna go do that because
there are windows in the door there are
windows in the doors being wounded so
I'm looking to see if I can see any of
them if I do they try to connect gosh it
two stories would be hard to hook up
that would be hard to throw a note or
some obviously the next window open
they'll go sure you can throw tink-tink
yes and that's when you learn these
windows don't open mmm we got to break
this one though how thick is it probably
well it can be done but look at the very
message yeah you see silhouettes does it
look like it's single pane or double
pane windows single day we can break
that you'd be loud thank you it can we
see Joe Nadal you see the flashing
lights of the car and then down there
it's pretty much all darkness Lord John
how do we tell her I can't let me wave I
know she she waves back hold up I I'm
gonna go over to the light switch and
flick the lights off then on again oh
all right McGillicuddy we'll unlock the
door mm-hmm I cut that out cut what out
stop fooling around the lights I need to
get my stuff you'll get it tomorrow when
we take you to London
once we're in the once you're in the
safe house all of your belongings are
gonna be returned yeah but I need my
stuff now well that's your gonna be a
problem
for you butts up and we're out the
lights I was checking something sorry
about that
why would he return all of our things to
us his I think the argument he gave was
that you're not being arrested that
you're only persons of interest but the
cab pulls up I did I did flash the
lights though you saw a flashlight the
cab pulls up and Rogers Rogers walks in
and you go to the information desk make
us a lot hidden there
please make this yes you see a guy in a
gray suit and Silvano walk into the hood
of the hospital and they go to the seat
and then they head upstairs okay does he
look like the guy that was upstairs you
haven't seen him yet no but where I will
very shortly please all right and you
come up the stairs and you turn a corner
and make a spot hidden rule very yes
yeah it's so horribly critical you
actually react them before
yes agent Rogers does when you notice
agent Rogers standing in front of the
door yeah I were sitting he's sitting
facing the door that is your hospital
doc I'll grab agent barters his shoulder
and play and point at agent Rogers to
we will be back just as soon oh yeah the
giveaway hashtag chaos we've got I'm
gonna give what we've got to Cthulhu's a
giveaway so we have two winners they're
awesome US and Canada only sorry
Quebec I regret to say oh you've never
the Nordiques he's be was a big fan so
leave we'll be back just as soon as five
[Music]
you
welcome back everybody
congratulations yeah Noel you won the
the Cthulhu minifig apparently the
Baroness just picked whoever she wanted
to win that's that's the contest that's
a but so I didn't win I don't know how
that works
no we have to get murdered old school
and we're old randomly to figure out who
the winner was because the the squirrels
on treadmills that run the night but
think crashed so an RL congratulations
okay
can't you get your wife talk to those
squirrels yes if she could talk to
squirrels I have no place in her life
that's YouTube we've got to give away
for you Cthulhu minifig here you're
gonna have to watch till the end of the
episode to figure out how to get it
Marja or just skip ahead more than five
minutes I was in there you have to watch
like the three-quarters of the episode I
tell you you don't know when I'm gonna
tell you what to do so we're in the
hospital you are down in the log E you
three are in the room
gunfire aah fire confirm you are walking
up the hallway you just grabbed agent
Rogers shoulder and pointed out to him
his doppelganger and agent Rogers goes
what the hell
McGillicuddy who's that guy and
and the can I spot hidden mcgillich on
his face
sure or spot whatever so it's a ten yeah
whoa yeah he is trying to figure out
what the hell's going on okay as he's
looking at the two of us hold him
yep so I'm pounding on the window let me
famous last words from Emma yeah I can
help is not your best argument job based
on your own ass he doesn't know that
he's not the old McGillicuddy based on
your I'm gonna start a fire in a
hospital I can help is not not a
compelling argument let's see what
happens so there's there's kind of a
standoff there's just faces in the
window you are looking in the window and
this is like banging on the door let me
out let me out the heaven it goes this
would be a great time to start a fire it
would be the best time what's going on
outside the the Rogers I think do I
know the register give me each other no
no I can't see you can easily mcgillich
how do you like looking to the side and
the the Rogers and the chair sort of
standing up and and just sort of going
like this okay something's happening
with Rogers he's like whoa whoa whoa and
McGillicuddy's like I don't know you
know we need right now
fire I mean I need a drink and then we
need a fire I need a drink
give me those that the scissors the the
scalpel lock-picking yeah
all right you are using whatever I get
most I want to see this happen do we
want to do we agree those can only be
used to start a fire yes we good but
what's his vantage the the worst role is
this 74 best roles of 44 and either one
success okay do you want to
I've got a 33 year old disadvantage no
that's a horrible use of inspiration all
right okay so you again you are so
here's what will happen you will unlock
it it's just gonna take time
right so you are like but she wasn't you
never gonna even unlock it but you will
unlock it it's just gonna take time I
get to get to work on it okay are you
I'm already looking for fire utensils at
this point I'm like bashed it over I
don't like ooh
said in a fire is not going to sort out
what's going on out there
gonna burn us or kill us with the smoke
we're trapped in here
I do they do have a point if they're I
don't what do you mean no they don't we
know they're trapped in here and we're
on fire that's not gonna help me get
birthday boys get out
oh go through go down through the lobby
come back up get the staves okay
all right sir down on one until they
tell you where the staves are okay let's
not be hasty I grab a chair and go to
break the window decks roll to get to
[Laughter]
as Rogers goes like McGillicuddy who's
this guy you hear a crash from in the
room you turn around just in time to see
him ago
just smash a chair through the windows
[Laughter]
we did make the bro and I think we're
gonna go into initiatives at this point
how many rounds till he gets that door
open doesn't matter if they will never
know what's that those would say if they
seem to figure out what I'm up to they
should open the door for me on a ninety
one of the Rogers guys I don't have the
same stats Oh shame
one of the Rogers the guy who was
sitting
that's all Rogers Rogers I don't trust
that guy
exactly he looks at McGillicuddy and
he just goes McGillicuddy
arrest that man I don't know what's
going on here
ATS I've got the ad all right sir mom
are you gonna keep trying to get the
door open behind me the window just
broke yes it was just a crashing forget
the with the door look too long he
realizes it'll take too long to pick it
so I will back away from door and then
start helping with the rope you've tied
this rope to a bed frame starting a door
and you start dropping the rope down
sure
775 I I'm gonna join in and help with
this under one hand you bound like
starch it'll be down this round with you
guys doing that okay 60s on a 60 look at
McGillicuddy which way is he going
take out your gun wait are you a 65
yeah I'm at 65 gilad Cuddy is going to
he hears the crash and he like turns
around and he's like looking at going
what and he is like he starts fumbling
with the door trying to figure out I'm
gonna catch the end of the gun it's
falling down right 50s I tell Rodgers to
get his gun out like get your gun out he
might not be human oh you said it might
not be human just get your gun out we
don't need to be drawing guns in public
places just to have your hand on it you
ready
that's the real one and I take a couple
steps back I'm moving back right answer
now he's kind of like he's like doing
this to you and not paying attention to
the other homo I'm pointing still yeah
okay my backup character is gonna die
cuz he's stupid just like this one I'm
gonna kill everybody cuz I'm stupid yeah
I mean you started the fire
no I don't need to start a fire I'm
getting out you need to start a fire the
door is opening the access is here let's
just go get the staved and get out you
gotta make up your mind
fire staves I can't do all of this
Dave Meyer stay everyone will come
buddies here to see what the fire is
about The Staves will be unguarded you
go to the staves
where are the staves we torture someone
to find out oh this is more work than
you're built up to here more work than I
can handle so you are just the most high
meter once there's an inflammation disk
okay where the staves are is information
is the door open yet
no all right but if there was a fire
it would open that much sooner
no it wouldn't it's the same dude maybe
he won't like open it you know if
they're evil they'll just keep us locked
in here and let us burn alive especially
if that's not the real McGillicuddy
Rogers Roger I'm not there and
McGillicuddy now I'm not trusting any of
this good and evil are antiquated
constructs
okay how about their goal is to have us
killed
I mean I'm the broke ready to go yet oh
yeah okay so I don't know I'm sure it's
a crime roll with advantage yeah is that
nice or a good idea and climb is under
siege some would say they're a circle
for rolling a much it's yeah advantage
of 79 Oh wonderful 99 no 79 as opposed
to 89 there you go yep you can inspire
it don't you one of the fire I think we
do inspire because inspire it well well
your client got to use him
I have no so it's a 20 world this is
essentially like you get out there and
you're like I'm going and then you're
like oh god oh and so you're kind of
like frozen at top you'll make it down
just very slowly okay that's gonna sort
of I'm trying to be done to make the
climb roll you're just like I'm going
down you know and I'm down fast okay
each other I mean we don't have to waste
none I mean
well I mean you're getting it like
nobody's business that what nobody wants
to give the gym any very second you
abused it last time
regi ode is back with 500 more for years
do we want to use it on your time well
yeah if you don't want to get stuck
behind me it's a little bit also have to
roll to have people climbing over my
client but we won't be able to is the
thing not without taking not getting rid
of that advantage here's the important
thing the longer you are you're on those
sheets the less time you have to start a
fire I mean this is up to everybody else
I'm not in control these guys you guys
have to decide if I wanna okay so your
crime is 20 yeah it is a very low
percentage chance that you'll make the
exactly and it's the same chance you all
have better climb in 20 there we go
not much better but somebody made a
skill check once yeah yeah exactly
down there when I climb up they try to
help her you should totally do that well
oh no it's still crappy but it's not
it's a 56 yeah yeah it should be called
it in a sippy cup now yeah it's not an
as he puts that during the theatre a
rising one shot there's the Emma and the
Ted that's right two separate sides of
the spectrum okay you like get your leg
out and you're like whoa I do not climb
out of windows on sheets very often it's
breezy out here I'm wearing pajamas
nothing about this I like slippers don't
door right I'm 90 yeah see a shot
rings out oh so you like Rogers was sort
of looking at you but his head whips
around as fake Rogers just blasts
McGillicuddy Wow holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
I told you with Oh McGillicuddy like
does the fly back against the wall and
then slowly slide down
red-stained along the window I told you
to calm down
Dave certainly not Dave it was Dave it
was you have just killed Thomas's
character again was not
canonically say that Dave McGillicuddy
oh I don't care away he'd be a federal
damn it
sumbitch hey miss Emma still stuck on
look if I jump down the window how far
the ten feet are it's one out of twelve
or fifteen feet yeah you you if you make
a either jump or athletics which yeah
what's it called a jump roll if you make
a jump roll you won't take any damage I
don't like those odds
yeah I don't either well this will get
ready to go down the rope this repair I
mean actually so you could try and climb
over Emma I'm not gonna panic yeah can
we make an argument for adex role to
climb over her because we're dextrose
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's still climbing family if
there's a skill that always supersedes a
stat okay
breaking what if you climb over her and
you just lose the advantage of the rope
and because you're like trying to get
around her and we need that sweet
advantage I'll just wait for her I'm
gonna go in do you remember the one
that's waiting for her to clear all
right yeah you're like watching the door
yeah 7075 I'm also waiting for imminent
to clear but I'm pulling out the gym two
of the dinner knives that we use that
was got the you have all three of them
yes thank you have you both I'm ready I
have them in my hand so I don't have a
disadvantage if I have two knives in
your teeth pirates the other one is like
also on a 70 day McGillicuddy bleeds
poor guy 60s all right
this Rodgers is going to like draw his
gun and take and just like get it he's a
get down and he like gets behind the
desk and he's going to take a shot with
disadvantage I should roll the tents
nothing still pretty good oh he's gonna
hit ice wolf so cold Rogers he like rail
Rogers pulls the gun he like in a fluid
move he pulls the gun out spins around a
desk and shoots and he he hits the other
Rogers and I think you're the only one
that could see this yes and when it
hits him it's like a ripple in water
there it hits him in the center and it
just like this ripple sort of goes goes
through his entire visit it's kind of
like this undulating thing and then it
snaps back to looking like Rogers
alright how's that Sandro don't even
need to I'm just reeling right now all
right no you know what you know what he
rolled a seven you're surprisingly fine
yes where was that we're trying you know
why because someone else who who is
gonna take us in is seen the same crazy
oh yeah yeah that is that is your saving
grace so it's like oh and they take us
in they're gonna have to admit to seeing
crazy stuff - there you have to believe
us that was 60s 50s yeah
I'm grabbing Rogers and trying to drag
like you have to go get off me what are
you doing did you see that
go run all right you can make it opposed
to strength rolls
Oh
Rogers has a regular success nope
all right so this guy he should reckon
you and fear in my eyes - yeah that's he
shrugs you off but you might start to
yank him and he looks up you and he's
like get off me I got a deal with this
from a distance run it is from a
distance yes you more more a greater
distance that was 50s 40s that's it
oh thank you no to climb sure yeah
you'll you'll make it down okay you make
it down most of the way okay so you're
yeah you make it down your Coco oh my
god I said next all right I'll cover our
backs okay on a 90 roger versus roger
fake rogers we'll both of you mate gosh
are you you watching the door or are you
I'm watching the doorway watching does
the rope what's tiring go here so you
clearly see fake Rogers walks through
the door the door doesn't move it just
like he just walks through - nope you
lose one point of sanity but I streaming
from outside yeah you're just like we
have to go when Roger go in the doorway
kind I think I know where they are
man oh oh look would you so he walks
through the door and and he it seems
like he'd take years to take a minute to
collect himself what it looks like to
you is he suddenly became not a person
but a collection of like thousands of
tiny points that just sort of all went
through the door and then all came back
together so I'll turn immediately and
look at these skis in the room the door
is gone
used you turn around just in time to see
Rogers like kind of like reform is there
anything we can throw at this guy or
more chairs there's another chair so it
was my action that no actually my
knees he grabbed a grab a chair the
first one and just try to throw it in
that this guy that's a terrible way to
trip all right listen
make me a throw and throw I think it's
just basic and you'll do our 40th room
on top experience we get free character
genuine Joseph's days oh let's do it yes
aspire it 58 no I mean I saw that so it
just didn't click somewhere so you
throat you like throw the chair and he
just like crashes it away and I was 87
DS 75 I have knives there's a bad guy in
front of me that's an equation to a D -
okay oh it's in my shoe yes no it's just
cut on that it was in the cuff right up
here it's fine
it's perfectly excited to make it yeah
cuz inspiring her knife is that now they
need no I made up okay yes yeah you rung
up and you staff roll your damage so
this is this is to that's one sure you
72 sure one all right
you run up and you stab him and you you
stab and where you stab that same thing
happens it's just like it separates into
individual tiny points hmm little dots
yes and he looks like
does it remind me of anything that I've
seen before is it anything like the
parrot shark or the eye of the eye
spider no this is something new I don't
like new and I'm gonna like back away
okay
okay out the window we're down we need
to go find those stairs yeah I'm on it
all right that was 70 sixties ok sixties
so it's so so everyone just got down
yeah okay we have to get our stuff yes
okay back inside
all right let's we'll go to the front
desk sure sounds but coach everything is
fine we had a lovely walk outside and
now I would like to order Lee at the
information desk say well I'm I'm I'm
helping my friend here and we need to
have some of her her her personal items
can you get them for us oh I see they
would be in this storage room on the
second floor
oh all right can we just go over there
and ask them more yes they will
there will be an attendant okay um
it is rather lit now the attendant
perhaps rings a bell what's the
attendants name tonight I believe it is
Jorge Jorge all right well thank you
very much thank you sir he says it's
room 212 okay what room were you guys in
I were in oh they were in 247 okay
so we're not gonna be exactly it's a
wave yes that good all right those
sixties 50s low 60s six also one 50s
60s rock opera Rodgers yeah trying to
convince sandwiches so that his weapon
will not work after seeing the guy walk
through the door I'm hoping he's
starting to get the gist starting
something to pick up what you're laying
down listen mister I get paid to run
towards that not away from it like
stands up
he starts to head we have things that'll
work on it your guns won't it take more
you say that he's like good what like
what God where it where's their stuff do
you know where their stuff would be kept
I think they put it in a storage room
down the hall
come on all right so he'll he'll go with
you down the hall some heat and you two
are now running that stairway yeah but
calm you're like speed no as soon as we
get around the corner that we're running
across what they like yes yes I want to
see an animation of that 90 you have
come up and you like stab the guy yep
and then backed away again
Oh does he get attack of opportunity
it's not D&amp;D damn those five footsteps I
am using Ezra's hatred of D&amp;D against
him the the fake Rogers looks at you
with just an emotionless face and and
says actually doesn't say anything just
opens his mouth okay and B's I wish
nothing better just this massive bloody
tongue oh like comes out of his mouth
ah you're from that cult then got it and
and the it's almost like in front of you
the person is becoming the tongue and
like in the space of this initiative
this tongue now is turned the person
like small head huge tongue and like has
taken up all of the mass you can say
this is literally just a big time and
that's what that's what he used this
time something new I hate this um
Donald's gonna try to grab the mattress
off the bed okay pull that and try to
basically tackle him with the mattress
all right make sure every thrall did it
the mint under the mattress so much
stronger than I ever you do that that's
45 it's not that great but 59 is getting
the mattress really and it's just like
you get it around but you are now facing
him with this mattress now the next
round you can no problem you can do that
he will face your full fury yeah yeah
70s I'm gonna stab again because I have
nothing else going for me right now
Vantage because there is a massive
tongue in front of great yeah that is a
hard success alright roll your damage
you do max damage with a heart success
fantastic that's for you hey I'll to
pause my damage and it seems like I've
got nothing this thing is corporeal okay
so you definitely get purchase in there
okay and back and back off again because
I wouldn't make after work to get two
men that was 70s 70 you guys you and rod
Rogers will make it he's he's in much
better shape than any of you and he's he
makes it to the supply room yeah and
there's no one there
and he just he's gonna kick the door in
I like him we're keeping him has a
handle not how we do things and he just
yeah he gets a heart success he just
smashes the Dorian means like what can
help in there ah yeah just like I go in
there they are
I come on I'm not gonna touch it you one
of the stabs staves winning at it yeah
um be careful cuz it could work against
you
why did you you told me this could help
yeah it can all right fine
he grabs both of them don't use them on
yourself how do you use them on yourself
I don't hit me with them no you don't
hit with them what person who can use
them is downstairs 60s where Carly no
that is 60 he said yeah you guys now you
guys make it upstairs you see the door
that you were gonna go to has shattered
open sweet oh crap look they got here
before us Oh Oh all right so yeah I'm
gonna peek in the door all right you
hear me stammering you see silvano hands
subha nose like looking at a guy like
this and the guy has both stains and
it's kind of like what the hell all
right I'm gonna jump in and jump on him
to get him out of the way looking
looking fighting firm yes no yes
all right not yes like cuz I'd not know
I definitely has been I'm definitely
been that oral no okay so you come in
and you like try and push Silvano aside
and he's surprisingly muscular and then
you sit in the kite like the guy with
the staves he doesn't look so much angry
is confused at this point but I know I
know
no yep Jim give her give him to her she
can you hit a guy with these she can do
way more all right he'll write to you
sweet I feel better what's a good anyway
yeah sweet not why we're here yeah
alright so I run in and I'm please wait
Mike I'm thoroughly confused because I
see another Rogers right yes you see
Rogers okay and you see her go to Lake
Silla
so you come in about the same time as
her so she is like pushing Silvano aside
and the rod Rogers has the staves and is
like this in front of okay so the way I
interpret that it's like oh my god he's
got the other Rogers has the staves good
Rogers what do you what do you mean good
yeah what are you doing decision oh I go
actually
I don't believe in a good Rogers right
now so I'm go and try and crab this
Dave's from bad Rogers in my head all
right make a strength roll he'll be Sol
yeah before I get know so I'm making
it a regular success Rogers made a
critical okay yeah anything he rolled it
oh no she does he's just like lady will
get off me I was like you're Ives
there's another one of you please I know
oh okay go get him and you say go get
him and then his hands you the staves
alright yeah he's multitasking and then
someone get my daggers I'm not rolling
around in these pejorative Oh John
there's like a crate of weapons get that
crate okay I don't have to go fast in
fact I want to be kind of behind
everyone else if I can help it sure you
pick up like a a crate that head just
has shotguns and rifles and all sorts of
94 I think it no there I can get if you
saved am i right right yeah yep yep I'm
gonna miss that one low for everything
so alright we're back to the top 90s
Tony you should make a dodge roll
I shall miss the Dodge all right oh he
was my gosh would make my Dodger 37 are
you feelings about not getting a tan I'd
like to not critically foam worse leaky
tongue I mean I'm down to inspire but
that's your guy that's called I'd like
not have anyone get eaten by a blade eat
I'm sorry I'm Amy Amy hey my Amy's not
mmm I'm like over on trouble now
you're still second on the depth chart
here no one will ever beat well no I
mean after you do the same so do we need
to have a separate Emma Church yeah I
know I'll just change the turbo Amy
column yeah oh never get me this Bill's
Church Street going through the new year
your first bills James will you know
that should just be retired can't even
qualify anymore James no one ever
catches it when I spill things I suppose
things as often as he does and no one
sees it it's great the joys of being a
robe yes so you get whipped like by the
tendrils of this thing you're gonna take
three points of damage and then you're
gonna make a convoy Oh God have you say
that I hate con 96 sir oh we're back in
the hospital so you take three points of
damage and you are frozen in place you
are fully conscious everything you know
and it's sort of triggers some of that
yeah yeah now I got back you are a
prisoner in your own body and that is
terrifying to you good now when this
thing became a tongue let go of the gun
it was carried rhop the mattress run for
the gun that tries to take its gun all
right it's not gonna try and stop I
grabbed the gun
just pull up into it and try to shoot it
you're gonna make a hands-on role at
disadvantage all right do you put me
with us I swear to God
our seventies I have missed it by three
so the question is doing luck this thing
how much work do you have I got some
extra luck last time I miss Bennett what
do you got look inside look that way
because three points okay entries here
here's what I suggest we inspire it
that's right because his firearms is is
73 its III think it's a solid shot you
know inspire this good to mention good
well the only reason we are alive is
because of all the wonderful people who
damn it
god damn it 97 on wall when you pick Lee
you swoop down you pick up your gun and
the gun is covered in some sort of weird
gross that's a that's a fail uncommon
ninety a 90s fight you are frozen in
your own body you like do this cool roll
and you snap up and you've got the gun
straight and just you're frozen and you
you are totally conscious you're aware
of everything is happening you feel
everything but you cannot move it's kind
of terrifying make me a sandwich yeah
you had this before and you can success
okay but still so you're gonna lose one
you can decide if it's not technically
my phobia because it's not it's not
being submerged in liquid or
strangulation it's just being helpless
I'm fine with that I'm it's your call
that's that's every day of my life
because being afraid being mean unable
to do anything is something that she
wouldn't get well with yeah so the one
six and anything else okay I succeed all
right there's one saving cool I was 80s
70s
is there anything what I can do to try
and break out of this I mean if the
people at home believe in fairy is
really hard yes okay now I so I have the
stage yeah we need to get our friends
yep we go we'll go we're going yes you
you run down the hall yeah and you like
burst into the room and there is some
sort of awful temple a muddy tendril
tongue thing that has is currently like
sort of the tip of it is wrapped around
cheese okay I'm going to steal its power
I am gonna use these things and try to
steal its powers it wrapped around me a
little bit yeah yes and oh I got a
hard one not aimed extreme but a hard
hard success okay so a a weird black
line appears between Joan and whatever
this awful thing is and it kind of
starts from both of them and meets in
the end and where it meets there's a
tiny little explosion and you need to
this is yes yes a good heart no but I
did see say okay so you for just a
second
feel the touch of something in your
brain like reaching out to you and like
trying to understand what you were
trying to do
it's totally alien it doesn't you you
you have no conception of like you know
if there's no communication or anything
at least that you can understand but you
get the sense that this whatever this
thing was what if this feeling was it
and roll me a d43 okay you gain three
magic points whoa okay temporary you
know yeah all right
seventy sixties seventies Rogers makes
it down the hall and yeah all this
cockamamie garbage is okay but and he's
gonna blam oh he hits good and he seems
to do some damage it's the bullet lodges
the thing I'm really glad they were tore
through at my arm I wanted to do that no
yeah sixties fifties gonna oh sorry were
you are you basically carrying the girl
you're getting dressed well yeah that
too but I'm like collecting the stuff
help him whatever okay so you guys are
in the closet like no I'm the Freak I
just take it alright changing clothes
yeah and then I'll grab the rest of our
clothes and bring that sure Coco yeah
just show up so yeah you put down a
crate yeah you come around the corner
and you drop you drop the crater guys
and then you consider maybe leaving as
you see the situation and rozzers looks
down and he's like shotgun good
ah good it's either mine or yours I'm
not sure which one at this point it's
fine
another 500 bits for the players I guess
these are bytes actually but they are
from here tonight
winter high so 500 bytes Thank You white
and white or 19 you do whiter
there's no wider nightingale er winter
anyway thank you we appreciate it
indeed she's like the air all right that
is top of the lineup he has other
problems now so so do you come you are
intensely aware that this little tendril
like one of them like goes across your
vision quickly mm-hmm
you're being full-body bitten by like
you know it feels like you're being
stung by an entire hive of bees you gave
no I missed it by seven and I'm not
spending seven luck you take five points
of damage everybody that is not being
currently devoured by a tongue or frozen
that's what you know you see this
whatever this tongue thing is he's
starting to envelop I imagine she's like
convulsing and trying to scurry man yeah
yeah you are all you could like and it's
more cinematic no you don't even know
makes pot hiddens like you can all see
Alexander's frozen but her eyes are like
darting back and forth and wide in
terror don't make eye contact
with what millions of eyes
okay
that was 1980s your frozen 70s nor
frozen 60s alright so Wow that this is I
am angry and scared shitless at the same
time so I'm gonna try to do that
again that black line between me and the
tongue I just I want to try to see if I
can wrench out some more the line is
still there sure make a power rule yes
this will be opposed oh my god yeah I
made a hard one
not by not uh-oh you touch you feel like
this time you're the one doing the
pushing and you're you're like you you
sort of gain set like you so you get
like almost a vision but not quite of
this thing being coalescing mm-hmm
being created by a very familiar guy in
New York and a sorcerer who it has
created this thing and like imprinted
all of you in it
and roll me a d6 this time only a one
you get one magic point I can't do
anything like make me a sandwich yeah
for for all of this contacting with
darker ooh you're surprisingly okay with
you have one point of sanity all right
it's what you always wanted yep
there are 60s 50s I grabbed the rifle
and use the butt of it because I did not
want to touch this thing with my hands
and I'm sorry yeah you you're gonna run
up and just hit it yeah that would be a
fight a brawl okay with d6 Wow yeah so
hard success is that is hard suggested
math is double Derek no no max is max
okay said it takes no damage bonus nope
okay well nice strong yeah I'm somewhere
between those two scared but you start
running up and you just give it a big
crunch
yeah and it doesn't seem to react but
but the or let me rephrase that
like the tissue reacts but the thing
doesn't seem to react doesn't like
recoil or anything like that how did he
grab the shotgun yet oh yeah sorry yeah
come on like he like picks up the
shotgun he's like sorry about your
friend and there is a loud blam actually
he goes Chooch quick
did he fumble yeah Jerris and he pulls
out his handgun again I wouldn't keep
those weapons loaded well no it sounds
like a jam sound like there was a very
clear yeah all right
90s make me a con roll no you take three
points of damage
ten ah time you want how arrow in the
room starts to notice hmm that this
tongue is starting to look like
all right that was 90s 80s make a con
roll okay come on
success 45 all right you start to get
some feeling back into your hands next
round you can take an action okay 76 DS
I can't make a Conroe I can't do
anything but we cannot leave here not
what it is I'm still trying to drag the
power out of this guy because it's got
my friend I made it it's not big but I
made it he did roll a d4 again is it
weakening you looked rosy Oh what
doesn't she look tired yeah that's a
woman okay it make an intelligence roll
as you're like trying to ascertain
what's going on oh yeah very very much
right it doesn't seem I mean you're
pulling power out of this thing but it
seems like you're pulling you're pulling
you know gosh what does the analogy I'm
looking for the so this is a terrible
analogy but you're pulling coal power
out of an electric car gotcha gotcha I'm
pulling like a little tiny baby you feel
like you're you know the power that
you're playing out of it is not a power
and is using it all dang it
okay then you're gaining something but
it's not losing it right right right
right we got to do more those banishing
spells I was frantic wait you're know
you're reasonably dressed yeah okay all
right you're surprisingly fast dresser
okay
touch it back then so it's well do ya
that's why you keep asking if it's a
shame tank hey does Nixon era sivanna
goes right yes sorry
yeah so is there also a sawed-off
shotgun there is I'm glad there still is
what would it take around for me to just
put
and aim it right at the base where the
tongue connects would that be just give
it another round sure if you take this
round to do that aim and take the shot
next time if you miss then Tiana's gonna
need to make a decks roll well sorry's
happy to make rolls not in good shape at
the very least could I aim it in a
direction where you are minimizing the
possibilities that she will be shot okay
yes the extent that your current panic
allows you to roll up on the scene yeah
you you're gonna be at the door okay all
right all right eyes what do we do run
no I don't want to kill the tongue let's
do this start a fire
I might actually work on it I don't know
you know you'd listen to me in the start
we wouldn't be in this problem is this
really like no but I mean it's turn a
fire burn everything you I don't know
what that is
yeah what is it that is a singular
there's only one of those things okay
that's what the word means I'm not that
dumb about to give you some knowledge
that you didn't want to hear about to
dumb up that knowledge that is a
singular creation okay that is a mind
mimic Jesus okay what does that mean it
means so remember earlier when I said
it's wearing somebody else's yeah I was
wrong instead it's wearing someone
else's mind oh okay
yeah it looks like it's about to start
wearing the mind of your friend so how
do I stop it well at this point yeah
separating the tube will be very
traumatic okay to both of them so that's
good yeah but how do you separate them
so fire is really good so like I could
start something on fire and just burn it
I mean start it on fire
I mean really both I mean so you can't
really look at them as not a singer
at this point so burn that okay and
there's nothing else to get to get it to
stop I mean do you have any space Meade
no what do what it sounds good like I
didn't stop at the bar before we got
here I'm sorry what space meet how do I
get that that's a story for another day
okay space meet is incredibly useful it
automatically puts things into immediate
stasis great for space travel
ooh you know we should talk about this
later
is there anything around me to start a
fire I mean there's a whole Hospital
behind you yeah okay alright so I
yeah I just turn around and look for it
because I want to be friends yeah I want
to make a torch okay
sure can I'm making the torch you've
like pour alcohol on a shaft on a chair
leg and you've got a Charlie again good
charlie
alright nineties make a power roll Pat
yes so worst case Joe fumble no but it
was not naming okay so the two points of
damage you take is not nearly as
terrifying as like in your head you're
like feeling memories leaving sand
you're like shoot what was the name
what's the name of arrogance policeman
that that broke in to the broken to the
professor's house when we met him what
was God
what was that guy's name you're like
losing things the the mind mimic is now
no longer it now looks like a very pink
Alexandra so we can tell which is which
oh yeah
super easy yeah she's the one covered by
goo and not pink going by imagine more
ashen by the moment a tease so you get
your take a shot at it
alright please inspire into there's one
a guy over here okay this is I'm gonna
do a point-blank with a sawed-off shotty
series then I dream success Xtreme so
that is double damage good I'm assuming
we're using the 45 yeah okay so that's
2d 10 plus 4 blam so it's gonna be 12
plus no three so what's right you won
one in three one two so it's seven why
is that so he was right
so you a seven so you fire it still you
get you know it likes that ripple that
same ripple goes through and like it
looks more like a tongue now than it
does like intent like Alexandra you seem
to have set it back in its and it's sort
of there's almost like a regurgitation
kind of motion joint can be held points
back from that hold on to that memory
all right that was 80 70s high con roll
[Music]
nope alright thanks all right are there
any other firearms Oh rifle and a 45
there's a rifle and a 45 and one more
shot and our guns jammed though well
there were two she shot yeah I had one
of them mine 38 in there okay so there's
a handguns and go there any swords
there are daggers
I got this aura that'll got daggers um
same idea of the real dearth in oh yeah
well it's the same idea yeah miniaturize
yeah closer I don't think I could use a
fighting sword in a knife is totally
different
yes point the end in the best opinion in
the battles razor closer I can try to do
the magic all right are you dropping the
staves oh no oh yeah yeah okay yes so
I'm gonna have to these were cool but
back in the box
yeah what do I use with those just raw
raw right so you come running in yeah
try and render yes yes six damage plus
t4 plus any damage oh yeah decent
supposed to be four well no wait is that
your damage bonus
it was the claws are there plus t4 okay
yeah to that sin no plus a d4 oh I
yeah seven all right you come running in
and you tear at it some oh I don't like
it when he makes that yeah I don't know
either both ways I rolled a hundred so
so you come running into this thing with
these Tiger claws yes and you rip - you
rip Alexandra's face off it's what it
looks like cool you know cuz I'm mad at
I am mad and you yeah you are like
filled with this like bloodlust of just
like
nice all right I'm worried by the animal
sounds that the car goes before Rogers
has his gun and actually he needs to
make a same rule usually what song hell
is going on here you wasted a perfectly
you would roll staying sane right mrs. C
dollars you could inspire him should we
see no no no or is this just a
litigation that last vacation okay okay
so I won't go so do you have an
advantage done because he took the time
to a memorial because he's trying not to
kill you yeah appreciate it don't waste
it might be small what are your thoughts
she's losing them I am currently at two
if I miss a thing advantage my chances
of critically fumbling are ridiculously
low that is advantage is kind of
mitigation I like it yeah you think
about I honestly say go for it yes dude
also I want a chance to I actually hit
yeah yes
alright so the sawed-off shotgun is 46
nice do you need more no okay just a
regular success Wow
so that is 16 yeah another notch in
Solano's belts so such a beautiful hey
Joanne comes in and just tears the face
off of this thing and you stick the shot
off shotgun down like what was the neck
hole in sort of your understanding and
there's a KaBlam and it looks like you
know if you ever seen Mythbusters how
ballistic gel kind of and the things
just a horrible vomitus liquid just
spews all over the room as this thing
I'm out this and open right with that
roll your mouth is closed sweet everyone
is covered in this stuff and frogs and
it's like flat on the floor at this
point and whatever it touches you
there's like a novocaine feel it like
didn't you know you feel like that that
weird you know that's the stuff weird
burning feel when novocaine is wearing
off that's sort of like I couldn't fight
my cheek and now I can sort of feel it
that's what it feels like for just a
Rogers is Rogers link drops to his knees
he was a trooper and it is just like
staring aghast covered in goo and oh and
then I walk in and just saying back up
Hospital walks in with a torch you walk
in make me a pow
oh no I'm gonna make you make them I'm
gonna make you make the roll before it
says yeah no matter what yeah which nice
do I use cuz they've all been sort of
crack on ya make it alright it's
normally I still want to say back up
hospital though so you say that and
meanwhile the headdress says get the
staves they're right there they're in
the box they're fine get the stage what
do I need them for they unlock my power
yeah but sometimes your powers a little
crazy like you shouldn't just unlock
that kettle I think you two know each
other
okay I don't want to go to the crate I
don't want to be locked up in the crazy
place huh I mean I'm already talking to
the wall 50% of my days I'm really
disappointed in you
well yeah welcome to everybody else that
knows me alright so we come out of
initiatives in the Africa this
and like hospital hospital yeah you have
collapsed on the ground and you are like
going this is this is a weird reverse of
that your life is flashing before your
eyes because you are currently
cataloging every memory you have going
like do I remember that yes I remember
that
trying to figure out pulling memories
back there's if there's anything there
in the aftermath like I run out the door
and start shouting for a medic I think
there might we still need a doctor right
now
I need a doctor right now you are
correct
Rogers stands up a little shaky tightens
his tie you're all still under arrest I
like to look up at him and go there are
more things in heaven and earth than are
dreamt of in your philosophy
I have a job good for you to do there's
a good man that's dead here yes and we
didn't kill him who do you think's
responsible for that not you it looked
like you shot him you shot it all that's
what the witnesses and the police are
going to say you talk to him I'll go get
the doctor and still have a flat on the
ground and Rogers like late it looks
like for a second Rogers was considering
like bad things he liked pretty good
talk to him I'll go get the doctor I'm
gonna try and grab a sheet and I
apologize but I'm gonna try and do first
aid on you what inspiration like that
wasn't a critical yeah that was almost
wasn't a bump it was just really crappy
first day the preppy first yes yes
who's the g-man what's the story he's
right he's actually not bad
really he's hurt arrest us yeah we're
not going to his custody
no I mean he just wanted us to go to he
didn't technically technically well I
mean he did just technically everyone
just did wait hold on he'll come around
no that's actually a great point he
never said you're under arrest so he
doesn't say you're all still under
arrest okay he says yeah but he does say
you're all still coming with me to
London but he's seen everything he's
actually when you get to know him if you
talk with him but just don't okay well
then why what's he talking about going
to London with him what is the deal
they're just thorough there so they're
trying to figure out we left them look
at the door we've left a trail of bodies
and who does he work for the government
really yeah you know he's a real one
he's real he's not one of these cults
they've been chasing after us no how do
you know that hmm talk to them he seems
like a nice guy I can tell I can tell
when someone is a doppelganger that has
a giant can't only my headdress can tell
when somebody's know I had a good buy
when we when we showed up I was able to
I was able to pick the the winning horse
I'm actually like reach out and grab
Sylvanas ankle because I'm still like on
the floor and be like does he have his
memories ask him we had with him a
little no ask him if he has a leg it was
trying
silvano it was trying to take my
memories it was trying to become me and
that thing looked like him all right
well find out if he has his memories
shade on Alexandria apparently she
doesn't
or what you asked him to know all of
your memories so it doesn't matter if
you ask him anything he'll just tell you
anything at this point they several
doctors come in I'm like I can't like
wheel you out yeah I want to take you
and get you serious medical care if you
put me in a star never sooner god
they're darling in you know from what
you can understand a French they're like
what the hell happened here and I got a
responding brand Italian I have no
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clue so they're gonna wheel you
out
hi guys let's make sure we know where
she is okay keep an eye on where they
take care yeah no I'm guessing the
operating room no I'm not going anywhere
Rodgers walks in like actually Rodgers
is staying out with McGillicuddy and
he's like he's like having a moment with
Gila ke all right give him some space
while he can mean today I'm gonna give
Rodgers that on the gun back he like
acknowledges that move and he puts the
gun with McGillicuddy oh wait no that
wasn't me Gilligan
it was the pockets the pockets the the
[Music]
[Laughter]
okay so Rogers is gonna take a minute
there and then he's going to come in
he's gonna close the door
and he's gonna say I think I'd like to
hear your story I don't know oh just
ready we where well you guys know the
start of it I was starting in New York
where you want to start which which
story
did you tell me I've got lots of them I
have divergent timeline stories which
story would you like to know
exactly so which which city let's start
with New York let's start with London
now go to New York there's a spider
thing there do so in summation cult juju
house that's New York yeah so how much
Jackson Eliza there's how you're not
telling him yeah right like I'm
specifically like not mentioning the
ending of the world yeah are you
mentioning that you killed Gavigan no
but we Colts we have to we have to say
that these cults when you tell him about
that because that'll explain the tongue
thing I will jump in and ream ention
what I said about Zahara yeah it's wrong
that that she died on a flaming boat she
said on fire yeah Council was leading
the witness
Gavin leads one of these cults and he's
where he's one of the leaders of what I
think is leaves a cult oh yeah him and
Zahra were basically fighting for power
of the cult and that they tried to for
some reason get us to kill I've both of
them at the one killed the other
yeah I know it's really confusing why
why are you agreeing to kill we didn't
we didn't that's the thing right after
we didn't he came to kill us yeah that's
who killed Gavin
hmm he's Gavin dead don't know no he's -
he's guys cult he's guys go ask that kid
think the accounting kid might know
where he's at no don't do that to him
that was his he said something about his
house what was there wasn't some monster
or some sorts what he's a state in
northern England well actually II
strangling how do we know that it burned
down you said he said that to you no
it's not that
was rather didn't he says she burned the
boat down Serena no key to not that we
can tell okay so you were you were all
on the boat that correct that's a fire
yeah yeah that's why we're here right
and you don't know what happened to
edward Gavigan I did not see what
happened to edward gap neither did I
don't think technical truths are still
truth I'm assuming a lie about it
I'm just glad I could not answer the
question base play but let them talk and
honest quiet okay all right look you've
clearly been through some experiences
and I want to thank you for your help
and whatever just happened here we lost
a good man today lets us have only known
him a couple days but he was a
professional and I appreciate that I'm
gonna ask you to come with me to London
what are we gonna do in London we are
going to the United Kingdom has there
was there was the Empire certain life
yeah the royal government has asked
their asking tough questions about
Edward Gavin's loss Gavigan was a very
influential man in Britain and you I'm
gonna be honest your prime suspects
there's just too much I mean there's too
much evidence whether or not it's solid
evidence you know the the bed and
we a member an employee of the your
repeated visits to the pin hew
Foundation a break-in to the pen you
Foundation some very strange notes that
mister Gavigan took apparently he was
very concerned about all of you possibly
killing him hmm what about all the other
correspondents that fellow had from the
the other cults in egypt and los Lorde's
yes I defy Allah no eccentrics blood
yeah that's a little creepy
actually there were hmm
I'm sorry I'm not here oh yeah yeah he
stays kind of sneaky that must have
found that he was talking about a cult
member second Egypt and whatnot no there
was nothing at the pin new foundation
what about his apartment
no his apartment was barely lived in it
was it's very nicely appointed but hmm
you know he did come up in some of my
research I've been researching you know
Egypt and things like that I'm an
archaeologist and he did come up several
times in in my in my studies but and and
and some of the cult issues um
but yeah so that may be why he was since
I was looking him up maybe that's some
of the reasons why he was he was looking
US attention that we went to talk to him
yeah to look into yeah Carlisle
expedition yeah well look be that as it
may I like you you you you did the right
thing in this situation and I that
counts for something might have done it
the wrong way but you tried to do the
right thing in this situation but you
have to understand how it looks a
prominent member of British society
disappears and has notes that say that
he's worried that you're going to do
something to I knew that English would
do this eventually did don't trust the
Royal government well there's there's
another matter that this is all somewhat
part of because
and I'm not at liberty to say much about
this but there were things found in a
warehouse that was leased by the pen you
elements that belonged to United States
military mm-hmm that's how the u.s. got
into it okay got you guys just helping
dumped that's what the military got him
- yeah right
so again I'm asking you to come with me
to London but I'm I'm not gonna fight
you I can't force you but I can tell you
that if you don't come with me
I can't shield you from the consequences
yeah but can you shield us even if we do
come if the Royals aside to to arrest us
what can you do
we're not going to have a better chance
to clear ourselves of anything like he's
you've actually seen yeah and so where
would we be staying in London actually
I'm not worried about that more the
lines of who would be representing us
and would it actually be a legal court
in London or is this just an informal
incorporation inquiry at this point
there are no there are no there are no
charges because yeah because we can say
wherever we want if there's well no I
was just thinking that that that if they
were willing to put us up then we
wouldn't have to worry about backups
grabbing out we could arrange lodgings
for you in London for the time that you
would be there I would ask that until
the end of the inquest you not leave the
and I can't
I I can't speak for what
UK law enforcement will do yeah that's
but I mean they still are a country of
laws and unless they have evidence they
can't arrest you mm-hmm at least we're
not at war it's different during wartime
that is very true
perhaps we could all discuss this
well you seem to trust this fella
silvano we need a lawyer Oh grams he's
gonna come also how much trouble are we
in with Carlton Ramsey right now I don't
know did I get around to sending in the
you've not sent in the but what you
didn't buy the violin you just or
anything I haven't but yeah I mean yeah
well well I was assuming that I was
doing that well sure we did send him a
message from London as we were leaving
to basically be like this is where we're
going yes was the the mr. house was
never purchased yet as far as your
people haven't purchased like three days
it's been burnt down that's the the
Royals could find the body began again
that's almost and this image of the
royal family digging are they gonna find
the single ring serpent they won't know
this body cuts into pieces and buried in
his own backyard
burned actually I thought it'd work yeah
yeah there's probably not much too much
to it we need to find a corpse or you
know they'll find bones no fun he took
care of the fine yeah they'll find the
grave of Seamus a sort of poorly made
cross something they can
they can put us in the vicinity perhaps
yeah well yeah so I mean but I still
like are we going to find a better set
of circumstances to clear our name yeah
another question is there any chance we
can get that box is it just out of it
regards
we might even wonder Rodgers is because
I'm not gonna break back into a yellow
US military facility well so it wasn't
the military I'm sorry it was just an
der house yeah but they found stuff
there would you be able to recognize the
contents of the crate no cuz it just
broke the crate and then the world blew
up huh so there's that no but I could
recognize the little machine that they
were looking for because I saw it
already okay in a dream just reminded
yet yes what was the main thoughts we
also need to come to a collective
consensus as far as how we got the stave
cuz I'm sure the staves were part of
gabions inventory and those need to be
pretty sure he kept those on the
down-low and I don't think so I don't
think that trace it to him was just
something that the headdress hasn't been
brought up yet I know and I've been
wearing it everybody's like the Pena
foundation and medium clear that all the
good stuff was not documented yes so
whenever we tried to look at these
things we could never go visit them in
their little museum here's a terrible
idea
yes sure he probably documented
everything because why is it so
convenient that the government has files
on us but not files of any other crappy
things that he's doing mean GM yeah well
the thing is if they had me if they had
evidence that they had evidence on us
we'd already been been yanked yeah but
they just have these files that the guy
says this person there they're an
archeologist and they might beat me up
they might notice if I wrote a note that
said Nick might kill me and then I died
yeah they want to talk to me right right
exactly
are there any witnesses perhaps though
we could we could send the direction of
the coppers I mean it's Arab said that
the intern fellow Egyptian felon
always keep her open to vacuum hahaha
yes poor thing I I don't know anything
about that so I don't know let's not
send him because we abducted him and
then asked him to take us to the mr.
house let's leave him ah yes he might be
in evidence
yeah might be a witness for the
prosecution to the misery house I mean
this is what we really have no evidence
to clear ourselves but we have this
situation that occurred in front of us I
guess I mean that's I think that's as
good as it's going to get for us so
maybe we can clear some stuff and then
just keep our mouths shut
like like for The Staves we're we
could say what we bought them from a
place that's no longer there we don't
have to say anything about them true we
all just I know we're asked can get them
from a place it's not there anymore oh
we do legal counsel isn't because a wise
idea he's gonna be so excited too
smitten dong is that our new york
attorney perhaps a London attorney dong
and then we'll speak to our London
attorney at the law firm in every game
I've ever run attorneys so other than
that our second option is not to go back
to England ever I mean an New York by
the way I'll be fine perfectly what's
just not kind of Cairo well let's have
as few warrants for our arrest and
countries as we can I do have another
idea I can live under that little name
very easily that wouldn't be a problem
when he says that everybody make an
intelligence roll oh yeah heart nope
hard intelligence ah but you're all 98
Wow alright I'm a dog this is your fault
I hope they know this yes we've all
there's been
we've all agreed that this had my photo
so everybody that made it yeah like it
has to be clear because they took your
belongings that you have fake IDs oh no
but I have our stuff back
Rogers has not mentioned anything about
that I have specifically kept mine
hidden hi he gonna say you two actually
might wait hold on with a 98 you forgot
yours of course not it would fair enough
there enough critical fumble when they
didn't even know about me in the first
place so anyway what do you often have
real critical comments yeah all right
well so you have down the drain because
of you he hasn't said anything about it
yeah they're in the they're in the crate
apparently bumbles moves outside quest
oh no you stop that like they're in the
box yeah but like you know there was
somebody somewhere was like who's Joanne
Smith Irene Adler story as to why we
have the fake IDs is because both
parties wanted us to kill each other
otherwise both parties and again I told
the cop this or both parties were gonna
kill us
that was the ultimatum and so we just
got fake IDs inside leave town hey you
know what do you think John we going
back or running I want to go back I want
to get cleared because then we still
need to go to Congress mm-hm well I mean
you could just go to Cairo yeah I never
know what is is Cairo
I'm an English possession at this point
technically part of the Ottoman Empire
okay it was basically taken over by the
yeah that's what I was afraid of when
was it taken over by the English no yeah
that's the end of it were one okay yeah
it's was afraid of this so Franco there
no if we get cleared then we can just go
and don't have to worry about it I mean
we just we do don't want yes there were
a lot of a lot of assumptions and that
well understand I'm I would not put my
faith in English legal system but
if the group decides to go back we'll
think I'll take my chances
wait so I want to correct something I
say thank you book for saying this it
was a British protectorate it has
regained there was a revolution in 1919
and it regained most of its most of its
independence oh okay
except the British reserved for error
areas of discretionary power Imperial
communications the Suez Canal the Sudan
the defense of Egypt and the canal
itself hmm so other so it's the Egyptian
government exists as its own thing
so like there's no it's not really going
through a oil custom oh oh that does
change it a bit well what do you think I
should go back
there's no we can't we're burning it at
both ends we can't be chased from behind
it then have people ready to get us from
the front
I think Alexandra will probably go back
she's English
she trust there Susan Wow that was not
really but sure so you're going to get
they they don't operate on anything you
just get massive amounts of wound care
good you're gonna get six points back
thank you right away and then you're
going to get a point back every day that
you rest okay I could take him back to
them reasonably soon yeah bye bye by the
time that they're starting to do this
voting thing mm-hmm they'll wheel you in
in a wheelchair hi you do not as well as
can be expected that was the I don't
even not described how it hurts you but
clearly it tried to take me hmm well
good thing my nunneries and tried to
take the essence of who I am what are we
talking about I don't want to talk about
this anymore do we do we go back to
London with the OSI guys or do we
similar
well it's gonna be more than one yeah or
do we run he's not in the room is he no
he left yeah that'd be you just keep
talking as far as we know we are still
suspects but yes apparently they want us
to clear it up
or perhaps they will prove that we've
committed a heinous act if we raise
killing an English Lord Lord Gaffigan
snot was never a lord who just rich it's
some rich English guy who's got
connections if we run it almost gives
them the yeah if just adds if they yeah
if we run they will chase us yeah and
the British Empire is still very large
and influential throughout the world the
United States is becoming more
influential if we piss off both of them
we're running from two of the biggest
things in the world and it's just the
five of us I don't think we'll be sick
Colts but yeah it seems you happen to
have a barrister or a solicitor that you
know do it are there any like lawyers or
anything like that that I would know in
England
sure would would madam no ain't no
anyone if I go to can I go talk to her
she definitely would she would connect
you with the law firm of Schmidt Schmidt
and Doris it's all we get they're used
to weird stuff yes
so I mean most of you know my history at
this point and I was put on this path by
someone in London who is used to weird
stuff
she's someone that we can talk to and
someone who might be able to help us and
I don't I don't like the English legal
system any more than I'm sure you do you
know great weeks you know you know my
job I don't play well with the law but
she does and her lawyers do
oh that sounds good that's I'm sorry
good to resist calling the next episode
of the trial of the Great Danes don't
fight it fight it fight a horde so so
Rogers will like tap on the door I'm
still sitting in sit in the wheelchair
it's likely named and he'll actually how
are you hurting that okay did they they
told you what I said yeah yes yeah um
well look if you're not coming with me
you should probably go I think we're all
in agreement mm-hmm I think we're going
back we're going we'll go with you're
Rogers I I will put in every word that I
can for you thank you because like I
said I think you're doing the right
thing probably the wrong way it's what
you're doing the right thing at the very
least very clumsily and that's you know
that's worth a lot in my book I don't
understand any of this to be fair we
only just do it ourselves I don't
understand it either but you know
there's there's something going on here
all right well when are you able to
travel tomorrow I'd rather I'd rather do
this sooner than later yes I won't be
good for much for a while I would prefer
to sleep as much as I can but I can
travel I will book us train and then
ferry tickets we'll cross the channel at
Calais and then we'll take a train to
London we should be if we leave tomorrow
at 9:00 a.m. we should be in London by
dinnertime I'm going to recommend that
you be released to your own recognizance
because you are only persons of interest
I am going to use my prerogative right
now to release all of your belongings to
you
thank you because you're not under
arrest and I'm gonna go book train
tickets I'm gonna trust that you'll be
at the train station at 8:30 tomorrow
morning will bear that I'll be there all
right
that's so cute that he's gonna release
my stuff to me that I already have and I
do want to send a telegram ahead to
Madame okay to to enlist to warn her
that that shit's going down and I need
help yeah and I'll be like and you go to
put in there that she's got to teach me
how to just how to talk just in general
like what yes just Pygmalion baby
sweetheart darling I say this with the
greatest love and respect in the world
she started with me when I was about 8
and I'm only just there I think she may
have a lot I think it would take
significantly longer than 18 years to
get you to whereabouts I am but as as
Rodgers leaves I I want to step out with
him yeah and ask can can I tell you
something in complete confidence of
course okay
like it's hard to do all the words I'm
just gonna like lay it out I tell him
about the stone at the at the what's the
mr. house and where it is so the seal
okay yeah and just like don't ask me
anything else about this just if anyone
searching don't touch that don't break
that you you need to if you can make it
so that that is completely safe very
horrible things will happen if that is
disturbed well thank you for trusting me
to tell that and I believe that the
Catholic Church is in the process of
buying that land
understand that the yeah but I'm aware
of yeah
all right well all right then I guess
that's the right thing yeah okay but
I'll make sure that they know that as
well
okay I know if any searching was going
on like cuz they go in and be like well
there is certainly some searching yes
but I'll make sure that that is not part
of it okay all right so I think next
time will be the trial of the great day
Omar oh we will we will see what happens
all right I lied YouTube I waited till
the end because I just wanted to watch
them roleplay so here's the thing
YouTube if you want this little Cthulhu
guy and you live in the US or Canada
apparently Quebec is not part of Canada
we don't make the rules we just contact
all Canadian government yeah what's this
get Trudeau on the phone there you go
you know if you want this little Cthulhu
figurine a buy a copy of unspeakable
words it's a good game cousin plenty of
them but be in the comments make sure
that you are subscribed and you like all
of the great dates that you met like
quests and chaos everywhere you can tell
us in one word is the Great Dane Society
guilty or innocent I know what I I hope
we're found innocent
yeah please find this innocent I'm
begging you you determine the results we
just want you to find us yes have an
amazing holiday season
and Happy Holidays everybody we are off
all quests and chaos shows are off next
week already gonna have yep the first
Wow until the first until we come back
for the big all-day thing so we get some
days off to enjoy the holidays with our
friends and families I hope that you
have a wonderful holiday and you know
you this community in every sense the
guys on everybody on chat people on
YouTube everywhere I so enjoy Canada and
we all enjoy connecting with you and
talking with you and answering questions
about the show and your ideas I love
when YouTube throws out ideas and I go
back and I read all the twitch comments
too so I see your I see all your ideas
and you know you've probably noticed a
few of them popping up here and there
Thanks yeah I'd rather steal a good idea
then come up with a bang with puppies so
I thank you this has been this year has
been amazing for for this for for
playing with you guys yeah for
everything at question chaos can't say
enough good things about all that you do
for us Nick is not lying they would be
dead multiple times over he's right at
work for you crazy people saving their
bacon you have one left right have one
left
we are gonna over again use the star
cards right we will wait a minute
sometimes it's unstoppable the return of
guys
so normally I'd run through the shows
but really the only show is New Year's
Day so I hope we see you New Year's Day
you'll see some of this crew there
you'll see all of the the wacky
characters from quest and chaos coming
through you can also in the comments say
who you think is gonna win in the Warren
and Erin fun nobody's a winner barf all
Marvel has better films DC has better
television nobody again nobody's a
guys fun here let's do it Evan
yes here next year here C holidays
there's letters to 2028 cheers Cheers
you
[Music]
