Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends and welcome to
question Cthulhu thank you for spending
a little bit of your geek end with us we
really appreciate it
we're playing Call of Cthulhu as usual
it's great to be back happy and let me
be the last to say to you happy New Year
Happy New Year everybody it's been a
it's been a minute your happy new year I
want to I want to shout out Amy and
Thomas again Nick has one on the table
but we got these and there's another one
we got everybody as a Christmas present
got these lovely folios a great job from
I'm gonna remember it forget the name of
the company Berkley stamp an engraving
they do like all of our lovely stuff
Mike Chilton who speaking of which
thanks to YouTube Mike you are the
winner of the cthulhu's totally may I
rolled to die I promise so Mike we're
gonna will we won't mail these to you by
the way Mike thinks you're all guilty so
watching the episodes I mean should be
clear YouTube overwhelmingly thinks
you're guilty although many of them
surprisingly think that somehow you're
gonna get out of this yeah why are our
backup characters are in London he's
taking us to London why would we be
getting out of this it's all it's all
there it is it's great to be back and
it's great to have Gordon Biersch as our
beer sponsor here
several players are enjoying some of the
fruit of that I'm given to understand
it's quite good I mean for alcohol
drinkers yes there you go it allowed Lee
taste like I'm sure it tastes like beer
or cider it tastes like happiness or
bearish it's beer that is that is their
new it's very exciting I'm starting an
ad campaign for them Gordon Biersch it
oh that's pretty good yeah
amy has a headache and will not be
wearing the headdress of eyes because
some of us don't where it's rising ly
painful at time is it yeah it moves all
right man no this looks so once again
the Baroness the Baroness Gilman work on
that and made amazing stuff it's amazing
I want everyone but Julie to wearing
voices anyway so it's justified in our
apartment the fridge may or may not be
older than I am and at night my poor
wife has come to learn this I'm pretty
sure it's telling me to kill someone
because I'll like I'll wake up and I'll
hear that's pretty coughing something up
but in the fridge makes the weirdest
damn noises and you know I've had
someone look at it and they're like all
of your food is gonna curse you slow
there you go go the bridge works fine so
it's good method a crowbar won't fix we
we have a subscriber goal coming up on
your screen a number that I'm not aware
of would get us to that subscriber goal
it's a Cthulhu starter kit this -
Cthulhu starter kit it's awesome
there's some great stuff in there our
friends at Nord games if you use our
code there which is chaotic 15 what is
the 15% I was like I'm not going into
the numerology of it all there's a
chaotic payday that's what
the non rent check I can do it yeah
that's right
chaotic 15 checkout gets you 15% off
Nord games stuff if you know somebody
who might rate us if we get raided we're
given an ort games deck giveaway right
then so go tell somebody to read us
we're not above begging no and speaking
of which bits for jail anyone yeah if
you say bits for jail they keep us out
of jail that's really what's gonna
determine it without we but I just want
to highlight so I think Amy and I think
there's a set over there we've got these
I have birds of paradise
Hiroto type dice watch birds paradise is
awesome they make these dice the purple
ones I'm particularly fond oh yeah yeah
Andrea who is a big supporter of quests
and chaos who has a name on there that
is fake that I don't know their clown
step there we go the first day my name
on twitch is Ezra Dini creative you
don't need these hairy crazy things
her name is Hefner we can't my name is
the Baroness on there that's it but
they're awesome if you use if you put in
like exclamation point Birds weirdly
it's like a diacritical or something you
can find out more about the two where
you can get them I will be but I'm
buying sets of these dice because they
are beautiful really mm-hmm
readable they're crazy sparkly yeah and
as a bonus before we started people were
rolling them and there were a lot of 90s
and up so I was really pretty happy look
at that three that is an amazing three
epic how things are going worst
knife skill speaking of Amy has given us
I mean the Hefner 500 bits and he
pretends like we're friends I think
that's nice I think that's nice
first really he doesn't write us but
that's a that one's bearing no I miss
nice try though he's a little mad at me
because I was in Seattle and completely
forgot that he lives in Seattle until
the day I was leaving and went and then
you both said New Year's Hefner thank
you so much for all you do he's the evil
moderator the bareness of course is the
good moderator but half Nara you are did
he ever get he said did you ever get
your get your action figure did he get
his action figure yes yes in again
Thomas could just be saying that and oh
no it's in the mail oh I've taken either
plastic it's resale value is gone did
anybody check the Hefner's e-bay account
by the way it's probably up there are
yes and oh I'm supposed to the last
reminder it just says it's the discord
that is so go in the discord hang out
with the discard one the discord and
baby discordant how many inspiration do
we think we had less oh I don't know
my drink is
gives it an oaky hint does okay I don't
know maybe okay Morell out there okey
you know it's it's it's a natural wood
whatever it is that much I could tell so
last episode
things went predictably pear-shaped for
the great day in society thanks to Nick
fast an egg I mean bigger on the bottom
he made me make the luck wall you know
what happened I can't be held
accountable for that I
a lot of what happened afterwards okay
sure
mistakes were me yeah I mean I'm
bumbling through the conversation but I
didn't completely screw it up nicely so
today Nick on a sojourn in Paris a to my
mainly to close shop ran into a federal
agent who a United States federal agent
who wanted to bring the members of the
Great Dane Society back to London to
discuss some of their previous actions
at about the same time the people in the
hospital met a very similar federal
agent who also wanted to do something
with them that is not clear and when
those two federal agents met it was
hilarity on you know the sort of way
that only twin identical twins can it
can bring like a TV sitcom I was trying
to think of who the what the show was
that was no no the tomb but they're
cousins no identical I was thinking of
twins Arnold Schwarzenegger and Daisy
I'm old this was like the 60s it was
like gosh two little girls high school
nope
oh fudge that's gonna break from the
shining but yes television yeah yes the
Patty Duke show why she paid I but so
sctv Tracy so much better than Saturday
Night Live I see TV did a bit where they
they they would do the conceit of sctv
was that it was a fake TV network and
they'd have commercials for upcoming
shows and they did a whole episode where
every commercial for upcoming shows was
just a straight ripoff of the Patty Duke
show and it was the same theme and so
but they're OPEC oil ministers identical
OPEC oil ministers I know this is a joke
only I this is only amusing myself but
sctv look up it up look it up on YouTube
it's the best spikings and beekeepers
there you go dr. tongues house 3d House
of stewardesses
such so inappropriate yeah that was that
was there I actually didn't register the
words that came out of this is not
supposed to sharp parrot my that's a
very real and present threat you know in
shark/doo doo doo doo de s there's got
to be something in the marriage vows
about this but my wife continues to give
you people money 500 bits from my
second-favorite twitch member squirrel
on the run the Baroness is my first
favor all it's all these guys that's
money too nice look look a second my
love of the Baroness has nothing to do
with financial unlike my love for Rachel
it has nothing so I'll be sleeping here
tonight five hundreds and then slighty
tov another another five ninety toes
this your husband is it phonetic all
right there are some conversations going
on with partners in this group that I'm
not playing defense I to make some
threats but whatever the problem is late
don't make it easy it's not like we it's
not like it's not my money too it's
Gordon Biersch be my Gordon be but I've
got a good angle here you know put a
little English on it look we appreciate
you whether or not you give us money we
appreciate you a little more if you give
us money I'm not gonna lie but like
thank you so this community on twitch on
YouTube podcasts on podcasts by the way
our podcast now you can find it it's now
searchable by call of cthulhu not just
the great dane society
get it anywhere you get podcasts unless
it's dirty don't go we don't we're not
there and it's it's just it's great we
love engaging with you in the chat hear
the comments in YouTube we love you
people many of the players myself will
go in there and will answer questions so
you know cord ask us stuff and use the
bits to disturb the game the Hefner is
giving you a thousand bits because he's
not on my top to twitch my beautiful
wife my beautiful wife I know a good
family law all I needed now we have
enough inspiration we are not going to
jail
thank you well I'm glad that you could
all be here to watch the dissolution of
my marriage so after some shenanigans
you managed to deal with the identical
twin situation in a fairly direct and
forthright manner involving firearms and
involving part of Alexandra's identity
being slowly sapped from her do I have
all of my memories back you do okay good
it over over an evening of sleep and you
agreed here's a question though okay no
are you confident that you have all
yours an interesting question make me a
sandwich for Oh
oh boy so you got a little worried you
don't know what you don't know I don't
know what I was like you remember every
I don't know what I tell now you heard
it first folks you know I knew you stay
in your head you're like you know I
don't want to I don't want to reference
Marilu Henner again cuz I skew old as it
is we've already had Patty Duke and you
know SCTV so I'm trying to string
memories I have five minutes on Liz Oh
coming up that's just great Lizza was a
name I know it's a she's a she's acted
it really a fun are awesome but we're
going with that oh yeah you you know
you you feel like you remember
everything I mean it's not like you
remember what you had for breakfast you
know on December 7th 1912 anyway but
like whenever you can't remember
something it's vaguely disconcerting is
it is it something I don't remember is
it something that the mind mimics sucked
out of you I call it mind mimic I don't
I make up 90% yes because you were
really upset that you couldn't think of
something better than yeah kind of
reference D&amp;D yeah
it was not it was not my best work I
have a circular creation mind mimic a
circular creation I like that yeah I
probably went creature I also wrote the
word space made oh yeah use space meat
was reference
band space Meade was referenced and you
agreed to return to London with the one
of the two federal agents that did not
try to suck memories out of someone's
head and so well he saw the weirdness
she's like no he was he Rodgers I
believe agent Rodgers actually said that
you know he would support you and and
you know he he's gonna give you feel
like he's gonna give you a fair shake
based on what went on and his
experiences so we rolled and said don't
trust the law I think things inside of
the eight-balls rdrd twenties yeah there
I've seen yeah the per the pyramidal uh
the triangular faces yeah that's that
makes sense right I really wanted to use
on for DD same time sources say no yeah
I think I missed you let me say that
corresponds to much its interpretive oh
yeah you read it as you will all that
counts is that I have this Dame's now so
you know that's all yeah yeah you have
the staves the headdress no matter how
fetching it looks on today it's they
really bring out your eyes you know wear
the dress they're slowly burrowing and
so we're actually going to start with an
interlude and that interlude is a
flashback does that music imagine in
your head a beautiful piano solo it's
not that it is it is the backup your
backup character so Tom bare with us for
a minute because we were not there um
your backup characters coming off the
boat
February 11th you have had
wacky hijinx on a boat with some also US
government stuff involved as soon as you
leave the boat you are taken to a hotel
and for two days food is brought to you
but you cannot leave you are essentially
held in this hotel trying to figure out
what's going on at the end of those two
days after two days so on the on on on
Valentine's Day
49 February 14th you bring this
chocolates hey please take this pill no
a gentleman
enters the the suite that you are
staying in and introduces himself as
agent Rogers and he he apologizes he's
very and he I want you I want to tell
you that you saw some things on those
boat on that boat I've been told that
we're confidential United States
military apparatus and I need some
contents not all of you I understand are
US citizens but I hope you understand
the importance of keeping what you've
seen confidential there's one more
Christmas present mmm I purchased some
backup mustaches for Knicks backup care
to rocket your mustache
no yes a lot of moustache a lot of
trouble here help me different mustaches
yeah there's some there's some amazing
this is a whole new start I just can't
wait until Knicks role playing is seen
with himself and no here's what I mean
what I said was no the sorcery that's
like you know 0.57 Selleck to that
mustache Big Bend keeping the topical
references good there we go all right
I never Tom Selleck is and as we've
established from the baby on his table I
can't explain him my life no one would
believe us if we told them that it's
that it's true maybe straighten that a
little nick is wearing a ridiculous hut
handlebar mustache what it is too
greatly adhesive you are what do you
mustache oh yes I think I had an album
from them in college please write play
the hardest as Flint's pointed out no
one would believe us if we said anything
about this so at the risk of being taken
for insane obviously we're going to be
quiet
although I am concerned that the US
government seems to be weaponized
diseases and demons that's a to I mean
so your statement there makes me
concerned that perhaps you don't mean
what you just said I'm concerned but
there's nothing I can do about it
and I'm pragmatic enough to recognize
that I'm guy that I don't want to spend
the rest of my life in bedlam what if I
told you there was something you could
do how so I am part of a top-secret
United States military project that we
will refer to as the Omega protocol the
Omega protocol home again well do any of
you understand the significance of
January 14 1926 No January 11th 1927
what a year from now
No January 14th today's the 11th I have
two dates written down and I just
glanced down and you're talking 1926 now
annually 14th 1912 that's it is one not
exactly no no February 11 months exactly
months from now
yes no no we haven't
we have intercepted communications from
various groups that are indicating that
something extreme will happen on that
date in the future what sort of extreme
what rules yeah groups that could that
could be described as cults ah On
January 14th 1926 there will be in a
solar eclipse
there will be totality over most of the
great deal miscommunication focused on
the South Pacific
I happen to know doctor that you have
been involved with some people who are
persons of interest in this matter I
believe you are acquainted with an opera
singer
Alexandria what is she to do with us as
I said she is a person of interest in
this matter all right fair enough but to
return to what I said in terms of there
being something that you could do about
this go on we are looking for operatives
undercover so you you would continue
your travels however you wish under
Condor undercover operatives
to find out the significance of what
these groups are doing and to combat it
in some ways I will tell you quite
candidly that even though I have talked
this up as a United States military
initiative we do not have the
understanding of the mainstream military
world and in fact most of the other
nations of the world do not that I have
tried to connect with do not take this
very seriously at all it sounds like a
fairy - a fairy tale I'm not sure I take
it seriously not only that I'm a
reporter how am I supposed to continue
to report under the guise that nothing's
happening I mean that's well I mean if
it's stuff like this we can't talk about
it anyways so yeah I mean but we've you
know I forgot the name of my newspaper
it would be so if we find some pot we
can't report it would actually channels
we report to it would also be very
convenient for us to have an opportunity
and a venue for you perhaps planting
stories that would allow us to set traps
for these groups is it for us I mean
saving the world
I mean risking our lives saving the
world but other than avoiding being put
in prison or something like that what
would we get why would we be putting I
mean that seems not insignificant you
would I could certainly see my way clear
to have making sure that you were
equipped and also compensated somewhat
there are a number of unassociated funds
with the United States military that I
have access to and I could I would be
your conduit and you would have venues
to communicate with me it would be very
important that you not share this word
around or that you not mention a great
deal about what is what you are doing
my concern based on some things I've
heard about your sea voyage it would be
very important that you not for instance
walk up to the US Embassy in Britain and
demand shotguns or cannons right but you
give us somebody that we can go get
shotguns did we do it wait who
shotguns are readily available in the
United Kingdom madam as I'm sure you are
aware but we couldn't ask anybody for
shotguns are you yeah you definitely
wanted firearms when you were I mean
I had a firearm and I didn't go get it
listen fireman gotten jumped you
couldn't get it you are as far as I'm
concerned free to go if you are
interested in the opportunity that I've
mentioned he'll slide the piece of paper
across a table I will be at this
restaurant tomorrow at 4:00 p.m. after
that I will be leaving to find your
friend and her campaign treats because
they have experienced similar
experiences and they seemed like they
would also be a willing accomplices in
this matter well based on some of the
work that I've done with Alexandria and
her friends you're probably right
very well well I hope that I will see
you all tomorrow and you are free to go
however you are also free to stay here
the suite is booked through tomorrow
sweet so yeah he is he has scheduled he
has a table for tomorrow at 4:00 at the
at the Fox in Falcon upscale pub grub
yep where they only serve dinner until
that is yeah that would be and it's
curry for some reason I don't know if
that's true in the 20s I don't know I
don't either so so let's now slide back
to a train like a wonderful little lip
cozy I don't know if I could write out
of character ones down but it's like a
wonderful lip cozy yes I'd be the best
to say no that would get us some clicks
it has to go somewhere
yes that's a wonderful look I do like
that that's cute Gordon Biersch has
never looked so man it's like a little
cozy who are the ad wizards that came up
with this one the viewer 22 alright so
we are out now a train we can't keep
doing time travel it is February 22nd
you are on a train that will very
quickly go onto a ferry and come across
to England
Rogers doesn't seem that interested in
small talk but if anybody wants to ask
him anything particularly no I my policy
yes you will note he is net he never
leave the egg you are all in a carriage
together and he like you know if if all
of the sudden all five of you got up he
would be like please don't do that yeah
so we leave by twos how we're supposed
to the bathroom yeah well probably
because I chatted with him before I'll
probably just ask me like you know what
sort of stuff you like tell me the
craziest well no I'm not gonna ask him
craziest the you know thing he's been on
all right so he'll tell you that he has
been for the last three years he has
been since since basically since his
time in the war ended he has been put in
various bureaus of military intelligence
that are the United States is world war
one was the the sort of the the final
word a great well a great war the Great
War was the the final sort of statement
of the United States finally ceasing to
be a isolationist government and
stepping out on the world stage and he
will tell you that he has been traveling
all over the world building military
intelligence presence across the world
particularly in regions that America has
not really connected with in the past in
Asia and in Africa
he'll ill he'll also talk with you some
about how difficult that is in a
colonial environment where many of these
countries have long-standing
relationships with other countries all
of them most of them allies but you know
the president has after the Great War
the president has made it abundantly
clear that the United States must be
prepared for any sort of conflict and we
it and you know I the Bureau that I'm
starting and that I have been building
is involved in that effort
okay that's heavy it is it is indeed
it's it's something I take very
seriously and it's something that it's
so you'll you'll you know unless there's
other small talk you'll get into London
and you will be put up in a hotel very
nice hotel oh my good here in the Graz
vinner it's a solid two and a half stars
[Music]
we're used to a certain allure well I
know that agent Rogers you do realize
that we're gonna go through at least two
hotels in the next two to three days so
you might as well just have plans for
maybe it's something a little bit nicer
that's terrifying
why why would you you've seen what
happens to us things come and find us
fire start fire sometimes get put out I
don't know what happens anymore we've
kept her away from those lamb balls in
the last couple of days I would like to
add can't can't make any promises who is
your friend I think I kind of watched
you up in there say I'm your friend so
tomorrow we're going to have a meeting
with the the Ministry of Justice and I
want you to I want to reiterate what I
said back in that hospital that I will
definitely put in a you know good words
for you I have fought alongside you and
I respect what you've done and I think
that I think that you share my desire to
not see unearthly things on earth
definitely absolutely sounds para earth
for surely perhaps talk to an attorney
before we talk the Ministry of Justice
I have some bad news sir I'm gonna need
you to come with me
what do you mean the English the the
Irish government has requested
extradition of you oh maybe I should
speak that lawyer right now then perhaps
I I do have an immigration attorney from
the United States Embassy of the United
States as well don't they want me as
well perhaps I'm sorry I'm sorry you
know perhaps an English immigration
attorney would be a little bit more
prudent well this man I trust and this
man I think can help you but if you'd
like the United the UK government has
some conflicts of interest given that
they're the ones who want to that's the
tribe you know you'll be facing tomorrow
oh bloody hell
consul yeah I want to take this one yeah
beggars can't be choosers yeah sounds
like a deal let's meet this fella have
the team right American so Donal is
taken away
I'll be back don't worry about we'll
take care of this I do worry I always
worry you hear in your head he will not
be back yeah I'm hearing it an Irishman
being taken by the Brits that's I've
been there before
that's not a good place to be yeah so
you are sorry we're writing Tom out of
the episode
[Laughter]
yeah Joseph's up he loves you guys yep
you know what we gave him a ride yes
have fun yeah you get nap Tim we help me
get away from the scary it was five yes
get away from the mr. house where he was
probably going to be the sacrifice so
elephant they sees it that way though
I'm sorry give him a ride away from the
scary people I think you and then you
gave him back to the scary PA he went
back to London because you guys were
scary too yeah yeah who is who is
scarier that's the question I wasn't
scared so is anybody gonna not go to the
meeting the next day I mean yeah Donnell
will not be the wait are we back in time
the food we're going to see him the
meetings we were you're not wearing a
mustache that's how you die I do want to
know if I got any communication back
from sure yeah she connects you with a
law firm mm-hmm and she tells you that
so
Alexandra reached out to her Anna fixer
what do you want to call her mentor from
mentor who is a a well-to-do member of
English society a little bit on the
nouveau riche side for some people but
you know and so yeah you you she is she
told you that she has this law firm on
retainer mhm
and anything you need okay she tells you
to the I so I always used the same law
but I can't use my high school friends
names because in the twenty it's like
it's just a huge joke he tells you are
ik dong is your attorney my best friend
in high school was named Hugh dong and
sure enough we had this since the 20s
yeah yeah we had the idiot gym teacher
now we know the material that lands with
Thomas it's a high high brow what was
the falafel or Schmidt Schmidt and dog
oh it's not dong dong and something know
it no no no see on the rule of threes
would be too much in that case God is
too many dongs no just be another
Schmidt right that was a good thing man
action going here Nora there you go so
uh I'll reach out to them to that law
firm then and drop Madam's name and say
you know you of course yeah I think
you've been expecting a call from me uh
y-yes ma'am how how can we be of
assistance
well I should probably figure that out
huh I mean I've got the tickets ready
from New York comes on it yeah a pretty
well-covered representation in order to
keep us on a jail basically okay so cuz
it's just an inquiry you can do it
didn't do we want them to come with us
yes they can advise you what to say and
not to say ma'am fair enough we are
going before an inquest with the
Ministry of Justice tomorrow and we
would like to have representation
tomorrow yes it was very sudden for us
too I see
and do you know do you know the nature
of this inquest what are they what are
the charges I mean there's no charges
it's just that they would like to know
that what are they're just more persons
of interest we are I'm going to hand you
to my associate Emma mr. dog yes yes
we're just being asked the whereabouts
of a certain mr. Gavigan and edward
Gavigan correct who is presumed dead
okay I didn't know that but that's okay
um yeah so they just want to know the
last time we saw him some general
information about that and it's always
best to have an attorney there just so
that we don't necessarily incriminate
ourselves or I use do any Ministry of
Justice this is your country man I don't
know I don't know
this operation works Jesus you wear wigs
he's a serf sir no not not him okay
never Gaven was a certain I got a second
what Hank what he's a member of you know
the upper crust and the ministry of
justice takes more notice things like
that but they wouldn't notice you know
yeah if we were missing okay it's not
just us but [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what's-her-name
what's wrong Yeah right yeah probably I
mean she's gone too but they don't give
a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no they were asked in about all
the question mr. dome oh well no what
was the nature of your relationship with
Sir Gavigan Sir Edward so in in general
in a brief set of terms we were
oh god my brain just went we are
following up some leads for the Carlisle
expedition and funding had come through
at least to get mr. Gavigan if I
remember correctly and independent
dancer and he found Angela and sir
Aubrey Penn Hugh was part of that
expedition so we were then going to make
some inquiries for them from the penny
foundation ie mr. Gavin to find out
where and what happened to the actual
expedition itself and what information
he had so it was just more of an
investigatory or exploratory you know
meeting any will and then we found out
that that he has files on us yeah that
was the other weird thing he's creepy
sir Edwin yes he has files on us and he
also knows Aleister Crowley I'm not
aware of who that is yeah he's just
there there's some odd there too odd
Birds if you will I see I see
and and again you're not you're not
aware of what the nature of this inquest
pertains to well I'm assuming it's his
disappearance and now from what you're
saying presume death of Edward Campion
and why are you persons of interest in
this matter I mean we were well that
seems fine then I'll just write that
down
I mean we went to his office asked him
some questions he collected files on us
what the weird part is it was the nature
of these files well I don't know because
the police won't tell us and obviously
mr. gambian wasn't like hey I'm gonna
write this in your personal file that
I'm taking on you you know unless she
was me
well he was weird yeah he was weird um
you know so that's what the police had
told us or that's what mr. Rogers had
told us is that every damn again has
files on us which I find also strange
and I told Gavigan you were going to
kill him I'm sorry what was the question
again
mr. dog I the nature of why this inquest
why your persons of interest in the
disappearance of sir Ed Wood yep so then
we were given a lead to go to his
country home of which you went to his
country home it was beautiful it was a
beautiful were you invited ate no we
wanted to go and just see if there was
any information there that we could
gather in the town or from I see yep so
we went walked around a little bit
lovely village had some great food saw
the house nothing happening went back to
London let's unpack that saw that we
weren't gonna lie about that cuz we
weren't there I'm sorry what weren't you
going to lie about the phone back at
this point turn I feel obliged to tell
you that I am I have been retained as
your attorney and thus anything you tell
me is covered by a turn even in the UK
is covered by attorney-client privilege
however the rules in that are not quite
as stringent as they are in America and
so you should be aware that if I am
informed of matters that do directly
pertain to a crime in an inquest by the
Ministry of Justice I will be required
to to tell the truth
I understand that so pardon me one
second I'm just gonna pop right in here
and say that nobody here with the
possible exception of Tom knows anything
about the law and so and so and
certainly not about UK law so no nobody
home the player we are creating a a
construct here that is a better dramatic
story so I'm very politely saying don't
have me yeah there you snow but we are
going to get this wrong and we need to
be okay with that
cheerfully exuberantly and repeatedly
we're going to get it wrong I'll try my
mouth shut everyone in the chat to tell
us we need you guys did we sign the
Magna Carta and so I really would I
request mm-hmm that I not hear any more
sentences like we weren't supposed to
lie about that that's perfectly fair um
I would like that's the party I've never
met that's the party's anger but it's
like when your mom's like what did you
do and you're like what do you think I
did tell me what you think I didn't I'll
tell you the rest
so the headdress again says I told
Gavigan why did you do that it's what I
do
yeah but also did you like I never mind
you know what we'll talk about it later
I'm gonna go a few minute corner
all right I do need to consult a little
bit more of my associates but I wanted
to ensure that we had someone on on
retainer who understands that things are
happening rather quickly so I need to
talk to my associates and then ring back
i I do want to impress upon you a sense
of urgency that perhaps Oh believe me
understand this is the Ministry of
Justice does not normally conduct these
sorts of inquiries it's normally at the
local level yes I understand that I
suspect it has something to do with it
being a sir I'm really not a man given
to sarcasm so I'll just say yes well you
yes I will ring you back in a half hour
or something we've had a chance to talk
I see he'll give you yeah he'll give you
his direct thank you so much Klondike
four six five something like that hang
up you were looking like the headdress
was saying something what's going on the
headdress told Gavigan that we were
gonna kill him and that's probably why
Gavigan has the files on us I mean to be
fair he was right oh I'm always right I
was going to say excuse me mr. hedgerows
advise do you think with it we were
actually gonna kill him or do you think
there were you just being I knew you
were gonna kill him really you're that
much confidence in you I can see the
future
what no sorry really oh no am I gonna in
the world again accidentally orange
intentionally accidentally have I also
not made it clear that I only reveal the
future at inappropriate moments you've
made that abundantly clear that you're
inappropriate talking is all the time
and so when I told Gavigan that you were
going to kill him
yeah I created a self-perpetuating
prophecy yes yes my brain just blew up
with that What did he say
so he told again I don't even know
exactly how this works cuz my brain
can't wrap all the way around it but
like he told Gavin that we were going to
kill him so therefore Gavigan was
preparing to take steps to defend
himself slash kill us which means that
we have to go back after he that he
probably somehow then threatened other
people too then send us out where we
were given the ultimate de facto that we
had to kill it was him or us we we we
got put into a situation because of that
I said we're gonna because it's entirely
possible that we would have entirely
missed him yeah
if not for Gaffigan starting to poke at
us yes highly possible Oh Lord you
really should have started that fire
jumped in all right so the inquest is
tomorrow we do not have a lot of time
and we have an attorney air something
nothing it's always mix the truth into
the lie gaving it did meet with us and
made it clear that he was going to
follow up with us at some point so we
can technically truthfully say that he
did plan a future meeting with us and we
wanted just to precipitate it by knowing
who could even say that he planned the
future meeting with us at the mr. house
yeah I mean it wasn't the intent to kill
us but that's a meeting yeah so he
agenda stocks but we can absolutely the
Icebreaker well or we could just lie and
say that you know he wanted us to who
want us to meet out there but like I
thought the alive was we're gonna say
like yeah we went out there he wasn't
there we ran out of time where we left
and and we can only go well the first
time he was because you broke onto the
property we didn't break into the
property we could have walked through
the front door if we felt like it but we
decided to go around the but we did
anyhow it's a little better for life
yeah we were gonna meet him he didn't
show up
Oh Sahara apparently wanted to kill him
and then she came after us and burnt
down our ship hey maybe you should be
looking into her and her cult
I think the simpler that we keep it the
better no agent Rogers indicated that he
knows about supernatural otherworldly
extra-dimensional whatever word you want
to use things because he's want he
believes that we agree with his purpose
to keep them out but the mystery justice
ministries where this is where the
problem is going to yeah
he's gonna put in a good word for us
mm-hmm that mount will probably help a
lot because he is a US copper now we
just need a lawyer to keep us from
saying dumb things don't lie don't
cooperate just don't talk possible yes
I'm saying nothing see look here's the
kind of you're getting useful legal
advice on this show Danny don't say any
bombs hourly rate is Vince he didn't say
it was a good attorney but it's no fun
but it is probably so then do it for the
Ministry of Justice who is we know it's
up in front of them and I don't like any
of that so we have that person up in
front for us right yes see or don't
problem
I don't know how's that work I mean in
the u.s. you still if they ask you to
answer questions you have to either
answer the question or not say anything
and we've v yeah well we don't have v
here o or the first or the second of the
third don't have a constitute there we
don't have a thing like the Constitution
not really no the US Constitution is
based on English Bill of Rights mr.
román got it from England what happens
if I say I don't I think you mean the
Magna Carta
it was like 16 14 or 14 600 or 15 some
things now look like with some majors
closest without going over I don't know
all I know is Ross Perot owned it okay
let's just wing it we have somebody who
can be in front of us that's all we need
right no nothing I don't recollect that
okay now the Schultz defense I know
nothing we said we had the initial
meeting at the venue foundation we went
and did a ritual at Stonehenge
you're not safe
[Laughter]
our alibi is many words the secure can
say that you went there already
yes stage need to be stupid American
tourists which is fine bring out the
backup characters thats cultural
appropriation ok there are depths of my
heart I know no it's just no one
appreciates I know we don't give it away
it's just for once that would be nice
too okay no more ten that your stupid
American tourist who went just don't
hinge at about that time without a
single in mistletoe are you really a
silver circle yeah did he mention he was
missing these I'm not going to jail
because you guys train tickets we have
the train tickets to and from yes
Stonehenge for our sightseeing so anyhow
yes
buy my CDs my photos filing is like
knowing things and keeping keeping notes
on everything perfect I prove I approve
so yeah my stories we went to the pin
you foundation that was boring in
sightseeing mm-hmm well he was over less
boring
he showed us around the top floor it was
incredibly boring it was my eyes you
know and then we showed up with the rest
of the group and were like why are we
still waiting for him let's go good
that's our story got it all right yep so
what were we doing well we were back in
England
fine on our I don't recollect I do not
recall it this time senator I'm not that
smart it works you were drinking with
Seamus he'll vouch for you he's dead I
taking a drive in the country it was in
a car that nice old lady
yeah was the cat never happened to that
never mind never mind
mm-hmm but you guys were smart you
didn't rent that car out in your names
cuz I rent out cars in my name right so
great
the inquest is almost certainly because
ever Gavigan is dead or missing presumed
innocent missing presumed dead yeah and
we are persons of interest because he
had files on us he had vials of blood so
what about this what happens if we just
go and that's the last time we saw him
end of discussion
everything else after that has nothing
to do with anything everything else
after that there's no witnesses but not
my problem I've ways we did dumb things
he did whatever he did well then how did
how do we explain the mr. house because
people didn't see us in that village
yeah and we went there so what hmm
listen to me so much yes so we went to
his house so what I didn't see him did
you know when the last time I saw him
was do you want to not show your
interaction with Oh what is her name
like I can sometimes remember yeah no
Sahara because asks well you can say
like yeah she wanted us to kill him nope
nope nope
[Laughter]
she would have killed him well then
don't say that all right I'm just full
of great ideas word great ideas I think
genuine I think this is the last time I
saw him was at that first meeting
we're at the Pentium Foundation that's
last time I saw him thanks bye
I mean that's not the worst thing that
we could say I guess we went we went out
to the mr. house to meet with him he
wasn't there we left yeah we never saw
him maybe they considered running and
I'm thinking about the options of where
the windows are in that building so that
when we get there do I just why would
you not run now now is the time to
escape there not ditch the American we
can go to like Kenya or you've got leads
in China yeah this is true we did just
find you there I just I think we have a
chance of getting out of this I think we
do you do blow it bits we do thank you
we appreciate you
we started with one no we're new bern it
off every last one with stupid rules
I don't know what bits are good neither
do I I think we have a chance if we
don't say anything we just feel like
that's the last time I saw him good luck
good luck on your investigation bye I
got business do you want me to tell you
what happens yeah tell me what a police
you never talked to the Ministry of
Justice oh god do I open the box again
what is it singing it's telling me I
never talked to the Ministry of Justice
do you mean I don't speak mm I never you
never talk to the Ministry of Justice as
I never talk to the Ministry of Justice
that may mean that they will kill us
before we get there that could also mean
that well they're not really the
Ministry of Justice I am what if it's
not this is your chance to change
everything by smashing the box again I
was not
I'm taking the rest this drastic gee I
don't everyone else in the class that's
my yeah and I'd like to not see anyway
but my headdress tells me that I don't
talk to the Ministry of Justice that
just means maybe I just don't talk which
was the best legal advice I've heard
okay there's that but also consider what
we have already dealt with in some of
the high places
you're right we're either going to jail
or we're getting off scot-free whether
air B or we're done or we are being you
know caught on the way there by unsavory
forces or there's options even for LS
yours ever making it better for all
these things I don't have a stone not be
here
mm-hmm yeah we could end the headdress
was saying you should run with a stone
so we got to we got to be a big ones
ordered we still ready other still
occupies yeah there's another there's
another stone ready to what I just did a
stone we're talking about running no
you're talking about horrible things
attacking us like CD either otherworldly
things or because it's caused and the
higher ranks of power or II just great
conspiracy just leave it we're also like
Donald Donald to here right right let's
taking away yes we're just gonna
hightail it out of town and he's just
gonna be in jail forever we're not gonna
jailbreak him there's not a whole lot
that we can do about an irishman being
taken by the English and being sent back
to Ireland there's it's kind of a thing
let's go pick him up in Ireland actually
he's probably just going to jail he's
probably just going to a clink yeah the
Irish government has opinions on him
none of them are very nice yeah I like
Ireland LaRhonda run none or testify no
I think I think we're I have a percent
of confidence one percent I mean that
10% we got bits we'll get through this
[Laughter]
it's on you her face we need these
people not to be following us all over
the Pew agree the fact that I'm tired of
blowing through towns not actually major
one I can and who wants to lose London I
capital of the world
I'd rather - I'd rather trade New York
for London but timelines you can get
back so American yeah I mean maybe if we
work with the OSI agent maybe we can get
both of them yeah that's the best-case
scenario and just they're backing us up
think
professors taking a stand I don't want
to stay I don't think our chances are
great but then we've the hunters across
the world I haven't killed anyone they
can produce our friend agent Rogers who
says that we could help right no he said
we're not some junior white so we've got
to do this and that way we can because
we've got to still get rid of the stupid
cult he knows about it oh god I killed
someone
[Laughter]
no cuz I do like coldest aren't people
coke this part yeah yeah
no grease oh I keep freaky I can't great
maybe what's pushing it out and then it
keeps coming back
who did you supposedly kill her yeah she
was apprenticed yes molten gloves just a
leader of the cultists so I yeah really
did but she stopped it's very human
wouldn't hold on she was using lava
blood and really I think I again
I feel like we're switching characters
right now but let me play the Silvano -
you're Emma oh no just say that really
you should be filing something really if
you think about it I know you're feeling
guilty about killing her but she was
using hot lava blood and the hot lava
stars is a whole boat on fire so really
she killed herself well I mean didn't it
and everybody else on the boat but then
there was the bullet fired from the gun
that I was holding it has mm-hmm
take care of that gun what she was using
lava blood which began bring that back -
is she really oh yeah there's really a
person I don't know she was a person and
again the fires all her fault but she
wasn't like a thing when like the other
thing was a thing yeah all right that
was the other thing friends so staying
or going let's just saw her out okay I
think we stay because otherwise we're
gonna keep getting chased and we're stay
yes day all right that's all right
we're Stan I hate this thing I hate
everything though this is this is this
is oh this is it what exactly do we tell
the lawyer and what do exactly do we say
in front of the Ministry of Justice
I don't point it out old people with
white wigs I'm right here I need a
Rumpole of the Bailey wig there you go
when you stick enough our buddy Seth in
GC and four five seven thinks you're
gonna need a thousand bits to get out of
this you're probably this keep us out of
jail out of the clink all right if they
do it it's because of Seth all right
let's do this
all right what we're looking another way
it sets fault yeah that's me that's the
case maybe so what do we tell the don't
tell the lawyer exactly I don't care I'm
saying nothing he's gonna want to know
what exactly we want we're saying and
keep keep keep in mind I see baby as he
pointed out to me attorney-client
privilege isn't quite a sight well he
already it was the story about how we
went
gotten see and went see him right mm-hm
and then what we say is we were gonna
see him at the house he wasn't there and
we were at Stonehenge Stonehenge
yeah which likes to be or at Stonehenge
we took a train then we took a boat they
were being American tourists all right
so I'm going to ring him then a boat and
the note I'm gonna run about and tell
him exactly what we're planning to say
yep and a dinghy mixed in between why
are you bringing up Stonehenge was the
attorney okay I jumped in meteor ready
because you you've told him all that
stuff okay I don't need to revisit just
what we were doing that's what we're
doing just follow if anyone asks about
what we were doing that's what we were
doing they were being American tourists
well this is quite a story tell us about
it and I've done some checking and it
appears that the ministry has several
witnesses okay do you know who the
witnesses are no they will be made they
will they will be part of the inquest
tomorrow and I'm also given to
understand that this inquest is it's
it's it's quite I mean this is
extraordinary I mean the the Ministry of
Justice normally as I said this would be
handled by the by the committee by the
local committees and they are invoking a
number of governmental discretionary
measures to make sure that there's no
record of this meeting no record no
public record
I'm like cover the mouthpiece of the
phone and tell them that like you're
right we're gonna get we're gonna be
killed
forever I think you might be right about
basement Jail I want to go to
white-collar crime jail Oh course have
you ever seen anything like that where
they are I have not been involved in an
inquest like this I'll say as your
attorney I have some concerns about the
legality of much of what they're doing
but I also have no real concept of my
options for disputing that legality not
when there's multiple government agents
involved that is my concern yes and
after after the war and well during the
war there was some rather draconian laws
passed in in terms of sedition and that
sort of thing and most of them have been
taken off the books but they seem to be
invoking things around that which
concerned me sedition what does that
mean that's a good question what does
that word mean actually I'm clear on
definition so sedition is like it's not
treason but it's you know you have you
have you you've been actively working
against the country or taking actions
that would that could materially impact
the government of the country okay it's
the kind of thing that isn't illegal
really anymore but during war people
make it illegal it's it's like you know
during let's see how can I do this
without getting political like in world
war two there were a number of laws
passed that were not that were baldly
unconstitutional but because we were at
war people are like ok yeah let's put
Japanese people in internment camps I
was waiting for that one you know that
sort of thing or you know Abraham
Lincoln's suspending habeas corpus
that's right there's there's a number of
instances of that I'm sure I pronounced
that wrong
I say look mr. lawyer Thomas poker face
is anybody gonna go meet Rogers I don't
know that was the backup character it's
a pack of character II don't know
Rogers invited you guys to dinner that
was the back of characters here my
backup character definitely shows up
that was the Fox in oh right no no no it
was you guys he brought you to the room
and he said you know then it was you
were in the hotel room after the train
ride and he said that he had up table at
the at 4:00 p.m. I guarantee you it was
but but I'm more than happy to get with
both my backup character yeah you're not
going your backup characters are not
there no I'm just saying there was
another okay I have it written down as
I'm Cox in the Falcon on I nearly go
back I haven't written down as a fox in
the Falcon on the 15th and then to
reline set back - no no there are I will
these are the challenges for telling
time travel stories let's go let's go to
meet with with agent Rogers maybe he can
give us some advice yeah all right like
what happens if I don't show up but
let's not ask that okay
sitting with agent Rogers looking very
uncomfortable is a familiar face you
said okay I was like which one it's
aperture and I'm glad you all came I
want to introduce you to and he will
introduce introduce Yousef but I'm
gathering you already know this
gentleman madam we've not wait for an
awesome I don't like times can I get the
menu please so what why why are they
meeting at Mir why are we meeting it as
I told you as we were try
here you are a witness in the inquest
tomorrow yes okay and the Ministry of
Justice is has already asked you
questions about your interactions with
them near sir Sir Edwards country home
right and they believe that your answers
are a pinning all many of you at the at
the estate and which did show signs of
Breaking and Entering before it burnt to
the ground
two of these guys at the on the way I
didn't go to the estate and then he get
this state either I had told him that I
didn't go to the estate that's right so
I didn't see them in the state that's
right you you you only saw them in this
in this in the town the estate is
closest to however it got bourbon right
yeah yes yes however I have brought you
all here because I want it I want to I
want to make you an offer
no God but I want you to know that this
offer that this offer mmm
could be as much trouble as it is
help and I want to I want to say that up
front we talked on the train about some
of the awful things that you have
experienced and that I have experienced
I work for a government agency United
States government agency our mission is
to see to it that those horrible things
do not impact the United States of
America and of course the world but
first and foremost the US of A
America first in the world Baxter gym
if we save America we saved the world oh
I get it now yeah Americans we're gonna
save this world whether you like it or
not
so what is this offer then my bureau of
the OSI we are code naming at Delta
Green Delta Green currently consists of
myself and four other individuals none
of none of the other for our military
personnel none of the other employees
that of this organization will be
military personnel I want you understand
this is deep undercover work
if you are part of Delta Green no one in
the United States government will know
what that is and I will not admit to any
knowledge of it I will be your conduit I
will be your connection I will see that
you have access to resources as
appropriate and I will see that you are
given any intelligence we can come up
with and so he will when he says that he
will slide he will open a folder on
there and he says its first in there is
a number of communications between
groups here including with a Miss
acquainted with Oh Sir Edward Gavigan
mm-hmm right
crap let me get thick let me get the
Cairo names right now we get I you know
the problem with running an actual
intricate thing like this is my my
and operatives that are not named in
Shanghai China I also have here and he
will slide over a picture
it's a photo this is a picture of once
again let's get the name right this is a
picture of John I think you might know
him better as Jack Brady in Shanghai
China taken a week ago I've seen him
before he was a member of the cut you
have he was a member of the Carlisle
excuse an American I've seen him before
yes you saw so you saw him at the heat
they came to the Carlisle expedition he
was very much like the thugs that you
have become so accustomed with the brash
cowboy but he was the one thing that you
do remember about him is that he was
almost paranoid ly protective of Roger
Carlisle mmm-hmm and I believe you are
acquainted with mr. Brady as well or at
least know of him
correct and he's you said that this was
a week ago so you have reasonable if
he's still alive that is correct
when it was believed that all of the car
lot looks but
she was dead that is correct has he
given you any information as to what
transpired between Africa and Shanghai
we I do not have any operatives in
Shanghai so I have not been able to
contact mr. Brady and I don't think it's
wise to have I don't have the pull with
the officials in Shanghai to have him
arrested there's somewhat insular over
there yes yes
there is one other so these telegrams
principally are focused around some sort
of ritual on look at the wrong date on
January 14th 1926 what happens then the
only the there have been oblique
references to the blotting of the Sun
which cannot be I mean there is a soda
love total solar eclipse across the
South Pacific on that day totality is
supposed to be reached across the South
Pacific it will it will be visible
across most of the world in some
percentage well and for these sorts of
people major celestial events like that
are key from especially with eclipses
and darkness yeah well yeah well we've
experienced is that or what we've been
told is that that's when magic is more
powerful I see that leads me to my next
question I understand that you know
something about these and he drops a
rock on the table thought familiar with
make meat a cult role take a look at
Nick what is this spot hidden role no I
feel all right
it looks like some sort of protection
thing oh I gotta check it out yeah and
hard success hard success this is not
one of the ones you had made
but more interesting how would I be able
to did I did I have a sense when I had
mine that it was active would I be able
to tell if that's one was a maybe maybe
it's not glowing is it it's not glowing
I mean y'all just asked is it active is
it what does that mean has it been as is
this thing dangerous
no no carrying this around quite no
quite the opposite if the ritual has
been completed it will it will protect
you from other worldly things not
bullets
where did you get this I'm getting very
used to that expression lady just faces
where did you get this this was found in
Derbyshire Shire Derbyshire is a small
sightings of the wolf creature oh if you
removed that then you could have well
I question is where was it found my
moustache buff on your face if I how did
you acquire this was it taken from
something or someone was it removed from
the location that was looked like it was
sealing something horrible and evil
because if so you should probably go
back i I don't know i intercepted this
this was okay so it wasn't put someplace
he intercepted this was brought in as
evidence from those attacks that have
happened in Eid ale lesser Edale and
the this was found near I can't fight
anymore I feel like I'm reaching I'm
yeah yeah make a power roll oh no you
don't have to worry about that I'm not
making this do that anymore
nope but no it doesn't hurt it doesn't
feel like you're mm-hmm no doesn't
doesn't it does it does it look like the
same design
oh yeah 100% okay I know that feeling in
here do you feel are you carrying the
staves I wouldn't take them out - all
right let's make a power rule or to
court no Americans touching the rock I
want to touch it - this is amazing
make me a power roll another skill I did
not make mine self alright success
alright hard success so when you touch
that thing there is like a it's
vibrating there's like a can we notice
yeah he really reacts yeah hmm it's
attuned to you you think so
that's what it looked like wow I'm not
an expert but absolutely nope no thanks
I don't get that thing yeah or me no no
he can it can it can protect you of
course I guess it's a protection rich
reward of some sort yes yes maybe maybe
the I'd like you all to stop that right
now I'm sorry I'm sorry major Rogers why
are you saying you found it where we
found it at Castle plum which is the
home of Lord Arthur vane he is he's a
member of the English peerage and this
item
this item was flagged by people who have
dealt with these communications between
these various I'm just gonna use your
word cults it's easy enough
easier than probably correct - and these
that image or something like it has been
manifested in those communications I
think this is something worth
investigating
yes oh so we're gonna castle plumb not
yeah here's what I was once you gotta
meet I need each of you to agree to
become part of Delta Green will you get
us out of trouble with the three wigs
and whatnot for tomorrow yes yeah yeah
oh I'm ugly trouble right know that I
just I just sold we we've been doing
this with without being connected to the
government having having the backing of
any support you know we've been we've
been looking for artifacts we've been
looking for artifacts tell you later
dude yeah following up on the death of
the Carlisle yeah don't think you can
get support it's not like you're gonna
keep us out of jail going forward is it
I'm not going to jail I didn't do
anything
you know you didn't to be clear tomorrow
is going mm-hmm my actions to make sure
that you can do this investigation are
going to cost me dearly and they're
gonna cost the United States government
dearly other governments don't like it
when we interfere when we call in our
trump cards but that's what I'm gonna do
and I'm only gonna do it if I feel like
I can trust you and I do after what
we've been through you guys should take
I brought you here because none of these
idiots
know anything about any of this and you
have a connection to strawberry pen Hugh
right who in my opinion if Brady's still
alive Pena's still alive you think he's
still alive yes if he's still alive then
guess I'm nothing I'm right but are we
going to Shanghai no waiting for us
everywhere and I rubia think in Kenya
okay not everywhere they also set Brady
died in Kenya we never saw his body or
any of his belongings no visible long as
you returned what about you know a
girlfriend can use girlfriend right it
wasn't penny oh you haven't no further
it was Carlisle who who was connected to
Bonet that's it okay yeah thank that
woman ever this gentleman as I should
become clear now has connections to the
pen Hughes and also you know a fair bit
about the Arab world which will be very
useful in travels yeah you speak several
languages yes that's true too my you're
punishing him by saying yeah that's
great we learned some more Arabic I
don't think it might have to be a
punishment but it didn't do anything
no no but you will that's the cool thing
you're gonna do stuff now so excitement
this is he's being condemned at one
point I hadn't done anything
just empathize oh this is looking for
these in your not getting out it's just
like it everything was against me stop
talking now yes putting in another Brit
what are you drinking you didn't talk
about that no that one Bertha bourbon
keep it zipped have someone team you
give it yes you can have some more tea
get the kids some more tea oh gods
you're ruining our meal ticket all right
say if I say no then what happens we go
to jail no you go to lesser Edale you go
to an inquiry of the Ministry of Justice
and the Ministry of Justice will
probably look for a scapegoat in that
regard I think I'd rather go with you
guys yeah I've already talked to those
guys and then are very friendly no
people people who wear wigs generally
aren't I don't know why they wear those
in tradition it's such an odd tradition
don't you think great I mean at the time
when you had lice in your hair and your
hair's falling out and it makes sense
but right now in modern day I just don't
understand why you want to look like
that it kind of implies something odd
about your lifestyle choices and is this
really the discussion that needs to be
happening right over dinner talking
about world destruction and yeah it's
look go to lesser Edale find out if
there's find out what connection that
stone has to these cults find out if
there's any connection with the cults
there report back to me
a void please any entanglements with the
government of Britain then why are you
staying
I can only my but I can only invoke so
many favors articles hmm may want to
wait until after we're done and then
just blank it Oh
blanket Omega our European escapades a
blank you know at least English video it
is a it's a weighted blanket there you
go so is so Arthur vain
we can go and speak with him of course
yeah he is he's a member of the peerage
there I I don't know if it's connected
with the the murders that were happening
there the with the the attacks and that
was a beast attack correct yes
oh that beast was probably sealed with
that sign yeah well we maybe we could
use the sign to put the beast away yeah
if we miss a beast
somewhere direct where it was I don't
know we have to learn more and get very
lucky we're good anymore we're good at
you get lucky
nope not so much we're gonna do well
having having someone who knows about
the the Arabic side of things would be
very useful know they'll be help they'll
be cool we can talk we are going to list
video so I know lots about the opinions
of Amy pooja do not necessarily reflect
the opinions of a lesser Edale it's no
lower scum screw so I think we're gonna
take a break right now but before we do
I want to I want to give you a preview
of coming attractions because next week
I will be sitting on a beach in Hawaii
they will be sitting in those chairs
playing D&amp;D because you win because next
week the Great Dane society becomes the
greater abyssal Dane Society and there
is a 5 e D&amp;D game where they will be
playing their greater Dane Society
characters as D&amp;D characters and
a madman I can't stress enough a madman
spike is a GM there is there are message
threads that I actually I have not
because I'm a kind person not responded
don't you people have jobs there there
are message threads about for story
about what's going on in and it's it's
gonna there are gonna be connections to
everything that's happening here that no
one will get because only spike and I
understand really what's going on but
this is the same GM who in one of my
home games that his hand on fire to
illustrate a point
so that point was that fire first I'm
gonna let you use this to put it back
out before he got burned but it's it's
it's gonna be as much fun as one can
have playing D&amp;D is my is my guess
you're probably stuck on a beach maybe
they'll have drinks with umbrellas at
him - I don't know we do that I don't be
a root beer but you know so we will be
back as soon as six people can use one
[Music]
hey guys here's the great news that
giveaway for these dice these gorgeous
dice was won by Chowk Isel Joe gizzle
for Rizal choke is all well done well
done my dizzle my dizzy thank you and
congratulations
what will definitely disinfect these
before we send them to you just cops on
them we're gonna disinfect it we promise
well thank you guys for getting back to
me because now we have Ted the
accounting thank you thank you so much
yeah I am going to take this for me
yes 500 inspiration not for Ted Oh for
the DM so they walk out over to where
they had just crushed the skulls of two
works bring them like put them on the
fire and go cook all they say oh yeah
they said cook that's not quite how that
works I never cooked it all on draw
stay yes don't ever say llama seed of my
heart I'm gonna go and see if I can help
them just be like I'm gonna watch your
family's time you're watching it very
very closely okay I'm here to help I'm
[Music]
you
[Laughter]
he got so sick romance you should see me
play piano my fingers four years those
of you on the podcast go to the YouTube
channel
[Music]
222 into this stream Wow like a screen
oh and the force or something stop it's
worse than your fingers meant ma'am
ma'am come from put the put the hanky
down we need a medic we need we need to
get him to a hospital call an ambulance
yes all right she goes and she like
picks up old school and she's like she's
like specially fitting the phones hello
operator
oh hello Alma I know it's Bertha miles
is fine but some nice young man has been
standing here seems to fallen into a bad
my meeting bad send an ambulance
Oh
I feel terrible send an ambulance
don't be good so full send an ambulance
please
give me the phone I just snatch it Oh
Bertha we need an ambulance so you know
where to go
I'm sorry what's your name oma Elbe know
about that we didn't ambulance you know
where to go
[Music]
[Laughter]
and you guys have seen this as he
continues to laugh as this is going on
to the point where the lightning hits
and just severs our fries the vocal
cords at that time and he's just kind of
beat and then the blood starts to steam
and it starts to boil as this lightning
is going through and it smells worse
head is gone take that game of viscera
of us write a song with me sure we'll
come back when this is settled yes I
really don't want them to burn down but
and welcome back to natural one that was
epic oh my god that was happy I'm so
happy that came down to the last round
the very last round the wire the wire is
at five and do you know who you have to
thank for winning these guys those guys
send orde games hey Thank You Nord games
yeah oh my god because this is the car
that allowed you to hit that last one
that's true
Wow I'm gonna remember that guy I don't
even need any other cards honestly as
shut the door behind him
excellent and what's your name sir I'm
just gonna keep yeah your actual
superpower yes name two alpha lore Wow
whereabouts is that from I don't know
it's kind of around this area right we
were all so impressed
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
welcome back everybody
it's so good to see the call an
ambulance scene again that I actually
went in and watched that again cuz I
cackle every time I was not gonna get
better never gonna get better than that
so I wanted to Tiana has the article
that sort of Genesis this and so I was
gonna have her give it a read again
alright
police baffled by monstrous murders
killer be shot but still alive Dermott
Valley residents shocked last month by
two murders and a serious assault on a
third victim are still without a
satisfactory explanation or perpetrator
of the dreadful attacks at that time
lesser Edale farmer George Osgood and
resident Lydia Perkins were torn to
shreds in apparently unrelated murders
on consecutive nights on the third night
wheelwright Harold Short was nearly
killed
but Menge to drive off his attacker
which he described as a quote grisly
creature according to the lesser Edale
Constabulary Constabulary thank you
a rabid dog a rabid dog was shot and
killed in the night of mr. shorts attack
the police believe the matter to be
closed nevertheless local residents have
subsequently claimed to have heard seen
and heard a strange beast lurking about
the area reportedly the good folk of
lesser Edale still endure sleepless
nights due to the bizarre wailings of
the beast on nights of the full moon
readers of the scoop are reminded of
their esteemed journals long-standing
danger protocols and are advised the
picturesque clouds of the Derbyshire
Peak resident district have been
declared to be a zone of high danger
residents of the Midlands are advised to
remain indoors at night and to report
all mysterious happenings to the police
and to the scoop I really need to be
lashline the mustache it's all there I
can have a good idea I should have sent
the backup characters yeah that num to
die to this alright so you you know
Rogers tells you guys to leave and he'll
deal with the tribunal he'd prefer you
weren't even there I agree I agree okay
he does say just in case you know tell
it send him a telegram when you get
there so that he knows where to respond
to so that if you are now fugitives from
justice I can let you know oh boy what I
mean there is a chance confidence
inspire all chance but there is a chance
blanket Omega meant like there's their
clean all past crime so that there is no
chakra I don't think it Omega is not a
thing
Omega Lincoln Omega protocol there's no
this like and please we made these don't
say those words they have a very
specific meaning at higher levels of
government and the more they are used
the less the less effective they are
that's very words it power yeah yeah
yeah essentially yes right so this is
just a sound important
it's evening now do we leave tonight or
do we leave tomorrow morning
let me get a train what's the phase
of the moon is really the question it
checks the new moons on you moon right
now let's see right now yeah I thought
the Beast attacked on a full moon
exactly yeah it's a great time to
investigate it there's no monster
mondays to hang out no we don't we have
like two to two weeks yeah she's right
yeah that is how the men work fortnight
hmm hey man you can just spend until
January 1926 here at feelin's
[Music]
nothing else everything will catch up
come on I've got a couple belongings I'd
like to bring with me do I have a chance
to go do that
sure yes of course very well you should
probably leave in the morning all right
but do not please do not go to the
tribunal because if things go
pear-shaped I would rather that you
weren't there I agreed retain a
lawyer should I call him and tell him
that we're not going to be there just
let him show up tomorrow I would call
him and let him know it would be unfair
it would and I would prefer to not
stretch goodwill more than I have I
think that's wise yeah all right
so like I said get send me a telegram
when you have reached lessor Edale so
that I know where to contact you
imperfect certainly all right thank you
all and you can all you know you know
how to reach me by telegram I have I
have orders given that I am to be
informed as soon as I receive a telegram
no matter when I receive it I will try
is anybody doing anything tonight I'm
I'm gonna call the lawyer and joram yes
he's very happy not to go I'm sure he is
can I call Mahoney and find out what are
their information he has first businnes
what's in the article sure yeah it's a
good idea he'll he'll tell you that you
know he didn't he wrote that story
without talking to anybody in the iron
village in the bullpen yeah
those were quotes that were given to the
times that he just repurposed but you
know if you find something cool let him
know yeah
he'll pay you for it okay and I'm gonna
try to talk to this Dave's she gets to
talk to the herb I think you say we get
to talk he did interrupt me when it has
flavor for me
and then when it's not feeling spicy or
I need it it
shuts up she's right you know about the
staves are about the fact that you don't
you just talk when you feel like it and
then just know that's what you said she
said you get to talk to me she's right
yeah I get to talk to you by the way
well they can talk to you can't they I
told you the future you did not
specifically I was pretty specific you
weren't gonna talk to the inquest oh are
you talking to the inquest no but I also
wasn't gonna talk to the inquest either
human grammar is still you know when I
said you I mean the collective you it's
the Imperial you not the individual you
are we getting back into this again oh
gods you know obviously we can only hear
half is aright there's actually a
sense of a communal you that is a really
you think about it you'd think about
Heiser what does it get phizzer
the kisses are are a race of beings that
exist really only in well not in a
physical sense there are essentially
brains so are they here are they in
liquid jars no no no that's not no
that's not what they do first of all
they're not glass jars they're metal
okay and they're transportation devices
that the youth used to bring people to
yoga Wow there are so many words I don't
even understand so the brains trance
would you like to go to yoga --the is it
cool oh do they have drinks with
cocktails you know what maybe we'll go
there a fight and she's if i end up
going to jail maybe I should take a
the brains are gonna do this we're gonna
get cocktails in prison where am I well
you I asked if you wanted to go to yell
off how do you get there again so it's
Anna membrane is removed from your body
I don't want my brain to be I mean it's
kind of useless a little bit most of the
time your words my body that's okay what
about the space meet is there any other
way I can get places without space made
could be used to get to yoga okay
it would require with space made you
need to enslave some sort of
Transportation what does that mean
I can't not listen you my having you in
your primitive primate brain know that
you can't take a horse to yoga
okay so we're going into outer space is
what you're telling me that's correct
you've got it okay well let's just
finish up here maybe outer space will be
like I don't know retirement plan or
would you like me to make another
prediction of your future dumb things
will happen
you're gonna die yeah I mean it's
inevitable do you know when yes will you
tell me what no ah so goddamn useless
it's gonna be painful no do I die when
I'm old in my sleep
no do I die in space what say
I think I died in space well yeah I
don't I'm not really sure either I mean
apparently you can space travel by
having your brain removed from your head
and then apparently death is true yeah
yeah welcome to the group you poor
master hold on to that yeah you're gonna
need to seal that creature with that by
the way you can tell the professor that
The Staves can't talk they're not nearly
as nice as I am all right well what do
they do I mean I thought they were just
like a channel of a power or whatever
they are a battery okay so they could
charge up her spells or whatever yes
okay what oh so you're Steve's this
names don't talk but you can use them to
charge up your power so I suspect and
I'm sure the headdress will tell me more
is that up no of course he won't because
that's the information I want like when
am I gonna die why did you Jimmy well
[Laughter]
I'll be quiet yes yes that's what they
our white guy demographic just really
shut down
are you the priestess sorry storm front
he's really talking to a higher power
it's not a higher power it's just a
power a greater one we're crazy it's a
greater power I think it's just larger
things that she has said have have come
true we've had good insan babies I do
I mean out of reality it says things to
me but it says things like you're gonna
die well yeah no kidding I'm gonna die
eventually and it won't tell me when
just as it did it didn't say that we
weren't going to go before the tribunal
yeah it was saying and she told me that
but it said speak read didn't it say
speak Oh literally that was five minutes
but I can't remember is it like a spirit
that was easily 20 minutes talks to you
I guess it's just a voice in my head so
it could just be me in my head but it's
actually been correct ish oh okay I mean
not speaking before the tribunal is
correct but I wasn't gonna speak anyway
it's very what's what I'm looking for
I'm gonna die well duh that metaphorical
cryptic very cryptic cryptic sighs did
you say dick yes okay gender me it also
has issues with gender
it won't talk to me okay [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so
sure but you're like the priestess
Morgul perhaps okay please keep calling
her that
conduits wrote about the conduit yeah
you commune with a higher power with
this again let's back up the words
higher pie let's go of course you would
he's giving you yeah he's giving you
homage I just think it's some deference
its deference is the word all right
magic is so low it would be if he was
like slitting a cow's throat whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa I don't want to hear that
anymore
sure what what it's saying the
difference between deference versus
homage and again it's a good it's a good
mykes my vocabulary expanding because of
it so I did you have to say thank you
very much to the headdress of eyes um
but deference is to show it appreciation
homages to slit a cattle throat for it
it's just telling you things runs you're
gonna die ghostly ones go see yogev
whatever
whoo yeah yeah guess that's it yeah ugh
I mean I don't want to interrupt you
okay she's okay and it says it doesn't
want entropy that just means it's not
like active out trying to do it and then
the rest of these guys they just do
whatever you tell them to do I mean it's
[Music]
yeah yeah how much how much percentage
of agent Rogers gonna take care of us
now yeah so no rating well how much
money agent Rogers hey I need a really
suspect of the American government and
how much money it has Fair cover
minister just print money abandoned yeah
they have the medicine they have the
mint the American economy will collapse
within the next five years all right
Oh good to know so what stocks are
you picking right now wait what why gold
we all leave it's telling me buy gold I
don't know it's also runt I was gonna
we're not a cult BSF but I are buying
gold we are the great day in society and
we're just trying to find answers
investigators investigation
you were revered a Great Dane no it's
accepted to Joe why are we oh it's a
joke that that Jackson Elias perpetuated
rest of soul Oh Jackson he came to the
oh that guy yeah that guy he's either
way the start of this group so is he
like the cult leader they started this
little oh my god there's you know what
that's right actually we're not a cult
no what are you guys investigators is
investing you're very weird for
investigators yes we're investigating
for us yeah okay but she talks to like
the dead in the higher powers I don't
think it's greater magic headdress okay
yeah and then you've got some magical
staves
I heard that do you know about these
signs is yours jewelry is that I think
if you thank you use your spell ability
or whatever that's called with the
staves you might want to cross them you
might want to do some of this do you
cast spells likable do you have Joseph
they think they're druids by the way
oh they're druids are real madrid's
birth through several centuries okay cuz
I was gonna get him I was gonna get old
you're getting some it's good it's still
thought oh a robe is it a joke
oh I'm getting older you know looking
for artifacts and things these are
artifacts yep and making sure that they
stay safe if I wanted you wrong with
them
you realize artifacts is just a fancy
word for old historical items sometimes
of power sometimes just memorabilia
mmm time to give it a jar with some
fancy drawings like a brain migraine no
this is not an artifact this is an item
of power could be both but those are
artifacts
yeah and we need to know our Egyptian in
origin yes
Oh what does it look more like the witch
dynasty all the knowledge we just Ellis
vice we had clicked on the Egyptology
part of his right you can make college
II or anthropology Gillis our cult a
late dynasty it's gonna be I would go
with an archeology or history I would
accept timers history history
archaeology is better 27 is a hard
success okay let's see what you get here
where is I have to go to the PDF for
this one junior good point yeah yes very
stop he's doing so much he's what like
23 he's 23
Wow Andrea Gaffigan staves her first
team is the kid yeah they'll be fine for
one yeah until he starts getting
experience in going over its yeah all
the white hairs kick in spells they slow
loading PDF it's almost like it's
yeah I'm sure we all have like gray in
our temple yeah maybe a couple Street
gray in our hair lines worn and scars
from running through thickets clothes
aren't even like put on like we're all
just like all the time I just 35 sanity
which is better than I've been oh wow my
said was down at 27 at one point oh wow
you need to take a train ride no I don't
I'm trying to nowhere no Stephanie I'm
sure some scars I haven't thought about
it oh god I was looking at my luck and
being like that can't be with my sins
and what's going on
it sound a 19 now so no my sanity is so
the setters are about a foot long one is
they are from the around the Third
Dynasty Claire Dennison okay which is
more recent her story how'd you know
that you're telling us that right yeah
third dynasty would they're little more
advanced back then oh I was thinking
second so thank you what did you get
them any foundation ah nice to have that
bourbon in my hand where did you get
those I have never seen anything like
that of the foundation they don't show
me anything though what other kind of
stuff have you seen at the foundation I
mean mostly pictures and books and
things that really yeah they didn't let
me I didn't see any of the great
whatever came back from Egypt they it
was always kept in boxes and stored
somewhere else I was never but an
exhibit okay and what kind of guests did
Gavigan have so he obviously Jackson
Elias went to see him did he start
filing Jackson wise as well or just us I
mean he might have I'd I I have never
seen his personal files he never gonna
let me look at them I wasn't a secretary
I worked out front do all I told him was
that Jackson Elias was going to die not
that he was going to kill mr. Gavigan
okay so what did you do what does what
do you mean worked out front what does
that mean well worked out front member
at the reception desk and I I musta
managed the library and I mean it was
more of a part-time job for me they were
paying for my schooling okay yeah I do
the University of London know which
which where would it be
just somewhere local to Augsburg okay I
was working on my graduate degree Wow
anthropology mmm got it so that's is
that how you know about the staves and
how old they're I've recognized it the
design like that is much more modern
than the older stuff yeah I mean you've
seen plenty of photos of the hieroglyphs
and whatnot pretty pretty similar as far
timeframe you I was like I play some in
the third dynasty if I could get better
look at them they'll maybe I could you
know just in time did for all this
exciting talk about Egyptology we've
been rated by legends of event risk
so what because of that raid we are
right now giving away a Nord games deck
so hashtag chaos right here and you can
be entered to win must be present to win
US and Canada only sorry Quebec are we
though I love Quebec they knew what they
did very harsh postal laws that's what
they did that's welcome legends of
adventurers guys we are we're playing
Call of Cthulhu and yes they are
currently debating whether or not magic
items are evil or not they are magical
items they're merely just items
themselves like a weapon would be yes
which is why we have to keep magical
items out of the hands of evildoers okay
and because I need to reassert myself
from this gentleman here I want it I
wanted to see if there was anything I
could L so I could tell about these sure
my case history roll history let's see
if I can make it fail it miserably and
then la oh oh
hard not hard success alright so almost
I'm you you can pull out a well actually
that you know the explaining professors
but yes I'm lecturing oh yeah yeah you
pull out a will actually about how the
workmanship here and them the the
craftsmanship in the metal are not
indicative of the third century and that
you know these these materials whatever
this metal is it was not something that
could have been worked in the third
dynasty meaning older or younger
Clara couldn't work but it worked in any
of the earlier dynasties either about
what kind of metal is that Matson could
I examine that is it touch a woman
staves
[Laughter]
[Applause]
we're even working bronze I believe back
then so what what are those made out of
I'm still doing some testing and and
working with them and I will I'll let
you know and I've come to some working
what do you think they're made out of
what's your hypothesis do you have an
academic Locker you want to try some
metallurgy or chemistry engineering
let's see what do I got in this awesome
here eat your bones you don't want to
find out you're gonna end up making a
whole row commit those don't do it know
who's writing this little bicker fight
here cult medicine I wasn't listening
from you you're like what wow that was a
gross mischaracterization of what you
were doing yes were you having a
cocktail on yes science won't work no
I've never been to yoga appraised price
was right appraised sure make it a
praise roll you roll to buy with jiggles
all right I thought oh my god I just
spilled coffee all over the place but it
stayed in the family yeah I did not make
it when I changed my dice all right so I
mean you can't tell what the hell this
stuff is yeah it is beyond your Ken
there are some they look like they're
it's worth quite a lot there are a
couple of precious stones in there
gotcha there's weird metal that you
don't recognize you could I could I look
like a crowbar could I get something
like taking it no this is awkward know
my history
he doesn't know yesterday he does not
know my history
nice you might you might be able to
attorney might these are mines isn't
it's not okay it takes it they're not
stone they're not bronze there's some
precious stones in here in some metal
that I can't identify so I'm gonna do
some more tests okay I got to figure
this out I gotta figure this out you
should definitely figure that out
could could maybe be a meteorite you got
it in your Dyson I got it everywhere Wow
it's hilarious when you're just loud
move easy to take a look would they be
able to work that kind of metal back
then I don't think they'd be able to
work it but they maybe they get Shaymin
isn't that the same difference Oh
different things how shipping's more
like you know like like carving out the
edges like the of course in ancient
except I did tray for a lot of those
from the Mediterranean so maybe later on
the third dynasty there was his acquire
some of those now the stones they don't
look indicative of Egypt sure so it may
have crossed do it this way your
biessing you know when they acquired
precious metals and rent from all over
it from Afghanistan from from Greece and
Italy I'm sorry from where of Guinness
video I think it's something I was like
where as far as Afghanistan it also to
the south and you know that the
Egyptians traded all over the world
exactly so we have to figure out exactly
it's not quite third dynasty but we'll
figure it out
we'll get this it looks there dynasty to
me so what training there's an all right
so I'm fascinated and listening to this
is like watching this inter fine the
next morning you bright and early are on
a train to lesser Edale it may surprise
you to learn there's no direct line to
lesser eat out of course but you you
make it to a very small it's a platform
it's not a station and you are in a very
small town this is you know generic
small English town number three except
for a few
details the most important of which is
that there is its scene here where is my
lesser Edale map here so there is up on
the hill here this is castle plum this
is the town proper this is a large like
a large cliffside then sort of backs the
town and there is one there's a public
house in town that is an in there is a
fairly large there's a I don't know a
large for the size of town Church and
there is a general store other than that
it's pretty much homes so I have always
wanted to say this crystal sparkles one
the deck congratulations crystal
sparkles oh the crystal sparkles Bree
Brina very Brina Breton Yin I'm just
gonna stick with Christine sparkles
because Christmas partly might be my
spirit animal congratulations crystal
sparkles thanks for thanks for coming in
and I hope you hang around and listen to
more debates of the win win medals were
you read who were busting out the action
for you don't do it probably something
that we should do is find out more about
everything that people know find out you
should be running a law yes most
important I'd like to go speak to this
fellow this Lord Arthur vein at the
castle plummet the key would be able to
tell us more about one day lovely elder
son
yeah castlemaine Oh Lord Arthur Bain
yeah hey castle plum only only
supervillains named castles after
themselves Castle doom come to me can we
also just check into our hotel in our
backup hotel first oh there is we have
been correct it's Brina Christmas
miracles Brina cool hi crystal Sparkman
Brina usually we things happen we have a
hotel then we have to move
well I start there's just the public
laughs yeah we want a hotel that the
horrible things that come from us will
go to we're not at and then a place that
we're actually at we're the horrible
things don't come and get us necessary -
could we go to the church yes the larger
issue the massive one forgets to
Protestants so is it really a church as
long as it's relatively hallowed ground
so that's that can be our second so I'm
not picking up decorations I'm confused
here
streamers all right so I go straight for
the telegram yeah all right so the
telegram is the general store cool all
right inside the general store is a a
salt of the earth gentlemen John pitch
luck he introduces himself as Locke I
love that name I'm just gonna call you
John but enemy so who are you all you
guys are going to the public house right
you guys are going to the general store
all right and well what brings you
Squire to lesser Edale we would like
to send a telegram all right what do you
want to send so we give him the address
yeah we have arrived in Messer II do
please let us know of any future
all right I'll read your message back to
you we have arrived in lesser Edale
please let us know of any recent
developments that's ambiguous you must
just say recent developments
stop so cross out that's ambiguous add
that recent
journeys so we're saying recent
developments twice just send it as it is
don't listen to him so cross out the
other recent developments just have the
one so your message reads we've arrived
in lesser Edale let us know if there are
any recent developments yes sir well
I'll send it and where should I send any
reply to to the public house all the
laughing horse you've got it miles I'll
make sure that the message goes there I
okay craft Historical Society sadly did
not laughing horse it is oh wait hey oh
I so the book has a lovely picture of a
horse with fire coming out of that's
hopefully it's fire it's just laughing
music that horse is not well laughing so
um Oh pitch luck actually while you're
there he's trying he's like do you need
anything else we're if you're going
hunting I've got a number of shotguns
mhm
so backing up we got some not with all
your right we'll see ya I hope you guys
have kept all have done all stuff
because otherwise the authorities would
have it and you'll never see it again
Donal will hunt you down especially that
rifle I'm assuming you would let us know
two notches on the rifle you need to add
more not just us I think I know I did
not add any notch that's Otto röhm
notches on it and now it's yours it
would be ya know are you here to hunt
yeah yeah quickly not but you know we're
huntin he's what are you hunting so
we've heard about a creature yes have
you heard any rumors about that you're
letting the be oh no no no we're scared
I but we want to know
I do not want to hunted right but I'd
heard rumors about that and that's why
he's worried about hunting don't worry
about him he's you know it's mine what
have you heard
well I mean constable Tom well says he
shot a wild dog about what two weeks
back and as far as I'm concerned that
settles the end of it
oh then everything's great we have all
right the rumor is they're still howling
uh members if we're going hunting
I mean you know he's he's a great hunter
at night oh okay so it's only a night
because that's what we came here for
here I thought more sightseeing yeah
well well more food if you want to hunt
and if you don't already have any
equipment you know I'm happy to help
it's nice to know well well well let the
rest of our party not die me and my
Alice if you need anything you let us
know
perfect thank you so much John and Alice
all right
you come into the laughing horse and
there is a rotund bald man we know
behind the bar well hmm how can i hope
you we need to like work
accommodations why where you from verbal
originally or lately I don't know
so originally I'm from New York but
we've been staying in low America yeah I
got a there's two of us v3 I'm not the
American yeah he's not from America uh
yeah that's right that's three why are
you visiting lesser Edale oh we were
interested in I don't know seeing the
sights maybe hearing a tale about the
what are the sights of lesser Edale
beasts of lesser et al
okay so there are maybe two people in
heaven right now it's like we spent like
the face and as soon as like when you
well I mean I've every buddies heard of
the Beast it comes out at the full moon
it does just the full moon well that's I
mean it's a werewolf Edna I don't know
really you think it's a werewolf it's it
comes out at the full moon it's a beast
[Laughter]
so whatever in the paper you still hear
howling though that's a werewolf yeah so
it's not it's still around well a
constable says he killed it well do you
believe that can't kill a werewolf for
the gun Oh
how do you kill a werewolf silver
everybody knows that even I know that
well yeah knows that look at him what
behind the ears
yeah yes so does anybody still hunt I
still know that no it hasn't caused
problems
well constable says it's done yeah but
what happens at the next full moon if
it's like kill somebody else got two
weeks to find out yeah was there an
approximate area where this this this
beast was roaming and anyone can pin
the town is this area and evening like
people were taking an evening stroll out
here
it's like South so yeah this is the
southeast
are there any caves or anything like
that
more caves all through here there are
right behind us there that's mom that's
mom tour I don't know what that means
yeah what is that
well or no it's made his mom in Old
Gaelic it means mother Hill you're right
okay and this was what is that it's one
of the earliest hill forts in Britain
hmm so here's a crazy idea
don't go if it really is a werewolf that
means that it either was a person at one
time right I hadn't thought about it but
sure what do you think it is oh god this
is where words all over again has to
be somebody kind of three of them point
of someone I mean it does it have to be
somebody oh yeah that makes sense it's a
person's that you become so wolf yeah
well moon otherwise the person the rest
of the time but what if they're they
mean it could be somebody who lives out
in the Moors all right but about in the
Moors no there's none better of these
aren't MERS these are rolling kills
could be some of that limbs out in the
hill country Hill people know people are
there many know but if you're a wolf so
you don't suspect anybody in town NoHo
okay hmm
make a make an appearance role I use a
base for that don't I your appearance
right yeah that's yeah so that is just a
regular success hmm all right here we'll
say
sorry I'm just a disaster I'm looking at
the coffee I spilled the fact I don't
know my Latin that was awesome
keep at it I'm playing my 20 intelligent
really well yes you are me serious said
actually Wow intern you work for her
I don't know me too makes it makes sense
now why was I yeah not manager manager
that's that well I don't know who it is
but I can tell you hmm
vicar has seen the Beast the vicar's
seen the Beast really okay was he
walking in the same area I don't know
where but half just heard tell but he's
not he hadn't told the tale to anyone
really why not
gotta ask him I guess okay
I'm sure it's terrifying something like
that
I imagine I imagine yeah you know if you
if you come back for dinner
Tommy you'll be here Tommy there's
nothing bigger no constable tom well ah
okay call him tummy got it
can we get five because he's portly you
know do you ask dummy
um my own room we need accommodation you
have five people all rooms you want a
yes please
oh let's see what we got here he pulls
out this like old ledger do you say the
constable thinks he got the Beast Bay
pardon sure ledger I having a chat with
him is probably a good idea yeah we just
have to make sure not to offend him if
he thinks he shot it it small town
constable fairly is it rooms are two and
six for the night I've got five rooms
alcohol fantastic who pays for this we
do and then we get reimbursed yeah holds
the money and does the accounting where
is he sending a telegram probably up to
no good as soon as you say that they
come in and good
I come in just enough here we got rooms
could you could you do you want to just
pill he'll say you can pay by the day or
if you want to prepay it's the
difference I'll get more money let's pay
by the day
yeah mm-hmm rooms come with dinner
unless the meals are on your own
got a lamb stew coconut for dinner nice
tea should be on the house should be in
[Music]
right okay all right fair enough
grab my key thank you I was thinking I
should know this cuz we're such heavy
drinkers so I was like maybe we should
just go back to the general store get a
bottle for ourselves do that did you get
the telegram sent yes excellent okay
right so I think that we should go see
The Vicar forever we should talk to the
fobian salt the police it's the cast
that it was whatever it was was probably
in the castle I think and probably seal
the hust off the stone I absolutely need
to get an invitation to go see that was
what I was thinking to cast like we
don't just show up on the door attached
oh we just invoke protocol Omega Omega
protocol come right in
that's important I think our best option
at the moment is to gather as much
information as we can before we go to
the castle okay
the biggest yeah The Vicar and possibly
the constable yeah animation will be a
dinner time yes yes and maybe take a
walk around you know yes well in in the
in the daylight I don't know walk around
here at night at the general store they
were asking us if we wanted to go
hunting they have some guns that we
could vote we could rent we still have
our hunting stuff from the last time
oh yeah we have to can you conceal de
because the handgun is illegal sublet
house is down here there's the church
that's the castle
okay I've shot a shotgun a few times
really
yeah man X Joe and I if we go out in the
success five six eight not anybody who
made it you also have victims names
owner that's right
yeah it was good and Lydia Perkins and
Harold short was attacked but not hippie
nice to know where they were attacked
they were donut done this exact location
sure so we should always so probably
gonna talk to mr. short you know what I
think of like somebody you talked to a
grieving family it's you guys that I
automatically yeah I see that going well
yes let's talk to the one who survived
that's yes yes so it's it's just after
lunch it's about one what's that what's
the vicar's name did we catch that vicar
oh yeah Vica Stratton Jeremy Jeremy
Stratton even he always says call him
Jer
don't feel comfortable calling me vicar
Jer it's a bit peculiar to call a
churchman Jer middays at that I just
call him vicar mm-hmm
do we think this is a werewolf oh no the
victory no no I
that would be the perfect if I was a
werewolf
oh it's not I would say I was a werewolf
don't worry about cause no one's gonna
say that
that's not saying the vicar's and I'm
just saying is this a werewolf
and we should belt stuff down and get
silver bullets I guess is a precaution
that's not gonna clear both gonna and if
we think that let's not gonna work then
also does anyone know how to make
bullets you guys make bullets stuff no
that's the thing so I did not barely
know how to shoot a gun
I mean if we had Donal but however that
guy does anyone in town no he was pretty
capable somebody cuz we're gonna be
hunting and we want to have some silver
bullets as mementos mementos of our time
here ignorant Americans yes we were
gonna get spoons but we'd rather have
silver bullets sound like something
Americans would want to do a bandolier
oh no
let me perk for you Americans wait
that's yeah I mean yeah if you have
bullets off my chest that feels good so
you guys need cowboy hats yeah
we could get some we could get some
silver bullets maybe was that or have it
okay go talk to the Vickers to kind of
torn as to whether or not what I want to
actually be prepared for a werewolf or
whether and I'm too embarrassed to be
prepared for a well there's five of us
we can all split up and talk to
different people maybe it'd be more
efficient that way that's just we cover
more ground with pissing people off but
it's really kind of weird for all five
of us to go trying to talk to one person
well if we go to the see The Vicar where
we're in town some of us should go out
to lunch is what you're saying
yeah well you also don't know how we
offer it where one person says something
terrible the other person emphasizes it
doubles down makes it worse the rest of
us try and shuffle our way out of it and
then sometimes there's a gun battle
sometimes there isn't I hate how
accurate you are but Omega protocol
which we are not going to say again and
I'm sorry let's not do that how about we
just ask a nice question and get a nice
answer and then we go have a lunch
are you good at that yeah so okay you
you're all so young dear I could try
yeah great you're screwed this that
fairly well before I have a good act do
you want one backup person to go with
you oh yeah that way in case things go
too well alright here's here's here's
what I'm going to recommend we go in
teams of two and three so we have a
couple people go and talk to people I
really do want to check out the area
where they say that people were attacked
in the daylight the daylight would be
good and it's about lunchtime now so
there's an old Celtic hill fort over
there perhaps the druid might want to
check that out I always like half
listening but I'm gonna do that yes all
right
it's gonna be a bit of a hike well no
does it you're right here yeah yeah but
and we'll have our guns so we're hunting
I'm not going with them somebody's
[Laughter]
do you know first date how was your
first day I can give first aid I got
something I think in your case in the
second day your head third boss you have
to learn no second is what you need
that's it right I've got so first aid
I'm good
so who's doing what not getting shot so
we got people going to the vicar and
people going to mam tor who's talking to
the vicar u2 and u3 are going to mam tor
and checking out the I have no idea what
I'm looking for alright so first you'll
come out here I would say can I give
Silvano the whole like look for tracks
look for footprints look for you without
moves the investigative stuff that we
used to do back in New York in in dirt
you'll never get access in New York not
trap you know you've got an
archaeologist with you I understand I'm
looking up then you're not I'll just yes
sir
oh I guess I wasn't made aware to me
look for scat I thought you just need
don't give Lindsey Graham any more
talking oh yes ok so we're gonna go and
look for signs of a beast yes
tracks to make a track roll you can also
make spot hidden I'll take spot hidden
different information cuz one of them to
horrible at but I feel obligated to try
it now
No okay then I'll take spot hitting okay
all right okay you know what we got
inspiration 10% chant what's 10% with
inspiration one of my odds of hitting
Rome I'm embracing this what's the track
it yeah definitely I was never gonna
would you like to inspire that role nope
[Laughter]
I'm gonna do spot hit in his okay
oh I totally okay so you both made I
mean yeah it's hard you both made the
spot hitting roll nobody made the track
roll so with a spot hidden roll this is
also a meadow where they bring a ton of
livestock so it is really hard to get
any sort of this is not wolf poop least
I didn't taste it first my goodness yeah
you I mean you you that's the that's
what you get is that this is a we don't
see any like tracks that are weird as no
longer I'm just gonna wait a couple days
of me going back I like it you're gonna
taste a lot of poop I can it can I find
me like caves mere near this area sure
there are all sorts of cave openings all
up the mom tour could be sleeping in
there yes I I do want to like peek into
caves as we go past see if anything's
weird about it yes'm yeah that's yeah
anything as an urbane opera singing
assassin what weird about a cave I've
been out in the country before me a
caved
to kill things everything is where
everything is weird about this cream
torch I'm gonna I mean would you like to
go into the caves sure we should all
right
it goes back as far as you know out of
there there is darkness in the back we
got torches with us right we were not
stupid enough to not bring torches with
us that torch isn't a flash yeah
make me a group luck role you know if we
come back tomorrow you know what your
snipers are not common sense tomorrow
this she's got a pass oh yeah I totally
mean all right look at this it comes
down to Nick we did not bring no I think
I forgot bullets for the right those are
useful torches right so we probably go a
little ways in until it's until it's
dark and then I like yeah yeah let's not
all right kidding is there anyone I
could use like an occult rule or
something to see if we fuel anything in
here why would you bring the staves with
me yes cuz we need I don't want to leave
them in that way I believe this you
going keep those with her yeah I didn't
want to leave them in that Beck that
that public housing me a power roll
I made it all right so you you walk into
a cave and almost like a dowsing rod yes
I'm just saying we have like flint and
steel with a ten-foot pole Dokdo you mad
meows meow someone here has to be a
chain smoker you know what I'll give you
matches all right let's get some
kindling and sticks and make our own
torches well you know it's there's cloth
in the Bourbon that
so what size bourbon country does always
does
yeah I don't need to look at a flat the
flask yes no bottle of bourbon
yeah have you considered that you might
have a problem I which walked over with
Emma
she has assured me this is the same
conclusion everything's fine
everything's fine but we should drink
more yeah take a little bit off the
bottom of my skirt so we can make a
weekend rapa I put my sock back on all
right yeah sure you can jerry-rig a not
at all going to go out it in an
be really bad not great yeah yep we'll
see how far we get all right not far
calling it now I'm what are we role for
making a torch hold on I don't want to
see that what am i rolling for this what
did you roll just tell me what your old
46 are you made a fine torch you'd be a
fine fine it slightly tiny that's a hard
success in my torch craft there you go
that torch is on fire torch crafty art
torch right so we go a little bit deeper
all right yes are you just sort of
following the down dog yes okay not
too far though okay this is no no uh
everybody make me a gosh
yes yes
no all right everyone that made the role
is getting a scent of there's a scent of
like charnel was like dead some
thing bears slay bears up but it's
decayed Joan like bears bears suspect
there's something there's something
wrong oh it's rancid there's something
rotting yeah Bulger's in here but it's
still there does it is it smell like
rotting meat
yes yeah do we want to go further keep
it in mind that we have a shitty torch
and a backup torch and just the two of
us and just a three of us seems like a
really good a tortoise is a good choice
I'm just back up towards there's nothing
on the walls there's nothing else no
signs or nodes or anything
what do you want for smell your way are
you there's pretty much one way right
now alright either forward or in yeah
deeper in or out this torch mamako out a
doorknob guy I've been very confident I
checked it off I'm mark forward yes all
right
I'm not letting the following without me
here I guess you guys aren't grab a beer
yeah you're not pulling me back I'm
gonna die all die merrily the Nordic
team has 500 bits for the got a little
deeper line I like I like someone that
appreciates a good line that is alright
you continue in everybody make a listen
roll [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] his vultures yes yes I mean
yard hard listen hearts well no that's
like hard okay so you make three or four
double heart extreme listen nameless I
can hear it I missed it by one all right
how about we just call that a critical
success yes alright so you definitely
schemee
like maybe yeah sounds of movement some
sort of culture
I hear something skittering where cost
skittering in the it's probably rats and
and some and some some of their food did
it sound small like a rat
oh no oh it didn't sound small it's all
like big something big skittering around
yep
how deep are we in the cave at this
point you're about you've gone in to the
point that it's a little chilly you are
in the body of this mountain so do you
guys have guns on you yes get a milk Hey
yes B do we like being deafened these
are closed quarters and loud guns just
you switch this I'm surprised you don't
have tinnitus already same I have my
daggers alright do I put on my hunting
how strong is this pull on me how strong
is this pull on me am I am I just like
you oh well I mean any pull at all yeah
it is weird yeah yeah no no I mean how
stupid it's not like you're not like
Pepe LePew get anything thank you
we're just going we have to scooby-doo
run I think that point isn't hell no we
haven't seen done with a master bird in
this case where the monster is not a
person and we haven't stops how this
discussion we're still going forward
I've got this discussed alexandra's
dismayed I'm trying to like to get the
rifle ready with the torch out at the
same to give her the torch oh oh and
here's the backup torch joke you might
need oh like this other torch I I have
torch it one hand in a dagger in the
I'm more trying to make spot rolls I'm
not listening I'm not listening I'm not
having it very much it's not just
friends got here going a whisper of
[Applause]
I'm I know I grabbed the torch back I
just why probably burn my hand a little
bit and I'm like I'm trying to do you
not see it did you hear that stop wait
what you let just know that she was
talking you'll put the torch out if you
keep waving it like that
you heard somebody talking torch out
make me a look roll so you can use
inspirational doctor all right
fumble it come on you knew the torch
starts to go out and you stop right away
it's definitely a little dimmer
I drop the rifle and then grab the
backup torch and start lighting that all
right the backup torch is lit okay we're
full up stop dropping Donald stuff do
you hear that you know what there's
something okay
what did you hear back there what's okay
all right that sounds like that we don't
want to hear people in case let's go
let's go let's go
good I could just be crazy that's okay
at this point I think I think yes no
this is my hand where the torches attack
stop throwing this thing any taking them
in I want this to be a movie that's it
we're at know we had slowed up with run
with the torch don't know me the torch I
mean okay back out of the cave yeah
until did you run in the part where I'm
running
wait John did torches snow all right
running in the dark yeah she just takes
a make a
Mackay drew let's call it a death roll
doctor can die oh yeah look depends on
what your role oh I got you back flip
your way out I am I am
I'm a bit dry here you can walk out no
okay we'll come back later better
prepare tight no yes nuke it from orbit
it's the only way huh where are you
going
are you gonna climb up the mountain out
no leaving alright go back to the public
always we know where the werewolf is it
could be both again crazy homeless
werewolf crazy I was where you were just
follow them tonight if I get alright
so we cut to a very different experience
you have walked up a small little
pathway through a garden to the vicar's
cottage and you see through a window a a
gentle old man don't believe it
Victor sorry Jeremy Stratton and he sort
of sees you walking up and he is already
putting a pot of tea on the on the oven
and he he comes and he answer the door
says oh hello good morning oh good
afternoon sorry I forgot what time it
was
oh good afternoon might you be willing
to a tea with the rest of us for sure or
even to you you're inviting yourself to
tea son I'm sorry just saw the pot there
has been I haven't any Lee's come in
would you like a cuppa
yes I will all right thank you I'm sorry
I'm very rude that me I my name is
Joseph Basara I'm I'm a graduate student
at Oxford University and we are here in
this lovely lovely village of yours kind
of looking into a local Malakal mystery
a little little story that we were very
intrigued about and we we thought we
might ask you cuz I understand just say
the beast child just say the beasts yeah
exactly that I said the youths you've
seen it
hi claims did what would it look like
well I was walking home after dark after
visiting a parishioner must have been
nine o'clock which who are you who are
I was visiting Harold short wait at the
currently deceased according to the
papers Oh Harold singer he's the gang
Harold's dead no I'm sorry it was the
one that they got to let it go no let
this happen
no no not there I'm so sorry my god I'm
mistaken hold on let me reference my
notes in the paper it said oh I'm yeah
I'm sure it was George Osgood and Lydia
Perkins who her disease yes sure
was attacked was he with you when you
saw it was that the same night no I was
leaving well it was the same night and I
was leaving his house got it so so did
you see it and then it attacked mr.
short or do you think you saw it after
it attacked mr. short well it was close
to here I was opening the front gate and
I I heard I heard heavy breathing quite
close and I looked up and I saw a huge
dark shape shrouded in mist while the
the form it was you know the form was
obscured but I saw these burning red
eyes I was terrified and it let out a
awful cry just a terrible cry and I knew
it had seen me I panicked and I I bolted
in the house and locked the door and
then prayed what time was that about 9
o'clock as I said ok at night it was
terrible
and what were you doing so you were
visiting Harold like you'd said I was at
Harold's house yes and then you stopped
on your way back to Harold's house at
the public house or did you come
straight no I came here yeah and what
did did you in Harold what were you guys
doing out here
house where you're just chatting well I
like to I like to talk to everybody in
town it's you know sort of my job to
make sure that everyone's feeling all
right and having a haven't know what
they need and you know after the death
of his wife Harold has been Harold was a
little sad and I do I'd go and we we
talk about a little footy I'm hoping it
means pop all right the first one okay
football got it okay and so what did
Harold did you guys have dinner at
Harold's house you know being a widower
I brought dinner okay I got some pies
at the public house and I brought him
over mm-hmm Harold's not much of a cook
I understood Emily was the cook got it
and did you bring some pints with you as
well no I I brought a bottle of wine
okay not I'm not a not a not a pint man
myself but I don't mind a nice cup of
wine here and there he looks at you kind
of slyly and he says blood of Christ and
all that yes Father
you should partake sometime that's
creepy I'm sorry the whole blood of
Christ bond of Christ has always been
creepy is he is he Protestant or
Catholic he is very proud honestly the
picture they've got here look pick
somebody he's got the little collar
collar on sir sorry if you would could
you describe to us the kind of sound
that it made you mentioned a caller yeah
made oh it was a like a roar or a cry or
something yeah like what what kind of
animal would you say it most what's
closest to I don't know a doll girl wolf
maybe no where does where does Harold
live Harold's farm is out oh this way
okay so just I find that interesting
that you see the beast here but then it
with Harold attacked after you saw the
Beast
I believe yes no have to find out how
long I will say that you know Harold is
not in town he he's staying with his
brother Thomas recuperating yep mm-hmm
up in skegness how far away's shanked us
oh it's a good day by train joan was
this attacked after this attack on
Harold after what happened to George and
Lydia yes George and Lydia were before
this got it
and we're do where did George in
Libya Oh where were they attacked but
yeah sorry they were attacked well Edith
tells us he death was George's wife wife
him Edith says that George heard a noise
in the barn and he grabbed his rifle and
he went out to investigate and then she
heard shots and he screamed and she
found George in a very very unfortunate
way and do they do they live out by
where Harold about the Harold Osgood
yeah they live even farther that way
both of the south mm-hmm
they're about a half mile outside of
town so George was killed one night
mm-hmm Lydia the next and then Harold
was attacked the third night said right
know Harold was attacked weeks later
Weasley okay was it on the next full
moon I gather it was hmm why would you
say that just a theory that what's
his name diya the public house owner has
hmm you know he was ranting about a
werewolf well I mean yes there you are
but they do say they here during the
full moon isn't that right
werewolves oh just the howling and what
time are you here howling all the time
what I mean a number of people in town
owned dogs mm-hm
but this is different well the noise I
heard was certainly different yes it
does seem like often these things happen
near the full moon yes you're right is
this something that's happened to the
town before is just a relatively new
tragedy he will he'll take a minute with
that question and he sort of like
looking at you and he says now why is it
that you are here looking after this
matter actually I'm just fascinated by
that that's just a story I heard and I
just wanted to we were told the story
and we're here looking into a different
matter and we thought we have some time
so we may I ask you a question
Oh certainly tell me about that yeah oh
oh the fancy jewelry you like it it's
pretty isn't it it's a bit much well I
it's kind of fashionable but insert pay
or certain quarters very forward it's
very fashion-forward hmm
you'll forgive me if I question the
motives of people who come here asking
questions about things they don't
understand we don't really understand
anything about the your wolf creature
but we're very curious why oh it's a
very curious are you here to fix
everything to make it all better I'm not
to give John his melibea back I'm not
quite sure we could ever do that I'm
sorry I can't so why are you here well
to obtain knowledge now the search of
knowledge is always a very noble pursuit
is it I certainly believe so what
knowledge would you like you wish to
know if there's a beast you wish to know
if these things have happened to before
what if I told you they've happened for
centuries Oh seems like what if I told
you that there's a curse on this town
what if I told you that wine was the
blood of Christ there are different
things there don't you think which one
is the most ridiculous hmm the three I
think the third would be the most
ridiculous
how he was mad at you so is the town
cursed no well do the people believe
that it's cursed
there's an air of some oh so maybe it's
some old stories you know Gaelic legend
or something maybe maybe there was a
horrible battle with the Romans and
there you reporters oh no I'm a student
I'm a grad student
I'm study history archaeology
anthropology these things fascinate
me and you wish to write a paper about
Edale well if it's good yes but
otherwise you know there's other things
to write about
if it's good if it's a good story well
certainly and what would make it a good
story if there was a curse well if
there's a good story behind the curse
and then the people have a belief based
upon that story and then they'd perform
certain acts based upon those beliefs
and the sir perpetuates the curse would
that make it more interesting than
perhaps just a footnote in history are
we these are people of course this is
not a academic study these are people
this is my flock I am their Shepherd Oh
certainly
but if you hear me out if it is a curse
and it can be put to rest
in a matter of your speaking wouldn't
that's a benefit the flock and tell me
oh wise and educated one how would you
end the curse of Edale what is the curse
of Edale that's kind of my question
you're just ranting about a curse of
video what is it alright well something
happened in the past that kind giving
you a great story oh please please share
continue this is a small town with
simple people where there is no curse
there is no great story here we were
beset by some sort of large dog animal
and tummy took care of it but you did
mention this has happened in the past
isn't that correct
at the same time I mentioned that wine
is the blood of Christ oh but you do
believe that though don't you
that wine is the blood of Christ or that
this happened in the past which yeah my
son do you know the difference between a
Catholic and a Protestant I know that
you both believe in and this Jesus
Christ and that you have a split in the
church that happened many centuries ago
and then or hundreds beers
yeah actually you mean
[Laughter]
that is all true but it's not the
difference no it must be a different
belief system of some sort somehow
different tenants or theological points
of did you quibble about mainly divorce
yes oh that's it
principally the two different Christian
factions split over the issue of divorce
there are many different there are many
more factions even within her church
there are multiple factions but all that
being said is the village first yeah
awesome why are we dancing but it sounds
fascinating
I'm just curious how you how does hmm
can I roll for I don't know you ever
mind offering me a roll I have
nothing so how you just you're
automatically pegging me as a Catholic
you're just pointing at me just trying
to get my goat and say blood of Christ
your church it's one car you Catholic
it's one god man oh yeah the Catholics
believe that you've just you've just
started Vatican 2 a little early are you
a Catholic of course I'm an observant
man my job is to know people nobody just
tell like how did you figure it out
are you just guessing
you wear a rosary you can't see it
though I were a headdress my friend
well the headdress the headdress was the
first thing I noticed yes I still have
questions about it it is so there are
questions as well but we the last thing
this town needs is a tourism industry
based on a werewolf I perfectly
understand your position it clearly
makes sense so what if we wrote a
different story than a werewolf it could
be something else I do like the Celtic
curse ankle that's that's much more
fascinating why would you not why not
write a story about the fine folks of
lesser Edale oh and no one's interested
in such stories I'm sure they're lovely
people but would you read that story you
might read that story but no one Li have
written that story of course course but
uh I'm sorry I guess we're kind of
just dancing around the issue but I
was just kind of curious what happened
that's all yeah maybe it was just those
three texts I guess it was taken care of
by the police and we have nothing to
worry about but if it's something else
hey don't you walk around at night I do
outside yeah do you still hear the
creature sometimes I take killer with me
killer and like an old
basset hound know like shambles out if
I'm really worried he followed he comes
with me if he feels like it
he doesn't like going out so much
anymore feels the cold in his bones well
I don't have any other questions
anything you want no thank you the tea
was excellent thank you very much for
your hospitality ease
if you must tell a story of lesser Edale
make it a story of love well this is a
town I loved deeply we can appreciate
that
thank you like yes well thank you for
your time huh calling it now he's
involved with the werewolf yeah I'm
gonna shut the door well leasers don't
gunplay didn't tell you that I thought
it was excellent really it was like a
you know like a spirited debate yeah
that's lovely
oh okay and we didn't shoot anybody
that's a good thing yeah that's a great
thing do you have a gun no I don't have
a go good how could we shut the vicar
probably has a gun I don't know yes dog
well done and probably a gun with that
dog hope I don't think he would shoot us
now I probably I'd shoot the dog neither
so so do you think we can visit the
castle now or should we wait till later
um should we get an introduction to the
castle first or I mean neither of you
are really up on me yeah the etiquette
of inviting yourself to Ethel to go see
the lord of what's-his-name I guess we
have to send a letter huh that's we
should do that yeah so it's you know
it's about let's say five o'clock oh
it's almost energy steps oh yeah you
head back and so actually like get when
we got out of the caves sorry two
important things would happen first of
all got that bottle yeah I take a swig
yeah but but it would be like wait wait
like what it's not gonna be here when we
come back we're only we might only have
one shot at this it could we know if it
Lea if it lives here well yeah it'll
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] there's more caves this might be
our only no we will find it again all
right we will find it I hold at the
bottom maybe just reconsider so far hair
of the dog that might be eating some
possibly okay but yeah no no I I think
it is a poor decision to go in as badly
prepared if you alright Sweeney we hope
so we have guns I can make more torches
I'm apparently very good at that
- get real torches and more people does
almost die in multiple times nope we
heard a creepy whisper does almost
nothing flesh does almost dying multiple
times before here not make you a little
more cautious you're the one who likes
to run away sir what's going on
seriously why are you running in you
thinks he hasn't lost I know it but so
it could have just been in my head maybe
maybe maybe was just but you heard
something but when you smelled something
I didn't do crap no she heard a large
and then you said scary and then you
guys said it was smelly I'm just saying
that if we if we come back there may be
nothing here then we check others maybe
see that's going in there a bullet now
going in there right now smells very
much like a suicide pact and I'm not
suicidal I mean he called me a druid yes
I made that mistake no I'll be able to
fight them look I helped to find it the
first time it enough find it the next
time we can do this but we need to be
prepared we need to be ready we need to
have are you like standing right outside
okay yeah yes we need to be prepared we
need to beer and of course it can hear
it let's fasten the bottle the bottle is
back are they completely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's
mill of just like meat death is is now
back and you all definitely smell it
coming out of the cave let's go yep yep
yep yep yep yep yep yep we have tomorrow
okay and we also have more people to
talk to
well we have time the new moon was just
a couple of days ago it only attacks
they said on the full moon that's a lush
creature that's a fortnight away maybe
something different maybe it's how many
ok how many things do you think are
hiding in these he'll in the few pills
heels was like
like going off the past experiences
I'd probably gauge somewhere like three
to four let's go back and tell them what
we found yes let's go back and tell them
what we found and figure out a plan for
how we're gonna be able to let's at
least try to not run in blindly I
understand this is probably impossible
with us but okay oh no we're and have
enough information to be able to do
something come on so so last round all
right so you have some time in the in
you know before they come back
to sober up yeah coffee coffee all
around coffee and when you are in there
when you come in there is a a very
attractive Englishman and you come in
and he like he motions you over to his
table look he's the only person in the
end all right and he says hello how do
you do my name is Lawrence of Haines and
I'd like to tell you all about the
monster I'm gonna plot a chairman
plopped down it on that we cut low so
that's gonna do it again next week I
will be on a beach in Hawaii they will
be prowling d20 s it I'm I I might
actually even watch that just cuz I want
to see house my cousin I'm really
interested in she has a song it's tied
together it's very interesting there are
gonna be some names some some names from
the past that will be popping up in this
in this tale including Donnell who will
[Laughter]
because he's been there he's gone his
cool moon blade with him exact time I
was in D&amp;D jail it was sets full quotes
from this one I do love saving the world
we are druids got to pound the table on
that one
yes I'm not going to jail because you
two are idiots cultists aren't people
blanket Omega that's the like the
subtitle protocol I think this might be
my winner so far I do have to defend
reality here I think it's a great how
about we ask a nice question get a nice
answer are you good at that and we don't
want to hear people in caves so we have
four that are carrying it over there's a
couple over here - oh yeah we have three
so looks like a bunch more are going in
are all booked by so many we did eyes
under a single we part I could have made
that track we bald we hardly long today
she's okay no that was good that we
didn't do that it was good okay thank
you so much for the bits for watching
you too YouTube Mike Chilton get us we
know your address we know what you live
work we've got Thomas printed out some
little nerd Ling's that he found on
Thingiverse and they they were they were
not yeah they they they the poor
things didn't make it they look very
little they're little tiny and super
cute but you know we we have more
cthulhu's so we'll be doing some
giveaways and spike next week the
terrain alone that he's make that he's
making and making these crazy so I you
know it's a good thing I don't feel
shame because I'm gonna be ashamed of
like the production values
but I deal with he really wants to make
a splash for his first day of requests
Italians it is all of your job to make
sure that it is actually three and a
half hours oh sure that's how it starts
yeah I die real quick and then he's just
like I die we converted the backup
so I will be not thinking of any of you
at all as I have a lovely beverage on a
beach my brains in a jar no I I love
being here and I will miss it dearly and
I will be back the next week and we will
one Oh God oh that bag is gonna be the
gift that keeps on giving
I almost want to kill him just to hurry
up to get you know we have a dank cave
with the rotting said I must ask you to
go no that's not what it no Eldridge
believes in puns trade bad jokes black
Pharaoh is say yes he is it's late
let's go to guess go to bed everybody go
do something fun we're gonna if you're
gonna party that if you gonna party
between you and your god good night my
you
