Kind: captions
Language: en
[Music]
you
Aloha Puna irelia Aloha it's good to be
back that was hello internet friends in
Hawaii Oh neat you know you learned
something today I had to google it
strangely you do not learn a lot of
Hawaiian in one week in Hawaii hello
thank you so much for spending part of
your weekend with us this is the Great
Dane Society we are playing Call of
Cthulhu and it's so good to be back last
week was epic it was crazy
this I thought the the table was full of
there were camera angles I'm surprised
there wasn't a smoke machine I think the
lesson there folks is if you can get in
a game that spike is running get in that
game because yeah the production values
are gonna be crazy and the story I
really enjoyed I was just telling them
that I have a whole little section here
in my notebook of callbacks to the DMD
game he did a great job of effects tying
in what I do
you couldn't be here so thank you so
much that was awesome
the next time I go on vacation we're
gonna get a much worse GM so I don't
look quite as bad I think is the the key
here it's you know it's Saturday we're
playing games Gordon Biersch has given
us some lovely beverages
we love Gordon Biersch I mean I like
their root beer which they used to have
on tap but you can't find on tap anymore
Oh makes me sad Gordon Biersch make root
beer again it was delicious
nord games speaking of the our friends
our partners if you hit nord games in
the chat you're gonna get 20% off of
anything you order there did they they
use did you guys use the critical in
this yeah we used all of the deck yeah
yes and some of them were used against
spike which was very amusing to me
because I know they even when the GM
rolls a one there's a critical fumble
that happens he was swearing a lot of
yeah you got it you got a you know you
got to go where the dice take you that's
why Gavigan fell off of his a dragon
you know it was it was ignominiously
have all over this table we have awesome
dice from our friends at
birds-of-paradise andrea who's always in
our chat is making these dice they will
be it's not kickstarter right they're
actually opening a store yeah she's
working out actually building a store
but you know Lunar New Year in China has
slowed everything down says it's it's
amazing in the board game world
especially everybody's trying to get
their games out before Chinese New Year
or it's like a month delay
it's a gosh I wish we could just shut
down for a month but that'd be really
nice sometime Bob going a fat choy to
all of our anybody who celebrates Lunar
New Year yeah year of the rat isn't done
yes year of the rat and that the rat oh
my gosh what is it the rat is yeah I
would just mess it up I'm not gonna be
fair fun look at us so yeah birds of
paradise
awesome dice they are coming soon I
wasn't lucky enough to get any of the
prototypes but I will be so one thing
here that Nick and I were talking about
and that is the font on these dice which
you can't see and I'm sorry but if you
want on them is fantastic it's readable
it is the choice of color with the color
of the dice is fantastic I can't say
enough good things about these birds of
paradise I was just telling the fine
folks here that I have one set of dice
that I use for everything I'm getting
birds of paradise dice because they are
that good they dang they are sweet and I
want more of them and if you guys want
to see pictures of them andrea has them
in the self-promotion section of our
discord which you can join by hitting
exclamation point discord in the chat
I'm gonna put my headshot up in the
self-promotion excellent headshot from
like sixth grade yeah alright so the
last time that we were all together not
rolling initiative was you are in the
city of lesser Edale the lovely cities a
strong word you're in the the hamlet of
lesser Edale and
here I have a map of lesser Edale for
its massive environments come on
production values come on yeah I mean
chasm make some really pretty maps yes
yes this is actually that is the Koz
manifesto in the corner I'll actually
know this is the HP Lovecraft Society
this is the from the prop set yeah
it's licensed from Kaos iam holidays but
they do the the the Lovecraft Society
does amazing stuff what they're a prop
kit but so you were in the town of
lesser Edale and you had you had split
up which I always loved and you and so
Yosef and Emma
yo Savannah had gone to talk to the
vicar and that that went great
vagrant you are convinced somebody's
convinced The Vicar as a werewolf here's
a lovely man and you are returning to
the public house the what does it called
there's something laughing horse you are
returning to laughing horse you three
had gone out on a tracking expedition to
hunt down who knows what and you'd found
a cave and then as you went into you
heard whispers and you started to smell
a just charnel horrible smell that made
you turn back and head to the laughing
horse and when you got to the laughing
horse sitting there was this gentleman
Lawrence vane what's man who introduced
himself and was going to the earth is
moving I mean always but I was going to
tell you about the the monster mm-hmm
his I believe his words to you were
hello
I understand you wish to know about the
monster we've all been drinking
beforehand so yes you see ours are
toasted yeah oh so a toast I want to cut
to you and Emma so you are returning
from the
the vicar's house heading to the
laughing horse Emma grabs you by the
shoulders looks you in the eye
her eyes are solid black and says oh god
it happened again and passes out first
us oh oh I'll try to wake her up a
little bit not to jet not too hard
unresponsive very slight useless
gestures a weaker oh yeah no she your
shaking of her shoulders none of the
recipe are parties here okay I just
don't know what you're in like the
zero seven all right excellent so I will
let you decide since you rolled so well
do you want the constable to come by now
or not not okay
this yeah so after there's no way at
some points Yosef we'll just have to
very very carefully and they'll take a
long time because you mean we're way too
careful cuz knows what's wrong with her
but he'll gently get her up and probably
not the dragger grab chest madhurima
defeat Kenneth get her back to public
house and make sure she's okay and then
put her in a room alright so that took
of her shoes you get later on the bed
you get to the laughing horse and you
struggle the door opening yeah and so
the door slams open right as vane says
that mm-hmm and you're the only people
in the place and he comes in dragging
Emma you guys start without us
Joseph what happened III don't know um
good your help please yes slowly make a
first April no they taught that it's not
a it's not that it's something different
something strange her eyes went black
has that happened before he said it
happen I for she is breathing okay uh
the closest thing you can think of is
she's in a coma of some sort
she is unresponsive like if you lift her
eyelids up her eyes don't move at all no
dilation is no dilation there's nothing
we were just on the stronger not pitch
black there's not thank you thanks javi
where comes in with a glass of water
she's your friend oh right
oh yeah she'll feel kidding fainted Lord
we're gonna look gonna take care of her
we're gonna bring her up well you need a
doctor
do we no no no no no no no no no we're
good she says she has fainting spells
periodically so we're going to get her
up to was good a powder room I really
think she needs a doctor
Oh we'll be okay we'll be fine look if
she does who do you suggest well yeah as
you know II did listen a rather small
town yes we have a doctor up at the
castle
Oh maybe we do let's leave it our dead
first and then local well we'll see what
we can go yes does your doctor make
house calls or would we need to bring
her and I'd have to ask my father but
look I would be happy to host you at the
castle it's the least I could do I mean
first of all I don't want to say this
too loudly but I I'm not sure you want
to sleep in this establishment and I'm
sure he says a loudly enough parts under
here is that the guy's name would be
pissed off she missed an opportunity to
wake up in a castle I think we should
take him up on his offer I had great
again we wanted to get into the castle
anyway yeah okay we're good so oh that
sir that is such a generous offer
and we were gonna take you up on it it's
let's let's let's carry her you guys
don't care yeah yeah oh there's no need
for that I'll call for the call oh okay
hmm
so he he goes up to the lien keep and he
says Jeremy would you be a dear and call
the car around thank you so what
happened to her
oh she a faith fainted she fainted
outside at least stuff like my jacket
under her head or something yeah that's
laying on the floor yeah okay Homans huh
yeah yeah just keep checking on her he
is she going to wake up yeah yes yeah
yeah she's she's still breathing
she's still her she's a little her eyes
are a little unresponsive but as far as
I can tell she's still breathing she's
normally breathing but she's no she's
not okay
you know breathing normally is what you
meant has she been drugged
Oh what no no no no no we will no she
the Vicki does have lovely tea but I
don't he wouldn't drug anyone you see
have you experienced someone fainting
well I I have I have not but they tell
oh don't call it fainting you see people
who faint gait regain consciousness
rather quickly or there's substantial
danger to them well we're gonna keep her
covered and and and well well we
definitely will well I guess we should
say that don't use the services yes yes
yes well they're not obscene yosity I
just tug at the headrest to see you oh
oh if it comes on make a power roll ha
not happily Oh happen yeah I got a five
Oh
what was that about leaving things to
the dice I didn't expect okay it
happened though your fault you maybe
make the wheel you want the headdress to
come off or not I don't know should I
roll the dice odd-even we could vote on
it oh do you want to vote no you rolled
the dice positive miss your nose stays
on odds it comes off alright so make me
a luck roll now come on you got a
control room laughs yes now the whole
thing's getting trails again yeah no all
right you reach down and originally
you're just like I'm just gonna give it
a little tug and it slips right off
mm-hmm
and you have a strong compunction to put
this thing on you three make me spot
hidden roles failed success gonna be
aided by me saying oh dear God God ain't
hard alright you both you both see like
Silvano just reaches down and like seems
surprised when the headdress comes off
and now he's sort of just standing there
staring at the headdress oh okay I'll
take care of that we've talked about
this I'm just trying to honed we've
talked about that I mean you're you're
saying I have a compulsion but I would
internally have a different compulsion
outwards it might make a power rule no
no I am sorry I'm sorry for being aiming
not bulletins oh my god it might make it
I've got a 50-50 chance I make it yeah
all right another critical you are just
on the line
I need my pal Wow you feel this strong
compunction and there's like the first
twitch of your hand but you fight it off
there is just like an overwhelming urge
to put it on and then you fight it off
and it's gone
oh I'm good yep I'm gonna wrap it in
something I'm gonna pull a little drawer
I grab the jacket and I just ball it up
okay and she'd nothing no twitches no
have no reaction
oh let's thinking it was said Vayne is
very confused by what we are - honestly
I want to make sure she was comfortable
so we took off the head dress that she
was wearing any and that thing that just
well and at this point there's a hunk
outside actually it's Martha
yeah the old style honking and you go
outside and when he said car this is
like one of those old-school like the
seats are outside the wheels are like
wagon wheels almost this is vane leg
pulls these goggles down amazing the guy
who brought it is this is dressed
clearly as a butler and vane says Thank
You Tidwell that would be enough I'm
going to take my new friends here to the
castle that you can walk back of Kohl's
so maybe we should get our belongings I
was just thinking that we haven't had a
chance to unpack so we can just run and
grab them yes all right
chop chop let's go only so much petrol
well let's go think said yeah all right
all right yeah I'm gonna well they're
loading I'm gonna soak at least one of
you is like on the running board of this
thing probably two of you on either side
I have the highest dexterity I probably
won't fall off although those are famous
law words the only way you'd fall off of
this thing is if you let go cuz fair you
heard you're going about 20 miles and
any man's got you got you got you got
you so as you as you start to go up hill
to the castle even slower mm-hmm all
right so I'm couple of us are gonna run
inside and like grab a carpetbagger come
back out
lighters everything we're talking yeah
vs you as you run up to the rooms the
guy goes you paid in advance we know
right so I'm coming down I'll carry at
least mine and Emmas stuff yeah yep
someone grabs all right Coco so yeah you
have this heavy
what are you having here I won't ask
rocks probably receipts he won't be here
in spirit into in perpetuity The Rifles
calls to you also not to derail but
didn't we still have inspiration no way
yes that's right thank you I've done
this before
I mean staring at me overflowing you
have for yeah I don't I mean of course
so we have you have for from our last
session I'm not counting from the one
shot and and we had four left over from
the one shot if it's been a bunch into
the book of inspiration yes yes you have
four left over from last time thank you
Sarah works out right on all right so
yeah you begin the the longer than you
would expect drive to Castle vain the
butler is he walking beside the car 25
miles an hour so you had I'd love that
though up the hill up this road up the
hill to the castle mm-hmm it is a little
ways from there it is
it is a castle it is cred elations 'mom
it has seen better days
but it is still a it is still a lovely
castle been to who
which so you're UK ish ish and you're UK
UK and United States you know you can
both make me marry and roll history
roles you're gonna need a heart success
I have five percent him forty it's a
physical ahead alright
nope everything's fine so that's my foot
but you know would I be able to see like
what Eric came from or anything oh sure
yeah you can make a history or are
you I'm gonna do it
yeah I'm let's go with an archaeology
role for you okay
oh yeah alright done yeah all right so
what's clear to you is that this castle
has is it's old but it's been rebuilt
several times mmm there are pieces that
are older pieces that are newer and now
it it looks more like a Victorian Manor
these days
and it's been it's been definitely
retooled although it still has
crenellations and it still has very much
a castle feel to it and yeah you you
also get with that you know this was
clearly this was built because it
overlooks the village you know this was
in its in its day this was a defensive
kick this was a you know Lord of all I
survey castle sort of places you're up
on the hill you're about I don't know
five hundred feet above the above the
hamlet so you have a lovely view of
everything for instance you can see a
very familiar Hill as you go up this
hill to your left is the hill where you
found that cave interesting mam mam tor
cuz I'm tight so yeah you you come up
and when he gets to the gate oh yeah
look at and like to to to like stewards
come and open the door and the putters
in and
the the head man the head the head
butler is waiting and vain will tell him
to prepare you rooms and he says very
good saw and he will lead you to the
second floor so you come in there is a
there's a foil a when you come in
immediately and you'll notice that
inside again this place has been redone
so the inside is mostly wood now it is
it is it's nice that's you know but it's
not like this is not like fu money this
is you know it's it's nice but there's
not like you know gold leaf everywhere
and that sort of thing it's and you'll
go and they'll take you up to the second
floor each of you has your own bedroom
everybody on the second floor make me a
listen roll 65 oh yes regular regular
extreme success that's what I was
looking for so with an extreme success
you here on the same floor a woman
crying mmm I'm gonna see if I can like
with it without without giving myself
away see it and see if I can track about
which direction it's coming from we're
gonna heave-ho him on I need to look at
a stat block real quick
[Applause]
okay actually I'm gonna give a
disadvantage on that role because you
have some experience in disguising
things like that it doesn't matter okay
uh you so you come up the stairs it's
one of those you know double stairways
up your rooms are to the right the
servant will show you each to your rooms
Emma's room when when she goes in vain
is already there with a gentleman that
you presume as the doctor I'm just from
the black bag and vein I think we're
going to leave her in the care of the
doctor I'd like to stay and and and see
if we can we can help it all make me a
persuade role or you know if you have a
charm or an I guess if you want to
intimidate you can try that yeah I don't
really have those I have enough persuade
hard oh but I did die did get a good way
hard success alright sure yeah of
course
if you he'll take your bag and he'll put
it in your room and then he's gonna
close the door and oh he'll he'll
actually heat so you three he'll say
dinner is it six do freshen up before
dinner certainly thank you thank you
did you bring any more appropriate dress
dressing for dinner not really I'm
afraid we were not it we were not
expecting the kindness of your
hospitality
where
I do have a jacket and they call it
shirts and well that's a start and I
should just tell you that my my father
is a an old-fashioned man a
traditionalist yes
well very well I shall I shall make sure
the doctor takes care of your friend
and if you need anything just pull the
rope in your room all right thank you
very much and then he will go off he
will come in briefly too after that come
into the room and he'll tell you that
dinner is at 6:00 and that you should
dress appropriately and and then he will
helps to ask the doctor how she is and
the doctor will say I've never seen
anything like this and that will be
pretty much the sum total of what the
doctor does this whole time is just
being very confused at how someone is
entirely stable but utterly
non-responsive all right I'm what time
is it about for thought for for 4:30
shirt time is a construct well how long
until dinner okay that's it about an
hour yeah all right once I have my
things set down in in my room and
arrange in a more or less agreeable
arrangement I'm just like I have nothing
to wear to dinner and this is annoying
but I'm gonna like stick my head out
into the hall and see if anyone is out
there because I'm about to see if I can
track down that crime there's no one in
the hall okay so I'm gonna come out and
just like make my quiet way toward it
toward that end and see if I can still
yes barreling all right so you are the
night mm-hmm
you creep across the lush carpeting of
this of this thing and you get to the
junction with the stairway mm-hmm and
you know you glance down and there's
there's nobody there and so you continue
across
and in this hallway there are two doors
on each side mm-hmm and the crying which
is much fainter but you've got a great
role so you can still hear it the crying
is in the farthest on the left okay
I'm it's now more like sniffling okay
I'm gonna get a little bit closer and
see if I can discern anything else from
the sounds no it's just the sounds of a
young woman sniffling hmm I'm gonna tap
very lightly on the door that says I
shouldn't have done that
a werewolf jumps out lawrence is that
you no I'm I'm not Lawrence this my
name is Alexandria I'm I'm a guest of
Lawrence how can I help you oh I I heard
some some distressing noises down here
and I wanted to see if everything was
all right
everything's fine Alexander doesn't
Twitter that quite as much as Tiana
doesn't fair enough all right well I I
apologize for disturbing you all of this
is happening through it closed like the
door hasn't even opened up yeah I didn't
figure would you do me a favor if I can
certainly would you try to open this
door is it locked
I don't know all right
you know like look look at the door
Hannah because I've had some bad
experiences with doors all right what
are you looking for anything that
looks like a symbol that I might have
seen before or barring that like
something weird about the door handle
okay what do we call this let's say a
spot hidden roll sure
nope credited a fumble in fact was it it
was a 97 was it yes all right
I go from doing so well hmm Andrea I
love you but your dice have betrayed me
okay
flashes gold on the door hmm and make a
con roll - ha no yeah it was there so
you three can make listen rolls okay we
can do you wanna show me it's 1069 as
well simple the symbols on the door nope
I'm in the shower
all right so there is a distinct sort of
noise mm-hmm and you go flying backwards
oh oh okay and you take two points of
damage
great Wow and we didn't hear that
no no that's what that role was for it
was all the way down the other end of
the corridor gonna miss the professor
shouldn't have you know turned on her
radio miss do you have electricity
hooked up to the door or something
what's what sort of question is that is
the door locked or not I couldn't tell
you when I touched it it threw me
backwards I see are you going to dinner
yes well I suppose I'll see you there
then probably I'm the one with the short
red hair it's supposed to be long red
hair yep all right are you or any of you
doing anything before dinner
I'll just those freshen up a bit than
wait for the others I'm not drinking
so sobering up yeah trying to go through
all my clothes and see if there's
something that would be more appropriate
there must be an afternoon tea before
dinner not a list yeah oh we've missed
it before yeah well I got some to the
picker though so yeah sanity you did
drink the tea yeah I'm gonna freshen up
as best I can
limping a little bit from new bruises
yes yes okay so you come out at 6
o'clock and the Tidwell is there and the
butler and he will lead you down stairs
to a I mean grand is probably a
exaggeration but a lovely dining hall um
it's a you know it's a table that could
be probably set for a dozen and sitting
there are Lauren's vain at the head of
the table a gentleman that you assume is
Lord vain hmm he's never stand up it's
Ellison I should use like clips or
something I don't know drinking - oh yes
he has that we go and a young lady
who you will come to find his Eloise
vane Eloise and you are everybody make
me a credit rating rule yes oh wow this
is zero one zero eight I got a five then
I succeeded but only Nike I said see
don't worry I got paid I needed but only
Jeff finds success yeah like you were
expecting Lord vane to be kind of snooty
and standoffish but seems he seems to
you know like warm to you immediately
there we can we can put em on the board
in her bed so he will introduce himself
Lord Arthur Vayne MP he is he is a local
member he's a sorry not MP he is a peer
so he's a member of the House of Lords
and when he says that you know you to
being from England you're like oh yeah
that name sounds familiar kind of an
inconsequential you know one of those
Lords that is a lord but but no one pays
any attention to him yeah I'm not really
the slave in vain nah not really
politically advantageous but this is the
First Lord I've been person though so
yeah very nice still would be pretty
impressive yeah yes you get over it
pretty quickly and I take it you've
already met my son Lawrence pride of my
life he is boy yes good boy very very
kind young man and the the key to my
heart my beautiful daughter Eloise oh
nice to meet you it really make a
psychology book no you have an advantage
I do zero to I don't know what to do a
few people get a little well well so you
two didn't work success you to say close
them she is to you obviously sad like
there's a sadness in her eyes that just
can't be can't be disguised and when
when you know when lord vane introduces
her and that sort of things she she's
very politely smiles and nods but she
doesn't offer a lot the professors so
you both got like critical successes on
the credit rate Oh
yeah mmm yes yes not just a car I just
got a higher credit I don't know how my
credit has been only going down I'm a
stud I introduced myself as an
accountant or something like oh oh yes
okay there you go you work so he's gonna
have you sit next to Eloise Oh money
mmm-hmm so Josh and and he like you know
since Zoe when you were when you first
come in all the other chairs for you
guys were at the other end of the table
but like as soon as vane takes a liking
to you he like has the pull the chairs
in closer and he's like he's like you
what was your name again
Oh Savano Silvano is that Italian yes
well always go down to European around
you should sit by my daughter here
Eloise
this is Silvano mr. Acosta mr. Koster
you know you don't want to you know what
the lady's getting too familiar so what
brings you luck to my little town no I'm
investigating a local legend and
actually that's what's very interesting
is we had heard a story that a an
interesting artifact was recovered at
this castle not that long ago it was a
round stone in the shape of a circle
that had an old Celtic or a rune of some
sort carved upon it and then I got the
shape of a star and that was very
intriguing to us it was supposedly
located here in Castle Bain but there's
also an interesting story about a crazy
monster that was terrorizing the village
that we thought was somewhat fasting
enough that we might want to hear the
story and visit this lovely hamlet for a
day or so all right everybody can make
psychology rolls again holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I made
it if anybody gets a hard success let me
know I just shocked that I got it not
a Harvard zero six would be below it ten
so that's that's a hard success right
all right so with a regular success you
will see anybody you gotta make your
success you notice that Lawrence like
has a visible reaction to when you start
talking about the monster know and
whereas Lord Vayne is just like
perplexed and like oh that old saw oh no
but it's its mark of art that's not the
only reason you came to our lovely town
because I'm here to tell you you're
gonna be very disappointed
Tommy took care of whatever that thing
was it was a wolf well that's what we've
been told as well but we're I'm
personally I was much more fascinating
with the artifact and recovered exactly
archaeological significance of actually
brought my notes with me because the
artifact came from here so I pull out I
hope they don't read my notes but I have
the drawing so you're gonna like pull
out the show on the picture that picture
yeah Lord Vayne doesn't even look
he's just like whoops I've really got no
time for him and what I look like
Lawrence will look at you and go hmm
okay pulling back hmm
it was it was an interesting enough
story that we were that we were Kerry as
soon wasn't too far out of our way and
what's all this I hear around some woman
asleep upstairs one of your one of your
compatriots is too drunk to come to
dinner
oh no she's ill oh my I'm terribly sorry
I forgive me I hope that that useless
doctor is seeing her he's he's taking
care of her yeah yeah no I i sat with
him for a little while to make sure you
know interaction and you know he was
still making a credit rating role yes
okay tell me what's your estimation of
that doctor
P seems like he did an examination I
would can't tell you how thorough but
okay you know I would have to see more
okay d6 to subtract from alright nice
try was good so yeah he just said that's
that's like all she says and she is you
know she's not really talking much at
all what follows is a five-course meal
yeah it's like hmm yeah there is a a
lovely a lovely dinner and that's been a
minute since I've been at a dinner like
this oh yes there are don't get invited
to too many of these Tim I start with a
soup course and then there's a salad and
then there's a fish course
there's more
course Oh Yosef these small amounts you
won't get through everybody gets it
tight you go man I didn't think that and
then a pie course pie of course it would
be favored in chef Gordon and then
finally a beef course and and wine all
throughout oh my god the grad students
actually getting enough food for yes
save it all up and then you got such a
good role in the credit rating Lord vain
will invite you all for cigars and
brandy oh all of us are just urges the
gentleman knows all right husband his
name been eating she eats a little of
everything
mm-hmm make a I'm really just trying to
figure out what the affliction is yeah
make a spot hidden role that's a sixty
okay that's a sixty there was cheesecake
or Rachel wants to know there is you
just file away for future reference that
she eats a little bit of everything but
um it looks like she is most interested
in the meat course she's not a werewolf
no this werewolf's wouldn't eat pie says
the werewolf Almanac please write that
there wouldn't be pie we should Thomas
is really the expert oh yeah and you
would why he don't know where wouldn't
eat pie what was the guy's name Jim
what's that who is the guy who is the
werewolf once again are I missed I
missed the werewolf unfortunately you
didn't it was not fun
regeneration is sucks Oh
No okay so yeah you you he'll he'll
invite you all to the salon and you know
he'll he'll make a show of like you know
Lawrence will come with you Eloise
excuses herself and heads upstairs good
night miss vane of course and her
brother goes up with her
mm actually and Lord vain brings you all
in the parlor and he says wow it's you
know it's a I'm a man of I'm a modern
man ladies join us won't you
deeply appreciated milord thank you I'll
pour out the Brandi and Brandon if you
want a cigar there is a cigar now a
dummy like this what you're gonna make a
con roll isn't the cigar Oh
just didn't I just don't don't inhale it
just in the mouth which part make my
Chanyeol no I'll show you show him out
of smoky you don't show him how to not
inhale it don't inhale yeah also but not
to enjoy something if I told inhale then
what do I do
just in your mouth you taste it it's to
just look at you I know I show as an
example okay I walk boy it would only
give these I'll see other car roll for
this 50 is a success all right all right
so you managed to without with without
much coughing smoke your first cigar Wow
it's terrible dude what a smiles a
terrible smell no no these are great
cigars but for him it's terrible that's
I'm just gonna sit on the other side of
the I don't do that
I'm gonna keep keep working on all right
yeah yeah this is what we sit on the
brandy but yes Randy politely decline a
cigar yes he'll offer cigarettes if
you'd prefer that sound like a 10 pack a
day mm-hmm well you know so that
ridiculous beast nonsense it was a wolf
of some sort that tummy tummy shot it
out there and I'm he's taking care of it
I certainly hope
that there's not a lot of rot going on
in London about the beasts of lesser
Edale they're really really only in the
yellow papers and who trusts those
mm-hmm what drew our attention was
actually the the symbol that we were
told about the oh yes I'm not I'm not
much of a book man myself don't really
know what you said it was well it was
IRA glyphic so some rot maybe Celtic
enlargen yeah but a starship symbol on a
circular piece of stone perhaps about
yay big I actually have it I'm not sure
the real one to him it's been my
belongings hmm he's like he's visibly
losing interest as healing and do you
recall where it was recovered what's
that
it was recovering in his castle oh yeah
staring the gentleman yes this kind of
stuff guys where was more of our
traveler we believe on us here not the
Beast the Beast was more about what we
where we've been and you know been
traveling have you have we have you what
sort of exciting things have you shot is
that Africa yes just to kind of parrot
make a big Nia shot is a parent very
sharp well well well they're keeping him
busy I'm gonna lean over to Joseph and
and st. will ask Lawrence I mean Lauren
estate is more in tune and assist I'll
be talking to her yeah yeah
Lord Lord Vayne is ridiculously easy to
distract and they took him about tell
them about the digs I've been on and you
know the bones that I've
found and there is no there's no guile
to this man there is no like there's no
there's no depth to this man he's
utterly surface sweet he's knees a
puddle well then I can tell him about
Jersey I've been to Jersey New Jersey in
an old Jersey oh well yeah yeah no I've
never been to America don't care for it
colonists huh I know all I need to know
about America I learned in 1782 far
enough but still it's a nice place
really is well we we certainly thank you
for all you did for us in the Great War
mmm your your dough boys were solid
fighters and really made the difference
and we greatly appreciate the sacrifice
of all European young men fighting in
the name of right in what surely was the
war to end all wars
one can only hope I'm pretty sure we've
all learned our lesson all right so yeah
he'll about after about 10 minutes of
utterly superficial conversation about
things he's shot and like telling you
about the bear that is stuffed and his
you know that is the rug actually in his
Lawrence will come will come down mm-hmm
and he'll see them as they are Larry old
boy good to see you come join us join us
of course father and you know there's
this this is my heir the heir to all of
a deal and actually father that's not
how it works anymore I'm the heir to
your titles but that's all the world
moves
by this time it's 9 o'clock incredibly
the three of you that went to the cave
mm-hmm makes me make me power roll oh no
[Laughter]
no yes I got a critical success
oh good is a and 11 all right you get a
super brief whiff of that smell again
set charnel smell hmm and because so you
got a critical yeah make me a spot
hidden with advantage did just shy of a
critical success you got a heart
successful yeah yeah all right nice
there there is a noticeable silhouette
at the window like outside okay like
turn my head a little bit to see it out
of the corner of my eye without is
leaded glass uh-huh you can't really see
anything through it what kind of a shape
is it like a big shape is it a small
humanoid shape you got a hard success
yeah it's at least person sized it's a
big person thank you than anybody else
no or for a while yourself shoot hmm I
think I'm going to stand up and and look
at Joan and say well this has been a
very a very lovely evening but we I
would like to retire it's been rather a
long day oh of course
do you need Tidwell to show you up I
know I remember where my room is just
join me yes yes it's time yes thank you
so much it's a very strange way to leave
a room it's time did women never
understood him
stop Brandy's
understand so as soon as soon as we are
outside of the other smoking room and
you know we refer far enough away that I
don't think you know one can easily
overhear us I'm gonna like lean over to
Joan and say there was something outside
the window and I smelled that smell
again that terrible smell shoot should
we go for a walk I don't want to go
outside got the calendar mm-hmm
the new moon but it's not anywhere near
the full moon it was like a week and a
half full moon and if this thing only
attacks on the full moon then you know
maybe it's a little bit safer but I'm
hesitant to go come maybe if we go
upstairs we can look down mmm let's step
outside for a breath of fresh air and
see what we can see clear our heads yes
not getting too far from the door
perfect so you going out the front door
yes the other front door and just
stepping out until you get to the front
flips tidwell seemingly out of nowhere
materializes behind you can i hopeyou
Madame's we were just stepping outside
for a quick breath of fresh air clear
our head you know look guys in the
smoking in the room the cigar smoke got
to be a little onerous for us yes and
the patios in your rooms are not
sufficient we thought we would have a
moment out here before going up to him
to bed of course ma'am and he disappears
mm-hmm like watch that and then hmm okay
I have something to tell you later but I
it's always a bit early so we're gonna
some we're gonna step outside but I'm
gonna like have my hand on the doorknob
so doesn't close completely behind us
all right which we should check to see
if it's locked during so we're being
paranoid
yes so you have to leave the doorstep to
be able to see
where that window was that window is in
the courtyard of the castle when it's
around the corner basically and you two
are just like are they leaving a friend
you're a very short walk and I'm gonna
like because I came because I would have
made sure that I had at least a knife on
me like a security knife almost anybody
else I'd make take a look roll yeah you
know you security knife yeah I just
always do yep yeah
well well we'll take a little walk
around the edge of it and heading
towards that window yeah but not like at
the window how much you tell me well
you're gonna so again you're gonna have
to go around the building the window is
like on one edge of the right but we
don't want to be like crashing through
hedges or anything like that there's a
there's a path all the way around
sweet sweet yes whoa stay on that path
okay let's do me and the path so you you
walk around and make us are you quiet
what do you are you I mean I'm on alert
because there was something outside the
what she says she she okay make a
stealth roll all that just heal all that
just got Alexander make it since she's
probably good a little bit more not a
lot more holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] got a three there you
go I think I made it alright for both of
us yeah I had like this aura of quiet
you are the Knights islands ten-foot
radius has been cast yeah basically you
will you come around the corner are you
what are you like are you just gonna
come around the corner are you peeking
so if I if
no orderlies have an idea that this is
the the window that I would have seen
the person or thing outside of I would
like pause and peek okay and without
like stepping in alter all the way make
so it's dark mm-hmm
not a lot of shadows with not much moon
and you know it feels like from the room
there are sort of dancing shadows all
around so there's a lot of movement but
it feels like maybe something moved like
around away from you
mm-hmm like something heard us and ran
possibly okay hmm
I'll tell you in a moment
we are stalking or being stalked that's
just what you do in that situation
and then I'm gonna likely noise her
crazy yes we are truly I'm gonna lean
over to Joan and say very quietly but
not I'm not gonna whisper for the sake
of the podcast listeners I don't know if
we want to pursue this thing because an
animal that's cornered can get dangerous
it's still here whatever it is whatever
it is there's something not and your
crowbar 'less you needed your dinner
how far is like the corner of the
building from where we are worried where
did that so you come around this you're
just yet there's about let's see about
fifty feet of building mm-hmm oh well so
and then it's the back of the house all
right I want to continue on a little bit
further to look around the corner of the
house and then I think we turned back
yeah they'll be looking for us at that
point
okay at some point yes all right all
right you you creep up to where the
window is mm-hmm not at the window don't
want the rest ready and both of you make
me a con with oh no no nice little party
I rolled a hundred yes you did yes so
well before you used up all your - this
is clear light happen next
so this is why you don't make on roads
you don't make nut rolls
I know I do make luck rules they don't
succeed so the camera sees you two like
sneaking up did you make the roll
no okay just barely not as bad as that
Thanks like the camera sort of stays
with you as you move forward and in the
background you see Alexandra stop it's
like smell and they just immediately get
ill yeah you had a concentrated blast
death smell mm-hmm it smells like you
know somebody left
somebody killed someone who had eaten a
tuna fish sandwich cut out their stomach
and left it sitting here for two weeks
on the radiator oh yeah
[Laughter]
and you can't control you know five
courses come out on top you know it's a
race to see which of course makes it out
first and you are not like you know
there's no stealth there's no nothing
none of you can make listen rolls Lord
vain utterly no yeah oh right saintly
no you today where we gagging when we
came out of the cave
well you've heard it other time yes yeah
you you you actually can differentiate
between a couple of your party members
vomiting sounds everyone is different
you can hear a little bit of the voice
in the sound yes you guys are going fast
but you distinctly hear Alexandra
losing five courses of dinner Oh does
that window open yeah oh gods am i right
next to the window you're like yeah that
was where this I was trying not to get
now to the window no you're like no you
know you're know yeah they're about five
feet out from the window you're always
trying to get further out just out of
the light well there's only so much
space there but and as soon as the smart
smell hit you were just like yeah but
you're you don't think the window opens
okay and no one else is reacting hi I'm
gonna step out for just that I've to use
the restroom Oh Lawrence will will give
you like overwrought direction of you
know which he'll be like no not that
restroom you'll want to use the other
one far better okay and you you head out
and you see the front door is slightly
ajar yeah trot a bit alright so as soon
as you get to the front door
Tidwell materializes out of nowhere oh
my god hi joining your compatriots on
the walk sir oh yes very good sir do you
require a torch sir
oh yes one moment sir
Tom Tidwell disappears how many like oh
ten at ten
okay yeah he is not back okay all right
all right and you start to head around
are you moving quietly are you okay
those would be a long way my sound is
just not enough to draw their attention
yeah yep you clearly hear her like
just start reading yeah I mean try not
to know you didn't notice the smell no
no but I'm trying so you come around
that corner why about the same time
Joan is sort of you two meet at
Alexandra he's like on her knees there
okay
just do it surely pathway vomiting
I'd make the stupid mistake of then
smelly ha ha ha make me a con well yes
we have inspiration oh yeah yeah you get
a tiniest whiff oh yeah that's
unpleasant it's it was like being hit
with a bullet of that smell ask me why I
know what a bullet feels like or don't
yes fine if I didn't get up brushing my
knees I was very pissed off yeah I'll
look around really quick you don't see
anything well I mean is it is it gone
yes I think so it was here it was there
was something outside the window that's
all of it let's you have to go back
let's get away from the window go back
let's go back yes so you go back yeah
Tidwell is standing on the front porch
with a flashlight with like you know one
of those like car battery flashlights
things and he just shines the light on
you as you're coming forward could you
not please thank you all right
it isn't how
it is now got a little lost but our
friend can find us so we're good madam
yes please in your room madam would be
deeply appreciated mr. Ted well thank
you as you wish and he like as he
disappears click and then received and
he always recedes backwards into the
shadow all he needs is a hedge to
disappear and I'll actually use the
bathroom just because it'll be weird if
I have to again later now I can pass the
polygraph I'm gonna say to Savano before
we split off when when when you when you
come up for bed knock on my door I have
a few things I need to tell everyone ok
but so you're gonna go back he is that
all oh yeah ok and I'm gonna go up to my
room so you come in Mac and I Nusa is
finishing some incredibly long and drawn
out story that Lord Vayne like stopped
listening to like he's just like
admiring his cigar but Lawrence seems to
be listening and seems to be engaging
and that sort of thing yeah so you go up
to your room about five minutes later
there's a tab at your door mm-hmm I
haven't changed out of mine I haven't
changed into a nightgown yawns I'm gonna
go to the dorm
alright when you open the door there's
just a silver platter on the ground with
a spritzer on it yeah that'll help and
pick it up gently push the train to the
side of the door so I don't step on it
if I come out in the middle of the night
and yes so about an hour after you go
back lord vane signals the end of the
festivities and by say well you know
this has been bracing so good to talk to
you chaps but I think it's time we all
called it a night something early to bed
early to rise thank you very much for
your hospitality and these wonderful
cigars indeed and for a brandy
yes brandy and a spectacular host well
you're very kind you're very kind and
you're you're welcome to stay
as long as your friend needs to have
medical care and perhaps you should
consider taking her to London if this if
this situation continues yeah well let
me know I can I can talk to someone
about expediting some train
transportation well good night gentlemen
not to you my Lawrence will you show
them off of course you you know that
either his bedroom is on the first floor
or he's going to like a study or
something for an office I came over to
your room and I'm in my nightgown
Poinsettia not sit on the bed drinking
my spritzer
yeah Commandos yep this is Lawrence lead
us back to our room the gentlemen always
stay late so in the in the the lounge
where you guys were as soon as like
Lawrence is like at the door watching
his father disappear OH
makes you find papers tell me where did
you find that stone well I didn't
personally find it I was informed that
it was located at this castle but I was
not informed where and it is such a
unique and unusual piece of history
well you're curious about the origin
perhaps or are there others like it
would be an interesting fine
I paid someone a great deal of money for
tell me do you believe in curses
I guess the vein family is cursed
oh and that symbol that protective
symbol was my attempt to save my sister
from this curse hmm and it didn't work
and if the curse is of a world be and it
also requires well anyhow um
howhow did you what okay what curse how
did you try to use it you see the curse
of the vane family his goes back
hundreds of years
this story is that a lord vain in the
1300s many veins ago in 1608 lady
Evangeline vane gave testimony at the
trial of two women accused witches
here's to being witches and she the
evidence that she gave led to their
sentencing and their their death and one
of the witches put the mark of the beast
on all the daughters of the vain family
and since that time there have been very
few daughters of the vain family but all
of them have succumbed to this curse and
most of them live reclusive lives oh do
they smell like rotting meat and they
become reclusive do they live in the
cave on I what was the name of the mat
mount orator yeah no okay I mean yes but
no so yes to the smelling like rotted
meat huh my my beloved sister when she
goes through her transformation does
indeed smell like rotted meat but she
doesn't live in ma'am tour in fact as
long she usually stays here but she
tries to get out and that's where the
if there's a curse that happens on a
nightly basis or just once every full
moon no every night she becomes
something awful at midnight
hmm what time is it now it's about 11:00
no okay
and I commissioned someone to create
that piece I have one I don't wish to
alarm you gentlemen but I hired someone
who styled themselves a wizard to create
a protective seal on my sister's door
after what was what is her name
I'm mr. Crowley ah nice and I
commissioned this other piece from mr.
Crowley at no small expense
it's too nice to be paid to come to
limit her access to her patio when she
transforms she is quite quite strong and
wishes nothing so much as to leave the
house hmm
so why are you telling us this I'm
guessing you're looking for that stone
yes it seemed to be somewhat effective I
don't know why the one that was on her
patio disappeared but I'm hoping you you
seem like wordly gentlemen who have
experienced some things and you know for
instance of that symbol and I'm hoping
that perhaps you can help my sister it's
worth a shot I wish to be clear with
language like that that helping my
sister does not involve shooting her in
any way yeah we don't have any guns so I
think oh well I don't have you every can
oh that's right Donald's not here why I
forget this so why would you think that
well I I was with MS she had no weapons
whatsoever and of course I don't have
any kind
hmm oh I guess anyhow she was she was
cursed by which in the year 1608 my
sister is living under a curse that
occurred in sixth of course left the
family was cursed yes someone else might
have removed the stone I'm curious if we
know more about these witches and the
origin of the curse hmm is there some
sort of a repository of history perhaps
Celtic lore or their other witchcraft we
added the vicar might know more mm yeah
if we could if we could delve into the
curse determine what it was that made it
and see perhaps there's a way to reverse
the curse look anyway I don't know if
anything better than the Elder Sign but
and I'm not doing that anytime soon is
that what's that's cold
hmm hmm mr. Crowley called it Crowley's
protective circle huh well that's very
self aggrandizing
he surely didn't come up with was a
circle itself it's been it's an audition
yeah through centuries of millennia well
I have a feeling that perhaps you can
help me but again I wish to reiterate
because not shoot your sister yes we we
love Eloise very much and if you do not
have a solution we will learn to live
with her situation oh I guess she could
be contained but let us we'll delve into
this this curse I think we might be able
to find something so she can get out to
her patio right now is what you're
saying
well it isn't blocked how but she's
quite determined
okay well we'll want to look into that
tomorrow yes let's let's plan on
discussing tomorrow hmm
sounds good he starts to leave you guys
upstairs and he goes to the left and he
will point out to you from there he'll
go like this is my sister's room observe
and
he like draws his hand across the door
and all of a sudden in bright gold you
see an elder sign on the door and then
he goes into the door next door
impressive and you hear his door lock
yeah
did you tell us to meet yes okay then I
would remember that we need to make a
brand new role oh you can make a
Intelligence role bumble that was the
football face and I was the fumble face
all right you're no inspiration so
you start to to go away and Yusuf's like
didn't they say to meet maybe ok can I
can I hear them out in the hall so yeah
we're there okay yeah I'm gonna come in
like open the door and be like hey
[Laughter]
you're at you're in your pajamas yes and
you're very comfortable it's okay for us
her head and goes and grabs a dressing
gun and throws it over her nightgown
better that's better
Oh my chaperone still worried bright
well we've heard some very interesting
things to see there yeah so have I you
go first so of course the the daughter
Eloise is cursed they're all the females
of the family been cursed for at least
400 years and the current happened but
eight 1608 I believe is the origin of
the hearse then we were told of course
this by witches witches at heart of the
beast actually we have actual werewolves
I think what this might be a werewolf
situation no but she changes every
evening just before moving every Samet
yeah and she unfortunately when the
I have in my possession was removed from
this castle she had access to leave the
castle at that point and and killed many
of the local villagers I think the one
that we found is another descendent I
think you're right because I think she
might have removed the sign to help well
maybe I I wouldn't rule that out but
wait you found another one
found another what another the bane film
I mean someone of the somebody we could
study yes he described when we were in
the tales we told you about that no we
didn't oh we haven't had a chance yet
yeah
what's going on Wow yes we we we went up
to the caves of Montague mom tour and we
Joan free you said you felt a pole on
those yes yes so I used the the crooks
in that and the on the oak to be able to
track ha why would you drag her stripe
with that why would those truck ever
occurs it doesn't quite follow well
maybe maybe it's those energy maybe it
maybe maybe it's similar energy where
it's you know the dark like like cause
like it doesn't speak well for those
staffs the last person that we saw using
them prior to us was what is his name
Gavin Gavin yeah evil so you took those
from Gavigan well we we acquired them
reacquired them just it needed to be you
stole those from I was slowly back but
we needed to take those from him okay
that's still stealing no I
wired disarming him before he could use
them to kill us always the substance but
it's like taking a knife out of
someone's hand and they're trying to
stab no so he really wasn't that good of
a person he was
and I don't know what he is in with
those those items but those work is to
begin with where did he acquire those is
the question probably somewhere in Egypt
yeah it was a good question we haven't
been able to do that research yet but
I'm
oh no we when we were at this point
well I've lost how dr. H climate visa
yeah yeah to before might have been one
of the sites where he found something
dr. Clive is one of the that's one of
the expeditions that the pen you
foundation is currently funding this
rise so we sometime we might actually
want to look at which location is either
I just use that well didn't get more
information than that it's it's smaller
than the entire country I what if I
could go back to the foundation and find
the records and nobody I get where they
were found
hmm maybe there's some a trail of some
sort what let's focus that's focus right
now we have so few to deal with it
forget us right there's more than one
female of the vein name we believe
better still alive well and it's
interesting to me because they said that
the attacks of this beast were every
full moon but you're telling me that
Eloise changes every night every night
so it's only been three attacks so if
there's another one that one also
changes every night and we should lock
our doors and windows
mm-hmm I was gonna push something in
front of the window well I mean
obviously yeah oh well I don't have much
to add to that I heard Eloise I have one
really bad idea
all right everything I coma we need
someone to have a bad idea so you
believe no one said just one thought it
was loud parent didn't do that headrests
has knowledge you know taught Emma
spells in my name hearse if source put
it on yes yes speak from beyond a higher
power communicating with with with a
that and staves no I know we agreed that
we were not going to have the staves and
the headdress with the same person so if
you want the headdress I'm going to have
to take the staves I'll take the stove's
someone take the staves I could read
them I'm sorry I mean ha ha ha that
regardless leave their mine
I mean we move they're too powerful to
have with the same person they will
overwhelm someone I admire for a second
the Baroness is handiwork
it is brilliant you're not all amazing
so if we put it on anyone I hope they
all have to choose the person it will
completely overtake me
it would probably overtake you have to
be the right vessel for it to
communicate with you can't just choose
anyone
she seems you know I'm right I think
[Laughter]
this is this is so we should go to bed
right now but it's something to sleep on
I agree and in the meantime where is the
headdress he has it it's wrapped up in
various things you buried at the bottom
of a wardrobe to know that I have seen
under a pile of guns well you have guns
oh yes we can't shoot her yes without or
do we ensure that we wouldn't shoot her
alright alright depends on whether or
not the one chasing us is Elouise it
might not be he might be this other
person of the vain descendant it's there
it's worse that's feeling about this I
think
and we're gonna figure this one out
really what in our history do we're to
what in our history has given you any
implication nothing but to be able to do
this we would have to find a tome that
talks about this curse maybe we can be
able to - we can do some research yes
I wonder if this estate has a library
I'm sure she'd know it you'll appear out
of the shadows does he show up but this
is a piers in one of the mirrors there's
a knock at the door
no loud you require something mom no I'm
sorry I hope I crack open the door is
there a library in this in the office
yes do you know if that there's no the
Lord woods yeah if it's something
process lordship is usually works late
in the office hmm if you be looking as
you can put in choir it's mo if we might
be able to convert fascinated by the
history of this place of course thank
you technically that was for all I need
it was three parents but it seems
reasonable to me that someplace like
this would have records at the very
least because people like this
especially traditionalist families keep
records going back as far as the name my
family trees would be very useful a
family tree if there's any wonderful
information probably isn't gonna be easy
to find they probably aren't gonna keep
that dude well they may not given that
they're aware of lore Lords may help us
though yeah maybe I mean actually we
should well I mean he if he went to
Crowley
he went to Crowley I was desperate no I
will tell you this
whatever Crowley did to that door it
worked now that hurt
and so people can't go in either which
makes sense I touched the door and hit
the opposite wall Lawrence can go in was
warded to keep everything out
no looking away so he came in he he
can't go in Kenny enters he does he's
the one who wants the dorm so but this
doesn't work against earthly creatures
only otherworldly creatures I don't know
what anybody that wants to can make a
Cthulhu Mythos roll I want you to me do
I really do I mean I can't I can't no
nothing so I have a zero no ya didn't
make it so I mean I didn't make it under
my five she does you know if you put the
headdress on she wants you really the
only way I'm letting you have that is if
you give me the saves you here to think
about it you let me use the three a
beautiful grandfather clock start to
bang out mid mall I run go back to you
yeah oh why are you running this denial
what's midnight it's okay it changes are
you she's long in the room I'm in the
hallway all the patio door isn't all
right ball 9 is 9
none of our doors are if you want to
coming in yeah I'm gonna go lock the
door the patio and like put something
against a long dress
the headrest make a pal roll I don't
no it speaks to castles going up in
flames
no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] alright do you do the
inspiration do you need inspiration didi
this aha all right what's your pal
oh that's right any five your pals
really oh gosh I'm gonna make you an
offer
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you can resist the call who of the
headdress of eyes at a small cost to you
ah or you can put on the headdress of
eyes you can succumb to its siren song
and I'll tell you this every day you are
around this thing that call will get
stronger Oh Emma's gonna kill you can't
afford anymore prices yeah
but I don't blame to lower my credit
rating now write those checks can't
resist we put it on one more thing I
don't think I can i if it's gonna if
it's in a cost you something put it on
because you can't there there are
certain stats you cannot afford to lose
any more and I can't I and and and it's
already telling up if it's possible be
sanity for the first day a small amount
I'm sleeping a nice castle I think it's
gonna balance out actually
oh yeah I'll throw away some sand all
right you lose to sail whoo-hoo that's
here's here's what happens you you go I
better check on the headdress uh-huh and
you just open it and there is a five
minute just stare session where you
don't blink just staring at the
headdress and all of a sudden like you
have all the answers dodge when when you
finally do blink the headdress is closer
than it would like your hands have
gotten closer to your head don't blink
and then you're like whoa and you like
close it back up and and put it back in
the case next to the very comforting
rifle hmm with junior on top wait it
might know how to use a hand morning
y'all this this is lasting one night I
know okay leaves I'm closing the door
locking everything kind of taste about
with a night I'm you know we're with a
young woman alone in her room oh good
oh no stay here
success all right you're going back to
your room back to my room okay is
anybody not locking their doors I'll
lock the door okay locking everything
seems quiet at midnight is anybody
staying up no reason to stay up yeah you
pushed a little beyond you're like lying
in bed sweating yeah I'm getting
sleeping getting ready for tomorrow's
brain session I'm gonna stay awake for a
half hour or so past midnight just to
listen and see if I hear any weirdness
No
okay send a timeout all right 24th now
technically about 2:00 in the morning
you which one this one this one you hear
like have you ever heard like raccoons
on the roof so Savano hasn't know I'm
checking out here cuz so like I was
playing this is years ago I was playing
this PC horror game called scratches and
it was it was a first-person but it was
a story you know you never like shot
anything or anything like that but the
whole thing when you're in this house
and you'd go places and you'd hear
where's scratches she's and I was
playing the game and all of the sudden
like there was a raccoon or something in
the Attic of my house and I heard like
and I was like I'm done I finished that
game in the daytime and I probably would
have made me very inhuman noise but that
is what you hear but it's actually on
die I do the pole you know the full
paralyzed freeze like if I don't move
nothing bad can happen and like you
distinctly hear a rattle from like
you're locked patio door and then
silence or more like there's one rattle
yeah and then there's about a five
minute silence its grata
I actually shout oh okay oh no what that
like I cuz so when you shadow the moment
where it's like okay it's fine
if I didn't you let your guard down and
then it happens again you're like so
when you shout you definitely hear
something like skitter away off your
patio and it doesn't sound like shoes on
that it sounds like
yeah I like light I turn on light like
any of anything that's like you have
guns handles dot shooting guns yeah you
are you will probably not sleep much
tonight mm-hmm the rest of you fall
asleep mm-hmm you finally against your
like against your will fall asleep
sitting like maybe yeah you're like a
guy in a chair in the corner like with
the most field of vision you can have
with all the lights in your room but you
you fall asleep and each of you has a
dream
youssef your dream you're awake you are
in your you're being confined in
whatever is confining you opens and you
see Emma with a crowbar and she looks
right at you and she says all of this
has happened before and all of it will
happen again
and then she jams the crowbar down into
you and you are above London and you
watch as from that spot blackness just
spreads and within about 30 seconds the
entire world is gone and then you turn
and look and it's not Emma that's there
it's Alexandra who's there and she takes
a mask and she says all of this has
happened before
puts the mask on and all of it will
happen again and you wake up
all right sir Carl that's a Battlestar
Gallactica that's no hit yeah all right
silvano you are at dinner with the vanes
and it's a delicious dinner you are
eating your fill but the problem is
you're never full you keep eating and
you don't feel any you your your hunger
is just it's it's unstoppable and in the
window you see Jackson Elias dead it's
like the dead form of Jackson Elias
slowly he looks at you and he says the
only way I can live is if you die and
you look down and you are desiccating
you are wasting away and as you and you
just keep trying to show if maybe if you
eat enough you can fight this off until
finally you die of starvation with your
Joan you are at home with your family it
is it's Christmas time everything is
it's it's beautiful everything is warm
and there are you know spiced smells
going throughout the house cookies are
being made you feel warm and you feel
like you you feel like you are
protecting your family and that you are
that your the things you're doing are
making your family safe
and the doorbell rings and it's Emma
at the door and Emma looks at you takes
your crowbar and jams it into your head
and looks at you and says beware of the
Raven Queen and then you die
but you fall backwards dead and as you
fall backwards from a weird from the
weird perspective of looking back like
that which I'm not gonna do anymore
because that just made me very dizzy
you see Alexandra slowly killing every
member of your family ritually carving
them up wearing a mask with feathers on
it Alexandra you you are you are in that
horrible goop hit in Peru and you are
you know your your your throat has just
been savaged and it's terrible and all
this stuff and you hear a voice that
says the Raven Queen can help you all
you have to do is help the Raven Queen
and then in the goo a hand reaches down
you can see a woman's hand and you take
the hand and you are pulled up out of
the goop hit and you're now in London
and Lady Jezebel is in front of you
wearing a mask a white mask with black
there are things that are more powerful
than blood magic and she reaches out one
finger and she touches your forehead and
where she touches your forehead black
veins start to spread throughout your
skin and just excruciating pain is
running through you and and Jezebel
looks at you and says if you're going to
end the world don't expect a happy
ending and then you wake up I think
we'll be back just as soon as five five
people this time can use one bathroom
thanks so much for sticking with us here
there's a you know we're all gonna go
cry ourselves to cry ourselves to pee
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
you are
you who have barricaded yourself in your
room you're very glad to see daylight
and you all had a obviously a fitful
night of sleep
Emma is still non-responsive oh man
that is troubling and there's a lovely
breakfast
put out it's cold cuts and rolls and
honey
mmm lots of tea breakfast tea yes lots
of tea stewed tomatoes baked beans
English have some of the best cuisine
that should be the title of the next
episodes that actually uses spices but
but everything English is better when I
was younger we didn't really have the
chance to partake in those spices fair
enough I wasn't really in a position to
enjoy said spices Eloise is not at
breakfast no butter Burroughs but Lord
Vayne and Lawrence Armand
how does Lawrence look this morning
Hagrid Mike he hasn't slept either he
did not sleep well for sure yet well
thank you once again for your
hospitality this breakfast is is very
very excellent and I have most amazing
night of sleep that bed was very
comfortable the facilities are
world-class you it was a very excellent
host thank you very much you're very
kind
tell me what what are you doing today I
was hoping to do a little bit of local
research into you put the castle and and
the family that would be alright with
you and learn more about your history
and the veins have been in rulers of the
this section this area of the country
for how many centuries
well since essentially since this castle
was built in 1175 Wow Wow very deep
roots here yes yes my my ancestors were
given the Protectorate here by Henry the
second
and have your ancestors always been
residing in this castle yes it's been
rebuilt a few times over the years of
course so do you have written records of
things that have happened around here or
anything like that would be really
interesting and in a intellectual
genealogy or not so yes I study
anthropology I'm a graduate student at
Oxford Knight anthropology is is with my
primer these eyes start to glaze over
nobody would it be all right if we
looked in your library that's the one
with all the books right well this is
another fine you have some goals of
goals I never go in there myself
perhaps that's giving us any eyeballs or
anything like yes Lawrence given us any
sort of well he's I mean he's sort of
he's clearly trying to figure out why
you want to go in there you know but
he's a and vane will say tell me are any
of you hunters oh I haven't really but
I've I've always been the assist of
terms but I wouldn't mind it a try
sometime I put on a few a few small
hunting it if you want this afternoon I
was planning on going pheasant hunting
my boys not much of a hunter himself but
anyone who wishes to accompany me I can
have Ted wells set you up with shotguns
sure I think I would accept that
invitation
wonderful wonderful yes all right read
books this morning and after lunch we'll
go hunting sounds lovely
yeah it does and then he'll hope he'll
go out slithy Toves is taking care of
you guys 500 bits to the players yeah oh
man I overshot you did thank you thanks
we appreciate it now we were just
talking about how they need to use some
so now they're gonna know yeah now we'd
have to make sure
now they can use it when someone tries
to Cheney somebody while you're hunting
[Laughter]
so yeah you are in the library everybody
that wants to make a library useful to
regular success okay
academics are like looking through books
and Silvano's like before I forget Hey
look at this the genealogy of the vein
family yes that which which of these
have escaped and are running loose in
the wash
so the genealogy clearly shows that all
of the female descendants of the vain
family so not anybody who married into
the family but all of the female
descendants of actual vain blood never
married and most of them lived very
short lives okay and that's as a six you
know it yes and none of them have gone
missing after their hair is there's no
they they all I mean there there's not a
lot of cause of death yeah involved in
this it just gives you dates there are
there any that are recent enough that I
think that they would still be that
despite the fact that it says that
they're dead that like they could still
be alive
no no no the the last daughter before
Eloise was in the was in the early 1800s
allow illegitimate child hmm that would
test the boundaries of the curse that's
it
I mean it's we to make an educator still
still be a descendant yeah so yeah you
spend the morning looking over this
genealogy stuff and coming to realize
that you know there are no daughters
that survived of the vein family the
oldest one you can find since 1608 lived
to be about 30
five oh that's impressive for that age
how old is Eloise well it's hard to tell
at a certain point Lawrence will come in
yeah I'm sitting in one of the
comfortable armchairs just flipping
through a few things cuz I'm not good at
libraries before I forget yes yes yes
yeah yes no keep her locked in her room
likes my nails because something was out
last night something something was at
the on my brain at the fun game
yes patio door did you get all this
I just heard sounds mr. candy sleep I
rolled the 104 veins so he's not gonna
come in during any of this yes cool
actually probably gonna start out when
he came in yeah did you guys get any
sleep last night I thought I thought it
went away but it didn't came back who is
that was waiting what was the furniture
window I know it cause I heard the cause
so just look just look at the window no
why turn on all the lights after left
you can't see it outside of the inside
lights are on you can't see what's out
beyond the window and it can see you
that way I didn't think that through
just couldn't think it was smoke me up
Danielle but I had bad dreams I had I
had a terrible dream
oh do whoa thing yes oh you sure you
weren't dreaming no wait for hours
Savannah this is the sort of dream that
is more like prophecy that is more like
an opening into the world beyond perhaps
the sort of thing that the black Pharaoh
is using to communicate perhaps leave
with that black black Pharaoh I mean I
have bad dreams all the time I'm talking
this what a bad dream where I was back
in that and that goop hit and things
happened oh wow what look good bad oh
[Applause]
sweet summer child yeah but no no I this
sometime later no there's there's you
know before before we got together they
had other adventures and things like
that no no you were there you guys were
all there in Peru Yusuf was not that's
I'm saying before you got here if we had
other adventures oh that wasn't have I
came out sorry I haven't had a lot of
sleep there I didn't always talk like
this I had very severe damage to my
throat and what happened in Peru was the
cause of that okay but you had a dream
about something that happened to you in
Peru that's understandable
yes but it was the sort of dream that
didn't feel like a dream hmm and we've
had enough experience with otherworldly
things at this point that I feel like
that's it
now you you mentioned a black Fair this
is the first time I've heard that phrase
used third dynasty wasn't he yeah lawful
zone you know that the third dynasty is
like a lost time in Egypt's history
where you know the the the victors wiped
out the history of an entire branch
there's this early period and there was
a cup of trouble there's a part of
history this trouble than the in the
middle dine remember middle era then
they throw their frankerz it came in and
took her region for a time Venusian stop
the ankh the inverted ankh and all that
kind of stuff in hell and out and what
dynasty that the third dynasty is when
they started making the step pyramids at
the very beginning of the the pyramid
way this guy comes from and this is with
what you think was it might even run
ever before after that the time of
conquest
there was a time of trouble there but
I'm getting way off track there wasn't
really a black Pharaoh but Lord Penn you
did have a theory about that that was
was very interested in yes about ever
wrote about it about someone being
written out of history he was trying to
track down that missing period of
history that's where some of this stuff
is coming he nailed it down mmm yeah Oh
according to what we've been able to
find in about that time period there was
a sorcerer who took over essentially
dark arts hmm and that's why he's called
the black Pharaoh no spell books because
the obsidians know we've seen him and he
looks like a statue of obsidian Oh
moving and living I've never seen
anything like that before you will huh
hmm he sticks around with us long enough
anyway J Matthews and the J Matthews
Band gonna make the joke 1,000 bits from
one keeper to another kill them kill
them all Oh give it to the kid yep you
know what I don't I don't normally use
bits given to the keeper but these were
given to kill you so yeah need to make
Nick roll that's not killing me so you
can't use them for that can't you come
to headdress ha this collar holy kitty
look dead is dead however it happens
anyway where you do it to yourself where
it's done to you
we are sidetracking we are here for this
particular job in this particular time
assuming we all survive this we can talk
about black Pharaohs andropov goo
another time well then very glad you
said that because I'm wondering how all
this helps my sister how long has he
been there he rolled 100 we were
distracted Oh sir did you document
anything about the curse we were hoping
that no then I mean as far as I know
there's not I mean maybe the vicar has
some information about what
but all I know is that they used the
mark of the beast I don't know what that
is
how long has Eloise unlike this how she
transformed since she was a girl or is
it just recent so what about is she
nearly told through her door last night
Oh her patio door the lock seems to have
held it back but she so she didn't leave
her room last night
no no what what did you hear the other
one wait what oh gods I think there's
another one there's another one I think
so I think I think it helped her get out
I think it moved the stone there's
another beast I think helping mice think
so possible that's that's our best
working theory at the moment his
daughters some houses outside what last
night
what's the evidence yeah definitely was
something outside your door yeah the
other night we did swell sometime night
did you see it
and then when about 9:00 yeah where was
your sister at 9 o'clock in her room
well then there was it wasn't the sister
you saw no and then wait you saw
something here yes the first night you
last night last night yes there was
something outside of the window while we
were in the smoking lounge and I went
out and had a look and I smelled that
horrible rotten smell again so do you
know is there any other female
descendant of your family in the area or
someone else who may have been affected
by a similar occurrence it's impossible
the the last vain female before Eloise
something else you're certain that there
isn't and excuse me if I'm speaking out
of turn but I off [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that you may not
know about I beg your pardon
we're examining all possibilities we're
talking about a curse which is
rechristen it could've been several
generations ago it was much more common
and back and you know I'm just a few
years ago your hypothesis is that some
Lord Vayne went astray and had a
dalliance and the offspring of that
dalliance is somehow still alive as a
horrible monster or the offspring of
that offspring yes it is possible I mean
the cursed on your family has lasted
unabated for 400 years it's not
unthinkable that if someone had him an
indiscretion that it may have passed
along that line as well I wouldn't have
been noticed until her daughter was born
exactly a male child initially sunshine
born I suppose yes I suppose that is
possible I I don't think there's any
written record of the a sensations of my
family have there been any claims no do
you have any where yesterday yesterday
you said that you had smelled that smell
before where did you smell it before in
the country the case a bed mom tour we
went up looking around there and started
smelling it we went a little bit deeper
and it got strong enough that we'd leave
we're unwilling to pursue it further at
that moment it also told us to leave
well there's that it it spoke this thing
with heard English hmm because when my
sister changes she's unintelligible
didn't have an English accent
well it doesn't echo here away
I'm you didn't hear enough no we just
heard away yeah hmm and maybe this is
someone who survived by being out in the
caves and hiding or maybe the outside of
the bloodline the curse is weakened and
they have some control who knows hmm
enough control to have it only happen
once a month
on a full moon incident well I mean they
still have to smell all the time and it
wasn't midnight during the day I suggest
a hunting trip take place in ma'am toll
well your father has invited us to go
hunting pheasants wouldn't it shouldn't
be too difficult to point him in that
direction what do you think I would hope
when we go through some old records
though the Abbey perhaps or other town
records there may be something in there
where I don't know do we have enough
time before I mean if you if you wish
you can you can go and see The Vicar
while the rest go hunting I'd actually
probably go with you to the Vickers mm I
am intrigued by the hunt the idea though
it would be daytime well it would it
would be daytime but and maybe maybe
maybe put in our resources is a better
idea to get this settled as quickly
no I'm not really into this yes I know I
know I'm flying into your hand I'm not
really into the the hunting I've been on
hunts before what are we gonna do I mean
how's the hunt going to how are we gonna
turn it towards the hunt for this thing
no just point in that in in that
direction
hey please mind the pheasant so you're
not gonna we'll just find hunt in a cave
if you couldn't be just in the trees and
they'll be the big dogs and maybe even
horses is it that kind of hut now why
are you hunting horses okay don't you
ride on horses professor no we're not
fox hunting oh I see but there will be
dogs correct there is a dog oh not
supposed to shot gasps yes there will be
shotguns yes he took you yeah no I think
I think jodhpurs
will be probably tweed but do you need a
full inventory it sounds like a like a
very English experience I think we need
to try it's a very English lord
we're not gonna go hunting and knives of
no acres after Winx would you go to the
Vickers and see if they had any other
info I mean I don't know how much they
would tell you the vicar is a very kind
man and and he I will tell you that I
have in speaking with him he knows about
my sister's condition ah oh he would be
hold on so then it's but do it well
especially if you are there with one of
us to give tasida terrifical for that
sounds great I will be very happy to go
so do you two want to go with him to the
Vickers I want to with the Vickers but I
also want to go hunting can't be in two
places once not until they invent time
Turner's damn you Heisenberg we say that
a lot around here yes so I think I'd
better go the Vickers I think people
or eat more useful there's the other
thing is that's like fun but it's not
really a usefully for use of my time
it's a lot of walking around in
countryside and really banal
conversation but that does sound like
fun
no I'll be dressed for the occasion
different kinds of you have tweets no
and you'll be wearing what you're
wearing it let's say unless we're alone
something borrow some tweeds and maybe a
lovely hunting cap all of those burned
in the ship so I had them they were not
see any burned so don't think I should
get stones myself see mm-hmm what do you
think I paid so much for those it's a
try again
we'll try to get him to go when you get
back to London there'll be a dress
waiting
I supposed to go
so Yosef and Joan will we'll go to the
vicar
all right that's right we can bring
torches but I don't think we're actually
gonna I would I want to I want to have a
sorry lunch anyway I'm gonna spiel okay
so are you gonna try and point lord vane
towards ma'am tour sure all right
somebody what do you two can make like a
persuade how's your persuade friend nope
but we're touring in our suede or char
my except I can do fast talk you know
what I'd accept fast huh the most I'll
do is be like well if you've already
hunted them all over here and over here
best bets gonna be over here I love all
but not nearly a success just to how
money with it
yeah no me neither so so what'll
happen to the stab things I don't talk
to me you're gonna have you know know
what this this could be a chance yeah
come on you've got my highest my highest
social scale is a 25 oh yeah something
for me bought you it's higher Oh worse
huh you pull the maybe it's not an EMA
but it isn't a me yep one day I'll
convince someone of something my best
days of Arts will sing well you mother
so you know you guys are like you you
make a few ham-handed attempts to be
like boy saw a lot of pheasants over at
mam tor and he's like no that's a
pheasant country what they're ridiculous
and he'll lead you on a merry treats
through the forest at the foot of the
hill that the the castle is on you can
both make a skill check on shotgun yes
right on well you want to fail this cuz
you're that was like this is like this
oh this oh no might nailed it
this is you get this is so it's like you
got a check on shotgun do you a daddy
tend to shotgun
twenty nine exactly that is very
frustrating not gonna three point it's
very point down damn damn it damn it
Danny
you can inspire to try and fail who do
you undo it you have a good chance as
you fail I mean my shotgun the 29 that's
good chest fail you could roll the one
as well yeah you 71% when the second
done you've already got it yeah yeah all
right fine just watch oh good anyone all
right so you get a d-10 to your shotgun
what's it for ah still good
mmm that's good and that's gonna be most
of your afternoon of just like happily
blazing away please
it's ridiculous the full of shot Pat
fair point
no I give them to the end oh I love it I
love it all right yeah no we're just
traipsing around keeping it um
the format you will both now going
hunting with lord vane you'll have
advantage in any role to like any social
skill with Lord vain because he like he
he built this is how he bonds with
people shooting things nice I've been on
Lord Lea hunts before so I know all the
small talk things to her temp layoffs
have advantage on any sort of social
thing with Lord Vayne cool while we are
traipsing through the forest do we see
any like evidence of a big creature
coming through here you can both make
yes hard success oh that was a journey
because I see that night and my first
thought is like it's a 90 something but
yeah how nine T sometimes all right
and you both notice at one point you
stopped briefly and Lord Vayne is
looking at something and you see a shrub
with a small fragment of a white lacy
material on it maybe a Tara a piece torn
off of a nightgown it seems it seems
feminine
I'm keep him distracted and I'm gonna go
over and like have a look at it what do
you find is the best way to he'll yeah
he'll let me tell you my boy it's yeah
it is a small fragment a tear of a
woman's a woman's dressing gown it's the
same sort of thing that I would be
wearing that I would wear
yeah income so I'm gonna more the well
I'm not that tired that's why this seal
worked I'm gonna pull up pull a little
bit off and slip it into a pocket and
look around me there's only a little bit
there so you pretty much take the whole
thing yeah just pull it and pull it off
slip it into my pocket and look around
to see if there's like any like big
tracks leading in any direction you
don't see any make a track roll like
something tearing through the underbrush
nope so you figure that it's been too
long
like it's time the the nightgown
definitely looks beat up like it's been
exposed to the elements for a while so I
feel like maybe this has been out here
for several days at least yeah I think
that's fair to say okay that's fair to
say I'm gonna rejoin the men all right
so yeah you guys hunt for the rest of
the afternoon you all go to see Reverend
Stratton maker yes good afternoon again
Reverend Stratton Oh Bubba then he'll
see that Lawrence is there and he'll
he'll he'll cheer up a little and hello
I'm I'm Reverend Stratton how can I help
you
Lawrence Oh Reverend Oh Lord
a little bit about the family problem
that I'm sure that you're very much
aware of we were hoping to look at some
of the church's old records he's like
looking at Lawrence yes I told them
about the curse it's fine
we're hoping to look through some of the
church's old records going back perhaps
as late as 6 the early 1600s let me do
it
and there he will stay so on his face
we want to learn more about the
situation involving an ancient relative
of his miss lady novella Evangeline
Vance vein excuse me and the trial that
she was involved in the witch trial of
Anand and we wanted to know what you
knew about the mark of the beast hmm
well well to begin with your query and
yes I do have some records on that and
the and he starts going through a book
and he has he has as he's sort of going
through all this stuff he and in the
course of making small talk he mentions
that no veins are buried here they have
a mausoleum in the castle and and he
will he will say that yeah he has a book
that is about the trial and it describes
the witch Annie Stafford is the one who
cursed who put the mark of the beast and
put the mark of the beast and cursed the
vein family and all of the female
descendants
and the same but the same book sort of
the same book also like prosaically
describes the beast of Edale and and
seems to imply that it was around before
the curse yeah wasn't interesting turn
events okay Vic Vicky what do you think
of this the the story that the beast
existed before the curse well I think I
think it's superstition personally I
think that you know there's there was no
real evidence there were no attacks or
anything like that that we can find
records of before that and we have
fairly concrete evidence of this curse
and the impact it has on the women of
the vein family so you do believe in the
curse I have I have seen Eloise when she
has changed it's awful how do you keep
her contained I believe that's a
question for Lawrence yes when you
described the Beast to me yesterday
is this the same beast we're speaking of
as Eloise yes although I must admit and
I must apologize young man yesterday I
was perhaps a little brusque and my
responses to you I I take no small
amount of pride in being the protector
of the heritage of lesser Edale and I
was not I was perhaps dismayed at the
idea of some sort of journalistic muck
dragging of my my town
it appears that
Lawrence trusts you and has entrusted in
you the greatest secret he has and so I
trust you as well well nice to hear that
thank you very much well one of the
things we were trying to figure out is
is this reversible can we do something
to to to thwart it yes your second
question the mark of the beast yes that
I'm afraid I have less information on I
do not have a great deal of knowledge in
those areas I suggested to Lawrence that
he contact purveyors of such thing in
London and I understand he was in
contact with someone the less I know
about that the happier I am it does seem
that at the time there was and someone
had the power to place the curse there's
some sort of profane pagan ritual of
some sort yes was which is it possible
that the church perhaps collected these
profound pagan hair heretical
manuscripts or books sir what not and
stored them somewhere safe where no one
else would be able to use them well one
of the schisms between the Church of
England and the Catholic Church revolves
around just that sort of thing
the Catholic Church is perhaps more
willing to use the knowledge of evil
deeds to combat those deeds
I wish Emma was here the Church of
England does not share that belief and
to the best of my knowledge destroys all
such paraphernalia that it comes in
contact with and we're hoping perhaps it
was stored somewhere for safekeeping and
then perhaps we could access those yeah
I do not think something like that can
ever be kept safe we hope you have
artifacts
like that that are evil you cannot keep
them on your person the the the lure to
use that power is inescapable and would
and is not that temptation the original
story of the fall of man that's true but
I do understand that one month the
Celtic traditions they had both white
and dark magic
perhaps there are different ways that
they could do a spell this sort my boy
Laura Lawrence trusts you and thus I
trust you however I I will not be party
to witchcraft or white magic
oh no don't know agreed agreed totally
agreed but combating that would you be
willing do you have anything we could
use exorcisms are more a Catholic yeah
yeah that's true that's what I was
thinking them be is there any one to
this village that that knows about those
old arts or still practices some of
those those old ways make a spot hidden
role alright let's see what we know
maybe maybe maybe yeah success
cool that's oh that should commence a
twenty so that's a hard success you
would swear when you asked that question
that the vicar's eyes dart at Lawrence
briefly and then he says no I'm sure I
don't
hmm oh okay so Jonathan you record you
think you'd like to see know about the
trial
yes that's if we can see maybe we can
get some other ideas of where to look
maybe genealogy would be good to look
through ideas of where to look for what
a way to reverse the curse hmm I see I
mean you're welcome to look through
everything I have thank you you can
spend the whole afternoon here you can
both make library use rolls yeah let's
go for it oh yeah that's a very good
role sense yeah success regular success
here yeah yeah Tommy they're not quite
um so yeah you find genealogy stuff that
backs up what you saw at the castle that
you know that the last female vein was
17 oh sorry 18 the early 1800s lady 35
and that 35 is about the oldest that any
vein woman has ever lived to be and you
you once again find reference to the he
once again find reference to the fact
that after the curse no veins were
buried in the church right and they
started the mausoleum and now they bury
everyone in the mausoleum yeah
can we track down descendants of any
Stafford mm-hmm from the genealogy
yeah she has attendance if she was yeah
you made a hard roll sure so it looks
like there are no descendants of either
which there was another witch it was
Annie Stafford and Jenny Greene okay but
you do not find any descendants of them
that was the name since but let's see
what else convening this guy offshoots
of the vein family vigor about the
phrase market the Beast that sounds like
a a Christian term not really a Celtic
term well I mean during the during that
time there was a great deal
I mean witches were hunted by the church
and were you know I'm sure that the
church was involved in ridding the world
of those two witches hmm is that the
mark of the beast would not be placed
upon a witch by by the devil
there's something else I'm thinking
from Catholic mythology yeah actually
he will go off for about an hour on this
like rant about you know Catholics and
they're like they're like fantasy life
and all this this crap and it's it
becomes very clear to you that he's a
religious man in spirit but not a like
you know he might be more of a a
humanist mmm-hmm doesn't quite believe
the miracles right right you know he
doesn't say and the Jesus stuff but you
know that yes I can't think of anything
else to to ask this game and yeah oh
and you'll find so you find you also
find records of Plum Castle the cat
that's the name of the castle and you
find records that go all the way back to
the reign of charles ii which was about
seven hundred years ago and and you find
a record that shows the deed of the
titling of the veins wellington vane was
knighted by charles ii 700 years ago the
first vein essentially yeah First Lord
vein for service to the crown he was
knighted okay didn't he say it was Henry
the second that was built originally
it's 11:05 yeah yeah this would have
Charl I believe Charles ii is also the
guy who started the I'm gonna be totally
wrong damn I think that's the English
the the War of the Roses but I'm not a
hundred now that was in the 1600s yeah
War of the Roses was yeah later
so yeah that's that's the stuff you get
there cool all right and oh you'll also
get a you'll just get a little about the
relay of this land which is it was since
since the time that this valley was
inhabited it's because it is a source of
lead there are lead mines through that
went throughout these hills Superman
can't see the werewolves I was gonna say
everyone has yes
the water yeah not that we know any
better in this Patong no we don't but
and is that where the on the the the
tour yeah that was definitely on tour
perfect all right it's you know by the
time you go get back around the same
time it's about four o'clock you get
back you have some tea mmm some cake
mm-hmm oh yes afternoon tea uh-huh skits
so you have been very thoroughly British
since Vicky's and yeah that is what
it is
anybody want to do anything before
dinner stoned back yes yes no it's don't
back no why would you put the stone back
sure she doesn't get out but but it's
protective so if something might be
trying to help him get her out putting
that it's gonna steal stone I mean the
storm should work on it too but it's
still look before well I mean well yeah
maybe maybe one of you should just watch
the balcony at night he volunteers not
me but but perhaps you know you you're
very capable yes I also need sleep well
how was the hunting trip it was
interesting
Oh dozens found that we found some
pheasants delivered them to the end
don't eat the pheasant at the end pick
up the middle bits yes but I found this
what it was an iPod the piece of the
like lace and it's it's it's something
that I or off of a woman's nightgown hmm
out in the middle of the woods
maybe she probably got out in the past
right yeah it's only a few days old yeah
I was gonna say how can we see can we
clean like I don't think it's like three
months old or anything like that it's
only been the last couple of days maybe
maybe a week yeah it's not like
threadbare but I've definitely been
exposed to the elements
oh wait at the absolute outside well let
me she did get out didn't didn't
Lawrence tell us that she's kept her
contained that she hasn't gotten out
since dude did you sense the stuff with
tummy yes did she kill a couple of the
villagers well that was longer ago than
a couple of days ago it was that was
like three months ago this has not been
out there for three months this has been
out there is there anything about that
that we can use to narrow down who it is
yeah who don't have we there's another
one there's a second at least so who is
the second do we want to go out after
tea we're put it maximum torque yeah
bring torches torches yes we're not
relying on even you are interesting
torches we don't want more time okay
make some of them but we do to you gods
i mister know what why don't we talk to
Lawrence and see what he knows about
that the curse I could assess it
Lawrence knows more than he's telling us
what makes you think that
well The Vicar implied that perhaps
Lawrence would be as someone he knew
more about the old Celtic traditions of
the curse see someone who knows perhaps
and he has tried to look into the room
so on your left-hand path so to speak he
doesn't know how to fix it or he would
have but he may have done research
witness will ask the suitors yeah you
find it just like Paul and pull him
aside yes yes though no one's around his
father's out here yeah just us I wanted
to inquire with you about if you had any
particular eyes knowledge in the curse
itself the old curse from 400 years ago
have you studied it of you done any
research and perhaps and does some yes I
mean I'm trying to
anything I can to help Eloise yes yes
could you share with us what you'd know
so far well I haven't been able they
called it the mark of the beast and I
haven't been able to to figure out what
that means I mean she does transform
into an awful beast at night have you
tried to perform any rituals to help
change her back I wouldn't have the
first idea how to do so that's why I use
we were trying to ask if ice that's why
I treated mr. Crowley to create those
protection runes and I thought they were
somewhat effective yes they never yeah
yeah I mean do we believe it's a Celtic
curse or a curse of some other occult
tradition I mean to say because witches
witches but in the 1600s witches are
really important question tradition not
Celtic tradition hello anything could be
wind for being they would just call
everybody Richard yeah it's true yeah
hmm I'm I mean we trouble understanding
why the distinction is important well
then we know where to look
yeah historically potentially what kind
of what they did I see if we can narrow
that down from there there's no there's
why milk no actually no cuz I was
looking into dispelling III did the
whole thing oh jeez what was all this
stuff I looked into no it was commonly
used in a lot of dispelling curses
Kairo intelligence Steve I actually did
right yes sir sure are you believing
that it's just like I'm just like
vomiting out all of this stuff that I
remember for yeah yeah yeah you don't
recall you were studying stuff around
the elder sign and around protection and
that milk especially that I wrote it all
down especially like unpasteurized
animal night place
fresh milk circles lime various herbs
dealing with things you can't see it
isn't yes I remember
well first you tried blood that was a
him no we didn't he was bleeding that
direction and I did take notes on some
of those some of those circles so
actually have some stuff I actually I
kept all my notes from all that so Ella
we should drink milk I mean I might help
possibly bathe in it nah yeah bathing
with with someone semester be fresh milk
well this is gonna be a fun conversation
it's something to try I mean this is
this is just going off of old old [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
why wouldn't she want to to try to end
the curse she doesn't remember
oh the old so she cries because she
doesn't understand why she's locked away
yeah
how'd he know she cries I have very good
hearing hmm yes she doesn't understand
well the does your father know that
she's being locked away as well yes but
she doesn't understand why she's being
locked away and you haven't talked to
her about this those conversations
haven't gone particularly well
mm-hmm she thinks that I am crazy
overbearing and trying to control her
life I can see that your part well I
could see it for being able as most late
teens early 20s young women would think
inside the sort of circumstance I'm
doing nothing of the sort of course not
no you're you're doing well to keep this
as contained as you can I can see how it
weighs on you thank you thank you well
I'm off to try and convince a headstrong
young woman to take a bath in milk
well there's also
the circles and I just I again I put all
this stuff I have no - I just have notes
I will pull out all the note specific to
the elder sign right passport papers
don't set these on fire somehow or
anything I'll need these but if you want
to review it can you make one of those
things which like the like the thing
that Crowley made know you can make a
Crowley's protective circle that called
elder signs
that's called elder signs I know what he
I don't yes ma'am
think I not currently why not because it
it it requires a price and I can't okay
that price anymore
look I sold physical price spiritual man
what price did Crowley pay when he
created the door and the other items it
is his own he's his own thing fun
stories own when you're insane you don't
I'm actually pretty safe which herbs do
you have noted down there as ones that
might dispel magic it was just yeah you
can just like like it was you can name a
couple yeah you you know I think the
running you know parsley cilantro
cilantro
I mean the joke is cilantro yes Bruce
marrow is the word but that I was just
dope herbs and that I knew herbs it was
just a catch-all I mean name a cup you
name a couple and yeah you know he's
like and and I make a circle of those
around oh the circles out of lime and
you're doing a circle you wanted the
circle follow the notes it may help to
him to put the herbs into the milk yes
combine them yes I know
I believe me I understand probably won't
work
[Laughter]
that's the name of our next one yeah I
don't want to eat your hopes up here
these are just things to try
they might alleviate maybe more the
other side is the only thing I know of
that actually does anything is there
anyone in the village that currently
practices any form of old witchcraft a
Celtic mythos spell casting me take a
druid a drew it'll be excellent anyone
like that no not really I tried to learn
some of this mm-hmm what resources did
yielded use to try and learn this are
they're mainly mr. Crowley mm-hmm he
sent me some I don't want to talk to him
did he sent you could be rambling
letters and that stone hmm although we
should you know we should look at the
letters later I would like to see my
letters if we could could we get a head
start on leaving now if we are going to
go to the caves we need torches really
gorgeous
I'll I'll get you what you need here
perfect I think we should go to the
caves no we have to time but the song is
going down about two hours
oh no the sun's going down at about an
hour on January this February that's
crazy it's gonna be dark either way like
whether or not it's like dark only some
places not every place I don't want good
I don't well that's crazy
no no but we have to it's part of what
we what we need to do she doesn't change
it until midnight she doesn't yeah but
whatever I ran into outside of the house
last night it was nine o'clock it's true
it's a great point
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] p.m. yes in the dark but you this
we saw supposed to behave in the daytime
yeah well we heard so it's all the same
and we shouldn't get going for us to get
any more tired than I already a.m.
agreed agreed
is anyone bringing weapons yes I mean
yes
we're gonna be missing dinner now we're
not going to miss dinner that's right
got my crowbar okay how long do we get
back we'll be back in time for dinner
right
oh yes yes what am i bringing with me I
was gonna say is anybody bring you a
weapon they can't conceal yes give me
some getting the rifle or the sorbets
shotguns are fine I owe you and I ask
your advice
he opens a case and there's like me to
keep these safe for it and I just like
looked at at them and sigh god I miss
Donald what I wouldn't give to have him
here right now well I've got something
very useful I've got my cricket back I'm
gonna use him as the distraction which
which one do you want to bring with you
I'm the the rifle is good at range but
there were a lot of corners in there the
sawed-off shotgun is a lot better for
close-range stuff I'm sure probably
protip easier to conceal yep putting in
the sada and the handgun for when I
freak out throw the sawed-off shotgun in
another firearm inside a cave yes it's
going very well shotgun yes it's going
to be very large you said Michael the
only one of you that doesn't have
permanent hearing damage yes but you
learn to live with the tinnitus lots of
hand signal like run Alexandria already
speak sign language cuz she was mute for
like two years so alright you might have
one okay
Loren's if there's any like earmuffs or
anything like that that would protect
against the winter cold but also make
a look roll hmm 28 yes
yeah sure yeah cool I'm gonna get four
sets here yeah
it's that cold in the cave yes yes sir
fine
it will help deaden the sounds yeah we
won't be able to hear do they coming to
get us
that's true when you see me put mine on
em ups alright Lawrence Lawrence will
you know we wish you luck and he goes up
to try and get Eloise to take a milk
bath good luck no are you gonna get that
much milk some won't raise the counter
serum so Tidwell is information I'm sure
it's a sponge about electric torches
yeah yeah you have yes you have a
battery while of like two electric torch
yes yes two of the big car battery ones
that will last a good long time sweet
right who is carrying the torches I need
my hands for I will carry one of the
torches accurate torch all right I could
interesting crowbar yes good choice you
get to the door and Tidwell appears out
of nowhere will you be back for dinner
yes
don't thank yes definitely of course I
shall set your places thank you very
much and it's about a 45-minute walk to
mam tor
could we get a ride not from whom yeah
mrs. Lawrence is up in the room are you
just gonna Tidwell will appear with a
you require transportation yes his
lordship has told me to give you every
convenience and so and he holds out the
I can I have drive Auto 40 you're
driving all right you know you've never
driven a museum piece no no this is a
can we get some rope I'm sorry sure a
large length of rope and perhaps some
mistakes and maybe some hammers
it's a cave right no no no it's not
spilling Oh caves go underground hey Jen
wet sand dick and dark and slippery and
you need ropes and no no no no I've been
we're not going that far we're not going
that far
hopefully I'll be fine ropes would be
all right he disappears on shovels
pickaxes you know what I'm talking about
you've been underground before yes this
is not we're not going to we're not
going this is I'm already a mine we have
already beaten AIDS we've already it's
has a large opening and has a place to
walk through it could have collapsed it
could map Bob in the last 24 hours
we believe all right so this is
happening on the 45 yard lock there yeah
you get on the driving oh that's right
on the 35 minute truck hey we stay ten
minutes you you park you know at the
base of mom tour and you sort of walk
kind of a spiral thing up the cave
entrance is about halfway up mm-hmm
and now that it's a little it's still a
little light out you do see that there
is a like sign hanging like halfway off
listing this as what's the name of the
mine this is a lead mine mm-hmm and it
was
[Music]
don't refer to what is the old line
that's not useful the old mine you're
going do mine oh yeah
like shaft 17 shaft Bing it is the blue
John mine that got it John was sad when
he discovered so sad mm-hmm
all right you two have the torches yes
yes you're gonna need the divining rods
mmm that's fair
so for now I'll hold one of the torch
dress all right drop it if you need to
use the shotgun well print down well
let's first see if you uh
all right so this is crazy
yes what where do you want to start with
the crazing um
so far it's not like there's a tax from
this this other one do we think there's
a chance that it's actually not hostile
and that maybe we shouldn't start
shooting it right away well what makes I
agree what makes you think that this one
isn't hostile well there have been about
there been yeah
why haven't there been any other attacks
maybe they know we have the lands that
we that they know of when she got out
yeah well could we have guns and we can
we can hold our ground but you're right
we don't have to shoot right away unless
it attacks we could try to talk to it
yeah all right it's worth the trials
with the tribe but and guns are faster
than almost anything so yeah except for
monsters closing in on you not as fast
as that but it you would think that they
would be more from there they would be
faster but they're really just yeah what
are you get your knives to so we're good
mm-hmm that's done me so much good hmm
all right let's just stay at the castle
you're gonna be saying that a lot around
us
so you enter the mine yes and within
about within losing sight of the the
sunlight
the smell is there awful smell are you
so after - light and the well he's he
has the flashlight now and this is yeah
yeah yeah so yeah here yeah the rods are
definitely pulling yes you're feeling
the pull inside something died in here
no I think it's stolen that's that's the
smell that Lawrence said accompanies his
sister as well oh yes hmm when she turns
is not a good idea guys what are we
doing we are going to find out
yeah what this is no it's not a good
idea to help or at least talk we'd like
to talk who are you we did once and it
didn't help so we're back
Oh Lord keep going yeah is there
something we can give you a tribute or
silence let's make a show keep going
good he's going alright moving so you
like wherever you're pointing that yeah
alright so you're just with them you
keep following the pull and you are now
it's chilly
actually you are inside inside the
mountain you have descended sorry I let
me rephrase that it's actually warm
because you are descending so it's
actually warming up and it was chilly
outside yes here it's warm and the mine
is in relatively good shape so you you
know it's it's fairly easy travel the
smell is just now omnipresent like
you've you've almost built up like you
don't notice it which is really
disturbed ah it's gonna be patch on
it's like the monkey house when you're
in there long enough you you just stop
and you come into a small chamber that
was probably like you know a break room
for the miners or something or like an
office and it's basically empty and you
hear that voice again go away
does it sound closer it it sounds
different mm-hmm
where are the rods pointing to so out of
this room there are three ways it's
pointing at the one that seems to
descend no good of course I keep going
down okay yep you can right everybody
make a listen role critical success oh
cool success all right um
you distinctly hear like skittering
behind you might turn and look back you
don't see anything oh wait you got a
critical mm-hmm yeah you you do it in
time you see like a shadow head back the
way you came it's behind us but the pull
is still down the voice wasn't behind
this bush was in front of us and I
flashed the light behind us do I make a
luck role keeping the light towards here
towards the front oh you you you
flashlight and there's nothing there hmm
well I was and was moving in the shadows
behind us I saw something go back the
way that we've got I think this is more
important but I don't work it surrounded
by so might be the source the source
that might be the key to ending at all
which would be great if while we take
care of that he's giving her the milk
back
[Laughter]
yes so let's go forward anyway that's
why I'm ready I'm ready
I want to see what this is I am I'm so
you're just you're gonna keep going down
yeah I'm koltes I like watching behind
okay like allow you a flashlight no I'm
the light behind us so you're shining
like I'm forward yeah all right and my
occult is going nuts in my brain but he
is he is shining the light back so I
have light to look back yeah we're we're
not gonna try not are they glowing at
all no no not glowing keep whining in
the glow you come so you descend yeah
for it feels like 10 15 minutes and you
come into a room and you hear the voice
say come no further
or we will reveal ourselves how many are
you who are you come no father
we want to see you ah my sanity said
otherwise
say we want to see you I cover your eyes
like flashes in the hall hmm yeah
there's like so there's an uncomfortable
moment as in like I'm trying to decide
if you want to open your eyes or not and
it's super painful to open your eyes get
Lincoln through tears of pain and
actually did put my hand over your and
when you come to standing in front of
you are six corpses Oh time to roll
series oh that's not even that bad they
are there they're walking less good yeah
everyone make a Santa I don't see though
this is like you know remember slim
Goodbody there's a 70s reference for you
kids no I don't is so slim Goodbody was
this creepy guy in the 70s who wore a
leotard that was the entire inner
workings of your body so I was like he
didn't have any skin and he like would
do like you
he was like a health guide but like as a
kid I was just like he's terrified
he has no skin and we're all ok with
this but that is what is in front of you
six people with no skin everything works
no there's very little exactly there's
very little explaining did anybody miss
the sanity roll no all right everybody
loses one sanity I hold on to my
flashlight
it's like clinging to the flashlight
we'll go low I don't feel the details so
this mean it'll be lit hello is anybody
here a doctor no no anybody who wants to
make a medical second aid my anybody
u.s. medicine can make a medicine roll
yeah I only got one good are they burnt
there's not well I mean does it maybe
their skin burn the witches they don't
seem to be in any pain okay okay they're
just standing there and there's kind of
like a standoff oh we can win no it's
like we don't need to win why are you
here we're trying to find out the
origins of a curse
we are the cursed what cursed you what
happened
witches ah so it was more than just the
vain family that were cursed
we are the veins the mausoleum yes are
they are they female I mean you'd need
to make a medicine woman or you could
tomorrow do you have a name that we can
call you instead of just food do you
never Monica just named come up right
well though the running joke is I forget
the name that I came up with but no I
this is a very specific name that I want
to make sure I get right and that is I
am Evangeline vein there it is
there she is she she was the first she
was the one that was not the first you
know how do you know of a hard time
looking at her but the story has
understand it was that you testify
against witches and they cursed you but
you're not the first well the look is
kind of another way tell us more those
curses if they were nothing the truth
the truth is my family
cursed itself how centuries before our
bloodline was tainted by we worshipped
Morrigan the charnel God my family
performed rites of cannibalism and
and we've the women of the vain family
have paid the price that's horrible
my why the women why do you judge us
no no it's horrible what they did to you
that's horrible what's happened to you
nothing has happened to us we have
chosen this are you the ones who are
terrorizing the countryside we are the
ones who feed when we must feed she's
been here for 400 years how many are you
hmm
it's very unnerving to see someone smile
with no skin yeah we are as many as we
need to be and soon we will be one more
elevate why do they keep our sister from
we do not choose to become gods
we are made gods we are in the image of
more daguan eloise do they react to the
want the states I have or anything like
no they don't seem to there doesn't seem
to be any reaction some this is very
right now this is very much a standoff
yes they are and hmm eloise will grow in
strength and soon she will leave that
place and not return she will come to us
she already feels the call of more de
Gong until she feeds she is incomplete
so she wasn't the one she wasn't the one
no but she would know she I think she
tried and she was stopped but I don't
think the the other ones were she has to
feed on human flesh to become as the
chart of like four family perfect skins
pretty nice though kittens pretty nice
though
there's none of them in the mausoleum
now tell me flesh
why have you come here well well to seek
answers I have given you answers and so
I think that's really all the reason
that we've came guys yeah yeah so thank
you for for for giving us your wisdom
really appreciate your time
yeah bring us our sister they have
wielded other curses other magics to
I smell magic upon you mmm it's did you
happen to bring you did didn't you
oh yeah yeah of course I I smelled magic
on you and you had some shotgun I don't
think so
flamethrower maybe told me he had those
molotovs right now bringing and wasting
my alcohol not us our sister well we
start we are yes we are strangers to
this land this is not our decision to
make all of my sisters and I have gone
through what Eloise goes through now
imagine the fear she feels the terror do
you she doesn't understand
we do we do not we do not condone him we
do not do undue harm we merely survive
but you have to eat people to survive
the beef like that breakfast on Tiffany
song but so but you but how often do you
have to eat people to survive or do you
have to or do you just like to survive
well I know but that I know what she
said I miss askin
and we cattle States our hunger did ye
people I think to become that's a right
yes there are two other killed they were
not eaten they were clawed to death
Eloise was not in control she doesn't
understand she didn't know what she had
to do
does she know why they lock her behind
magic does she know what she is
they say she doesn't remember they don't
bring us our sister we're at the stage
we will consider your request thank you
for answering our questions you have two
nights oh no that doesn't work
shouldn't you shouldn't do that in two
nights nights we will three Eloise and
she will feast and five bucks says I
know exactly who she's going to feast on
mm-hmm it's you know unlikely oh let's
go
no I'm going we're gone they're allowing
you to leave okay like as soon as you
step out of the room it's dark again
hold on I can't see what's up my time
didn't turn yeah he didn't turn his
flashlight hmm it's got like a car
battery in it let's go let's go yeah
we're going we're going oh yeah it's not
it's gonna be a trot cuz it's like not
only we have to get back for dinner
but like so it's a little harder to get
out without the pole to guide you
yeah I I'm gonna make the track roll
I'm not gonna acquire a track I didn't
think about which we're coming down
making marks cuz I was fall away out I'm
gonna make you an offer
yes you can get out super fast but it's
gonna require a roll or you can take
probably more time than you're
comfortable with okay I'm not gonna
succeed Corona what kind of roles I
would accept a spot hidden oh we can mix
by hit all right all right
so somebody make me a spot hidden role
is it only one person one first oh oh
right one who has the highest spot
hidden I got a forty five sixty three
fifty five sixty eight yeah there it is
that's not my go it comes to a me we
can't we can't redo that too so it's
pretty good yes so I think I'm gonna
bathroom I know exactly where to go
falling yeah yeah silvano says I know
exactly where to go and 40 minutes later
oh we are so long you are utterly lost
honey why are you going down again no
no we did this before no no and you
there's no way to use these I mean you
know yeah you could follow the pull back
to the sisters no they will eat us I
know if we follow if we saw if you
follow one wall we'll eventually get out
always left look logically that makes
sense then I hope these use the right
hand rule split up can I use my
archeology to figure out the cave system
here's here's the thing about 30 minutes
into Silvano's stint as a ranger it
stops being a mind and this is a full-on
cave no no no do we do the ropes if we
had gone in the right direction we
wouldn't have needed it there's a lot of
blame going on another salon or detour
well we definitely would never win to
cave before so let's turn around
whoa no yes yes we have never been up so
we can't ever been this way before all
right so after another hour know I'm
wandering around I think I recognize
your now your flashlight comes on
something you weren't expecting a door
there wasn't a door no but I really want
to know what it is
Oh maybe there's a path leads to like oh
oh we listened stairwell up to an old
office should we listen to see if yes
yes don't like yeah everybody make glass
and roll oh yeah 90 nope everything's
fine yeah
my favorite sentence in the world yeah
I'll go first all right the door is not
locked you open the door and that is
when you step in and get your first
sight of the mausoleum of the veins
called it oh oh and that's where we're
gonna end tonight I knew it had to be
the mausoleum yeah
so next next Saturday will will I think
Tom you're gone next set I'll be good
okay you'll be a Greek alright so we'll
be a full table and yeah we'll we'll
pick it up here from where we were in
the mausoleum thank you so much for your
likes your subscribes your comments the
chat which has made Thomas laugh at
least three times tonight we can hear
him we really appreciate it
Berenice we love you I know that you're
off doing cool things but it's a you you
you hold a special place in our little
shows heart and
don't forget everything we do here
you've got Monday you've got natural
ones start your week off with a critical
fail Tuesday you've got the Kaos agents
Wednesday we do board games are we
playing Arkham this week I think we're
playing Arkham this way damn it
sorry two days off yeah you're off um
glue paint that's true those three are
live on stream we also have up on
YouTube our last our latest episode of
gloom Haven I finally we got a we
retired a character I'm very excited I'm
a new character it's a super exciting so
there's just tons of quests and chaos
stuff and we are going to be doing all
sorts of fun things done zircon is
coming up but a bunch of us are gonna be
at dunder Con come come see us there
come play games I'll be running Call of
Cthulhu for chaos iam not done zircon it
is a fantastic they made a con game it's
a two-hour game and it's a murder
mystery where you're all circus folk in
the 20s its outstanding
I'm really looking forward to it so
thank you again thanks so much for
spending part of your weekend with us
[Music]
