we've got Youssef we've got
Alexandra and we've got Professor lamb
here ready to go and last session you
did a lot of investigating in the lovely
town of lesser Edith you you found out
you you found out that there was a curse
you found a genealogy that showed that
the women in the vane family died young
there was I think the oldest one was 35
and they died suddenly and there were
not really records of how they died you
also you found out that there were
ghouls of the the ladies of Maine had
become ghouls which a quick aside ghouls
are a different sort of thing in
Lovecraft they're not like D&amp;D ghouls
per se they're not they're actually a
different they're considered a different
sentient race in Lovecraft and they are
often they're not necessary they're not
evil they're just sort of we want to
survive and we live underground and
mostly want left alone.
found the ladies of vane in that coal
mine in that mount in the hill in old
mater old Matt and you
you met them and you talked with them
and Evangeline who was also one of
the women who was actually had the curse
put on her by the witch in 16 whatever
night see tonight remember
so she explained that lovely all Janu
Eloise vane was becoming a ghoul and
that they wanted to help her understand
what she was becoming and deal with her
new life and that Eloise when she became
when she changed which was happening
more and more frequently she had no
control and so she was a ravening crazy
beast who didn't understand her hunger
and the ladies of vain want to help her
and welcome her into the family of the
long line of ladies of vain you know who
knows how other people feel about that
but that's how they felt about it and
they gave you something of an L tomato
they said that they if you didn't get
bring her in two days they would come
and get her and and then after that
cheery discussion you set off following
Silvano's lead for a surprisingly long
time wandering through tunnels until
finally you came to a door that led you
into the crypt the mausoleum of the vain
family below castlevania castlevania and
you stand at the precipice of that door
ready to open it and Silvano's like see
I knew where we were going but we're
back at the castle [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
I really do not get the credit I deserve
and then you don't look like your no
neck he no salvano and then he will and
then he will just her at the door and go
somebody open that huh after you let the
guy who isn't here I don't remember this
way out when we came through here before
there wasn't any doors we didn't we
didn't come through you have not been oh
yeah I don't remember this this this
coming this way before when we were came
out but no but it's a door and it leads
into the castle let's do it now who
wants to open it I'll do it
Oh used to opening the crypts and things
like that so just to build up the
suspense as you reach for the door you
get five hundred bits from tamago Torah
hey in honor of the touching family
reunion of the vain all the ladies of
vain thank you tearing no other Geum is
gentlemen the the bits have been thrown
uh alright so you opened the door yes uh
no listening or anything like that
because you know because so sorry
yellow you throw up in the vein the door
and and inside is a room with torches
there are lit torches on the wall
yeah it's smoky and unpleasant and it is
a large room you're you're still
underground it feels like you're you
know there's still like a chill in the
air the torches are a little making a
little hard to see you there are lines
in the wall Kia cubbies in the wall that
hold remains and everybody can make a
spot hidden role failed
hey I'll talk about it alright so you
are the first one to notice that even
before you enter the room and probably
because you were the one who opened the
door you were the first one to notice
and the room in the middle of the room
are crits so there's let's say eight
crypts in the middle of the room often
what would happen is they put sort of
the newest remains in the crypt and
they'd move older ones into the cubbies
as they went in the catacombs and so
they're there of those eight only one of
them is open and you made the spot
hidden role so there is a figure by that
open crypt
it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] its shadow it's it's hard to
see in this light but there is a figure
that doesn't seem to have noticed you
okay oh we just were just walking in but
yeah you just so you know she's like
standing in the do so like like yeah you
like stand in the door and you were are
peeking in so you see all of this all
right
I'm closer let me tell them what else
did you John what what is the wrong way
the wrong place well lots lots of cubby
holes with remains in them
crypts in the middle I'm pretty sure I
could find this another way out no we'd
be no I'm sorry do we want to spend the
next three hours trailing around I
thought we are not with that crate I
thought we already found the crypts it
was another crypt good are we at the
right place with the castle do we know
that well this feels well this is this
is the mausoleum attached to the castle
correct it couldn't we found the ladies
where was the mine where they live it's
different yeah there were no there were
no coffins or anything where you found
the ladies that was not an okay gotcha
gotcha gotcha it was just a place they
were they stayed uh-uh
could just be someone visiting the moss
am I paying their respects oh it doesn't
have to be anything spooky about it I'm
sure that's what it is
well that certainly matches our luck so
far I'm being sarcastic and yes yeah
tell do we want to try to go through
here do may want to try find another way
out find another way better these tools
are very long time nice I know I know I
feel like that's directed at me yeah
just a little I miss Emma I do too oh
I know Alexandra maybe you could take a
look I'm sure all right
no like a pastor and open the door a
little bit and look in take a listen
um yes hard success hard success can I
borrow your pencil you here you here
faint the sound of someone crying
does it sound it's not Eloise divided L
in the middle way did it sound like a
man or a woman it's hard it's hard to
tell what did you get a hard success
success it's a mean okay okay
we'd like hold back and pull back just a
little bit whoever whoever it is is
crying well that's not so scary no
should we help I don't know if that's
already a great episode title yeah I
don't know if this person is going to
want us to bother them is the thing we
could help them let's just not be rude
maybe go in and apologize for the
intrusion and and you say we've been
wandering around the the minds for the
last four hours or so accident we're
just investigating the family history
we're gonna just ask them the way back
to the class where we're under the
works for me lead the way all right okay
all right so you inter yes a mausoleum
yes I still have the torch
s√≠lvio as well well flashlights gorgeous
let's be clear what is room yeah there
are open flames let's wear and like
smoke and oily and yeah yeah you guys
have electric you know it's car
batteries with lights on soft with them
which double is a weapon if you need
them to so I imagine our flashlights
would eliminate the tumour Silvano turns
his off no I keep in my heart same the
battery yeah
damn things heavy enough it doesn't get
lighter when you turn it off not how
physics work hold on let me make a
physics role that might be helpful so no
I've I've encountered people in in
burials and things before so I would be
alright so you you don't even need to
make a stealth role to sneak up on a
very drunk
Lord vain who is sitting in front of the
open crypt crying oh and as you come
around and a little light shows yeah go
go Lydia Oh Oh Lord I'm sorry it is yes
sir we don't mean to bother you but we
got a little loss so we were hoping to
yeah but we're below which is the castle
oh oh good but how do we get back into
the castle from here where we're where
I'll just put the flashlight back
towards the other door that it's behind
us essentially so yep there's a there's
another door to the mines and so did
you see her I'm not sure who you're
speaking of sir
I'm sorry this is she not here in the
crypt he looks at the open crypt she
went in there so she she she she I tried
I tried to survive without the only
thing that's ever mattered to me Oh Sara
I'm so sorry I couldn't what when did
she go in there sir months ago I I tried
to bring her back
I couldn't what did you do to try to
bring her back magic what magic I don't
know
I only sort of understood it Jeremy knew
most of it who's who's Jeremy you can
all make Intelligence role play the
butler maybe no the butler is yeah
success it's the vicar the vicar was
Reverend wrong Stratos Hey guy keeps
hiding things from us he helped me but
she she was different and she doesn't
come to visit
sir she she's not part of the family
line but she changed okay
she changed yeah she changed why did she
change how did she change was it because
of magic you used so you tried to bring
her back she came back in
fashion but she would not have anything
to do with you I mean that's rather
succinct yes hmm
so I apologize sir but it sounds that
you oh we're so sorry sir I wish there
was something she could do to help
can we come back with you to the castle
and get something to drink
stay here she comes back sir
people don't usually come back and I
know you tried she's not buried there
like your ancestors and the same fashion
as your ancestors sir I I didn't know
that was gonna happen
yeah does it have to do with the crypts
themselves perhaps I have a different
idea but look I think we should I think
we should all go back maybe she'll come
back and you can come down later and she
might be here for you I'll stay here fix
there's no harm in that I think we need
to speak to the Sun hmm is does this
door lock nope let's just close it
and see if yeah let's make just a make
sure it's closed okay well sir I'm sorry
to have bothered you thank you for
letting us know how to get back and
we'll why were you what were you doing
well we were lost we went through a cave
somewhere outside the castle and there's
a lot of different caves and tunnels
down there sir yes and we saw this door
and we went and I found it I found the
door Yvonne oh yes I appreciate that but
yes that door has probably been there
since the time this crypt was created I
read to it have to be oh yes which was
400 500 years
ya know so so yes it was we're we're
very happy that we were able to find the
door and get back in scary in there
let's let's go on upstairs yes yes yes
all right he'll take a slug from the
flask that he the bottle that he has and
he'll just softly keep crying when we're
out of earshot as we're like walking
walking back up I'm going to yeah I
didn't want to say it in front of him
but it may have more to do with whatever
the vicar used yes it may not he may
have he may have found accidentally it
were intentionally whatever it was that
turned the vein women
well the vicar implied to us when we
spoke to him just earlier today that he
could be of no help and he seemed to
imply that Lawrence was the one that had
any sort of access to the ancient of
cults and spells and thanks and he went
on about his his he does quite
believe it magic and believes more in
history and whatnot and he was not very
helpful the vicar was not very helpful
more just more talking not much action I
wonder how much of that was intentional
mhm and of course the Lord seemed to
imply that he had no knowledge of any of
this I've been told just now well in
vino veritas
mmm-hmm yes yes and now you recall that
both I think it was tit well but it
might have been some might have also
been the son who both intimated that
like you know the Lord didn't sleep at
night they you just didn't see him like
they said he was going off to work but
now you know we're here yeah so III want
to find Lawrence as soon as we get back
into a castle proper it's almost
midnight cool I still want to find him
yeah pick a news room we'll go to his
room yeah you provide all right so his
room is right next to Eloise's right and
you're just gonna like knocking
Silvano's like I don't think I'm gonna
bother the guy who is the only reason we
have beds so I'm not gonna make
it's a gang I'll be in my room you do
have not talking to a headdress what
yeah why would he do that though it's
just a piece I wouldn't I talked to it
have you met it oh it's a piece of
jewelry yourself it's the thing that
Emma was wearing oh that's a device that
helps her communicate to the divine yes
and now it's off of her do you think he
might try to I took it off of her yes
yeah he her some his own reason I I
helped her
she didn't want that thing anymore I
don't want it should I be worried about
this yes we'll talk later
I'm gonna go not talk to a headdress all
right get some sleep that's asleep
that's a good idea
Oh is your balcony door still barricaded
routinely good fair enough
let's just get Lawrence up well think we
have a couple nights anyway but it's get
Lawrence its dr. Lawrence yes you know
you never did figure out if tonight
counts towards their two night ultimatum
or not well I'm carried yeah all right
he answers in full dressing-gown yes yes
can i oh no Eloise hasn't gotten out has
she not I mean is that it I don't know
where he has a pocket watch and a
dressing not quite yet no no we meant
to come and talk to you earlier we got
somewhat lost under mom torso we
discovered quite many interesting things
but I'm very much concerned that you may
have know already what we know unless
your father seems to know quite a bit
good deal more than he leads on what is
my father not really I'm sorry your in
in in your team can we chat with you
though yeah yes please please come in
I'm I'm not in the habit of inviting
women into my bedroom let me put on a
room yes so let go and put on a
Silke kind of smoking jacket erode his
room actually has a little sitting area
there's a couch and a couple chairs and
there's a fire that you know he'll get
going all fire music with fire and tea
everybody make a listen roll Oh what is
that just a hard- I heart success yes
you hear you hear like some distant
knocking on like somebody's moving
something around yeah that's a yeah yeah
barricading even more solid seems like a
lot of people are up tonight I'm hearing
I'm hearing something knocking around
did you sit do you say that yes yes that
would likely be Eloise yes so we have
found out a few things and I'm gonna
come over and like sit down and what in
one of the armchairs and make myself
comfortable
pour some brandy thank you although we
haven't eaten dinner this might be you
know it's yeah just sit just soon Oh
that'll wake me up put me to sleep yeah
so we went in so we went and did some
investigating in the mines under her mom
tour and mm came across some rather
interesting sites do tell all the women
of your audio female ancestors all of
them every the mausoleum no no before
that before with way as we were walking
through we had heard something and and
went into one of the rooms and the curse
of the veils revealed itself to us
there Eloise
telophase yes wait Eloise was in ma'am
no no I'm just saying
no yeah what's happening to Eloise not
yet what's happened to Eloise has
happened to several all the women for
the past eight hundred years of the
veins the craving the being that is
utterly preposterous that's what we
thought too the whole situation is
preposterous it's not a curse at least
it wasn't initially a curse I think the
curse is a red herring
no they were curse I know they weren't
cursed they were worshipping Mort again
she said Mort again the cart of God went
back almost 800 years ago and he cursed
the family long before the whole witch
trials situation can do I really believe
that these women Annie Stafford and
Jeanne grandbaby they discovered the
curse themselves and they got accused as
witches for making such an accusation
against a lordly woman that's possible
but I don't think this is witchcraft
this has to do with some sort of what
they were what we need to get to the
Nugget of it for 800 years every single
woman of his family it's not good so
they are down so you met my
great-great-great-great
great-great-great great-great
great-great-great-great grandmother we
met several women that was a lady
eventually in vain that ring a bell
oh wow good roll I think that was the
that was the woman who she said
something / - she Witch Trials or
something
that's what the history says
I don't believe that's why she was
cursed as she was she says she was born
that way before the cursed
what is this cursed poppycock something
to do with we need to look into more
daguan that we need to look into I don't
know who that is I haven't heard the
name myself I'm bored again the charnel
God right there is one God one one of
one of the the gods of the Celtic
tradition maybe probably maybe something
else well we're talking about druids the
pastime or so in the mind I mean this in
the nicest possible way you are all
insane I don't believe all right maybe a
good officer absolutely have you talked
to your father recently about his his
wife Lydia your sister turns into a
beast every single night and we're the
ones that are you saying yes have you
talked to your father recently yes I had
dinner with him tonight
have you discussed it's late wife Lydia
his mother my mother yes have you
discussed her recently has he talked
about her and and has he has he
expressed any my father is a gentleman
he talks about almost nothing except
banking and what the and local politics
so he doesn't reminisce or he doesn't
talk to you about your mother
what sort of gentleman does that sort of
thing ah 1920s well he's in the crypt
right now where her body used to be and
no longer is what happened to my
mother's body he won't tell us exactly
but he did something he's here with he
told us exactly what he tried to bring
her back to life with the help of the
vicar I beg your pardon
take it up with him he's down there
drinking a lot of wine and sobbing would
you like us to escort you back down no
no I think you've done quite enough
I will go and see to my father thank you
very much all right I would I know it's
a lot to process
understandably but please go see your
father but Lawrence you have to
understand though that the the women
your ancestors they want your sister
they want her and they're going to come
here to get her unless we find a way to
solve this and what is your solution
but we don't have a solution we need to
do more research I don't know what else
we could do I think when you talk to the
director again I am very attached on the
level of your scholarship here
oh we've quite quite a bit in the last
24 hours
this situation something that you've had
for several months then well I've made
quite a bit progress I think I think he
should be happy though what we've
discovered so far I should be happy all
right sir he's he's young he's he's
still coming into his own so he's he's
very excited about some of the things
that that you know he's been able to
ascertain but you right now need to go
talk to your father
yes as soon as you leave and Irene we're
leaving the room and can I ask you a
question I doubt I could stop you
well you could you could tell me now
please have you seen your sister what
what she turns into one Jean it when she
does the transformation what does it
look like I have not I in my
understanding is that everything that
sees her like that it doesn't go well
for it matches yeah and that is why
those symbols mm-hmm were supposed to
keep her sealed and seemed to be working
but then did you take that one I don't
know
no it can't we we were we were told
about it we were told about it yes and
you have it I don't believe so
Oh did Rogers keep it I can't remember
he's too freaked out by everything
you're saying auntie and that's yes fair
at this point that's what we're hoping
yes well if you will excuse us sir yes
you know
stims have but another hall sorry and he
like puts on slippers and goes
downstairs we should retire but maybe
visit one of your rooms and talk some
more there yes yes
my rooms closest to everybody make a
successfully get it check that box for
once
yeah you hear you definitely hear
crashing from Eloise's room oh goodness
I was just getting worse it's 12:30 here
no no absolutely adore see her nope I
saw the rest of it so I figured I don't
want to see that again yeah yes let's
let's retire to my room and talk for a
bit I still have the glass of brandy in
my alright when you're all right do we
have to talk to that vicar a third time
he seems so unhelpful the first to this
point we have more information that we
can grill him about and he will be
helpful we may even be able to get dad
to come with us
I don't know no I don't think that will
happen he won't be in a good position
well what would what a what an English
Lord says when he is in his cups is not
something that he ever wants to have
brought back out when he's not - just to
be clear our current working theory is
of course his wife died mm-hmm and then
they did something to turn her into the
same things that his relatives his
ancestors are well whatever those they
knew they didn't try to do that they
tried to bring her back and then that
and it did and my and my question is did
the vicar make an unfortunate mistake or
did he do it on purpose that and if so
why and that's what I'm thinking because
the way he's been so protective yeah I
am yeah hmm I'm thinking if we confront
him I'm just wondering it sounds like of
course we looked at the family tree only
one of the female relatives lived at the
age of 35 the rest were all very young
after they changed they weren't put in
the mausoleum and then they went out
into the tunnels essentially it seems
like they did but there was one that was
35 which one was that that's quite a
long life especially remember if she
would be living under the curse for 50
was it was not a consequential one
it was a let's say a daughter in the
1830s and I mean maybe she was a
prisoner for 17 years and a ruby was her
name and finally succumbed maybe this
sounds very horrible it does but I
didn't I didn't get the impression that
those things we saw were people that
were dead that were brought back to life
there's something else I mean maybe we
we don't know that they were all marked
at least as dead in the genealogies yes
so it may be that they died and then
came back or they said that they died in
order to cover up what actually happened
I'm not sure well they built a special
family mausoleum just rang that purpose
Tilden are you married it buried at the
church Abbey and none of them have been
they're Jeremy brought the Lord's
wife back
she went into the tunnels with all of
the vain women we've had picture of her
so I knew what she looked like
I know if we'd recognize her now I'll be
a painting on the walls yeah have you
seen this woman you just like study it
and get an idea of what she looks like
so sketching is one of my things there
you go you know well this I could get
sketch they said two nights we have two
nights I know does tonight count
probably so then I suppose the real
question is do we think that this is
something that we can solve it hasn't
been solved for 800 years I don't think
I think the only solution is to persuade
them to let her go go talk to those
people down on the ground again and I'm
not hurt them you're the family yeah oh
so horrible you said it's all so
[Laughter]
sorry
a different character would see it
differently yeah I'll shoot Donald's
already shooting things that that would
be do you think we could find our way
back to them yes we could we know how to
do it I mean it seems likely it's been
twice you've you've been there so well
once that we found one that we found
them and if we had her they'd want to
find us that's the only thing I can
think of this is because how do we solve
occur let's take her along with us then
again is there I'd like to know who this
more ticket is and you know I have a
feeling does any of you have it do any
of you have any crazy books or are those
all Emma knows it is it possible this
another library or their secret pages
room might be easier to get into this
yes
what what what if we look to the Lord's
personal broom or other places we
haven't been before I think the Lord
knows more than he's telling
we've been the library but he may have
some journals he does have a personal
office yeah he's busy crying and every
sarcophagus right now why don't we go
there right now because there's a butler
who appears and disappears out of
shadows yes well someone could distract
the butler I could be going too I'm not
I'm not uneducated but I am NOT the
library user okay well how about you you
and I go you open the door and you want
me in all of that and then you can say
something's going on with Emma and maybe
at the butler distracted with him
upstairs where we go downstairs to the
office all right okay are you all right
yep
all right that's it's late for this all
right let's do it
I'm gonna yeah it's heading towards 1:00
in the morning yeah and yet somehow when
you like so what's your plan my plan
is actually to go to to Emma's room
uh-huh
and tell her we need a distraction and
be your distractions all right you tell
Emma you tell the unconscious supine
form of Emma that's okay
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but I'm gonna go over there and
secretly you feel that Emma approves at
this place I'm sure jiminy or emanating
from her is the sense of all right
we're going to do is I'm going to put a
hot cloth on her so her head gets really
warm and then I'm gonna say oh my gosh
she's burning up okay now you remember
there is a coal yes that's what I do
okay so yeah and then when they come up
alarmingly quickly after you hit this
tidwell's fully dressed yes yes yes mum
ah she's burning up we're going
downstairs and require the doctor mum I
do you have anything here that we could
use first before we call a doctor you
know do when I remind you the doctor
lives in the castle Wow yes you're a
wonder Tidwell
I appreciate you yes let's get that
let's get the doctor here please very
well I shall return shortly
oh and and and and and when he already
yeah when he passed my room we slipped
down here so yeah he will go and he will
bring back the doctor and the doctor
will like you know it takes some time as
he's waking up the doctor yes and
we'll cut downstairs so you guys make it
down the stairs
both of you make luck rolls let's see if
the doctors room is downstairs success
14 I just missed it all right you got
one success that's all you needed so no
the doctor's room is not downstairs cool
so you you know you you basically know
what you sort of know where the office
is there's like the second wing of the
house and you you start like trying
doors and there's you know a washroom
there's a there's a second bedroom
there's the Lord's second bedroom there
and then yeah you find the office it's a
ornate wooden desk not even locked with
like green felt everywhere and the back
wall is all books all right I'm gonna
like before I go into the office and do
like a scan of the office to see if
there's anything that jumps out is weird
sure try ass pocket roll I'll do it -
yeah 9406 is a good good you
that's that's the hard success hard
success seems like a lot of books a lot
of books for a fellow doesn't read very
much Oh actually you got a hard success
there is dust in this room this is
written hasn't been used that often but
well chick is desk anyway maybe it's
that maybe it belongs to the Lords the
previous eras yeah that may be his
excuse that he's using this room but
really he's somewhere else but yeah so
I'm gonna step inside with him and close
and close the door I'm sure
let's forgetting the search start with
his desk in his desk drawers and all
right
this desk hasn't been touched in years
yeah
there is desert all over it the books
dust I should say the the books are
similarly caked and dust you know
nobody's been in this room in a long
time where else maybe maybe you should
look at his bedroom then both of you
make me a library useful for checking
the books yeah see this is why I'm so
with a success you're gonna it'll happen
it's just gonna take a while hard
success would have been faster so yeah
you go through the books you find
another book about the genealogy of the
vein family I'll take that that has
you know jives with what what you've
already found listing the times of death
that sort of thing and that's pretty
much it so he comes back with the doctor
and the doctor you know will feel her
forehead and oh my she yes this does
seem to have something of a fever all
right let me and he gets like a cold
he's gonna go get a cold compress and
that sort of thing and make me a luck
roll
would you roll this your first phone
call yes
I can't inspire that nope I mean the
doctor says the doctor cut when the
doctor comes back you didn't even notice
like all of a sudden you've been talking
to the doctor of like 10 minutes Tidwell
okay
so I'll tell the doctors like I will be
right back
please keep attending to my friend
I really appreciate yes I mean she seems
her temperature has it's going come down
quickly yes good I think everything is
fine here no good I really appreciate it
I'll be right back and then maybe you
can give me some other hints of what to
do all right
I'll wait here then thank you it's a
doctor what are you doing so what I was
gonna do is go downstairs and see if I
could find out where these guys are
all right go downstairs make me a
stealth roll no it wasn't yeah no no
yeah both of you make listen rules 24
knots don't be you know all right there
are clearly footsteps in the hall do
they sound like Joan or someone else I
mean they sound like footsteps okay hmm
someone in the hall oh and then you hear
and that sounds like Joe yeah let's just
do that again for the mics just our
apologies to headphone users welcome to
crappy ASMR
[Laughter]
Jonah I thought that you were you were
distracting the the bubbler why are you
here because he'd left so just go back
to your room and pull that rope thingy
you'll have to come to the root you guys
okay all right thank you Miss Hannah I
hope you there is so Chigwell appears
like Oh looming over your shoulder this
gaunt like kind of lurchy figure as you
are both leaping out of the door of Lord
vanes office you can't help me
I found them thank you returning to your
rooms then yes well we were we thought
that the Lord was up late in his office
but he's clearly not here today well is
he up in some other room perhaps smoking
her and do you require his lordship
oh he well he told us he stays up late
and when we were both wide-awake who
thought you might have some Pleasant
conversation and perhaps a little more
brandy and cigars and well you know I
note the lack of an answer in your
answer sir we don't we do not require
him we were merely seen if he was about
very good his lordship is currently
indisposed oh all right well I should
escort you back to your rooms thank you
kindly Ted well thanks yeah he takes you
upstairs
and looms in the hallway until you
actually go in your rooms good night all
right as you are going into your rooms
make listen rolls everyone oh all right
so you all bad ears over here you you
both will hear a very faint raised male
voices downstairs maybe coming up
through a heating vent or something but
and you're pretty sure that the be the
veins are having an argument
is there a heating vent anywhere nearby
that I can go I put an ear to know what
you got oh twos yeah so somehow like you
hear I hear your voices yeah but like
somehow like the voices are coming up
into those of your rooms through the
heating vent and it seems like it is
it's a lot of Lawrence going how could
you interesting is Lord Vayne saying
anything in response a lot of blubbering
and you know the occasional like I
missed her all right mamas games it's
getting late I'm going to change and do
the quick spot bath Tran get some of the
charnel smell off yeah and then you know
go to bed all right bedtime for all of
us mmm lock locking doors oh I can't
it's very excited about having rolled a
hundred that could be good
everybody make a con roll that's not
good we're calling some oh my gosh
that's a failure on my part fail no see
yes all right
anybody who made the roll but you are
jolted awake at some unearthly hour and
you hear you don't know how nobody else
heard it yeah you hear a you're crashing
glass from where it sounds like on this
floor did you get a hard success no it's
okay it sounds like on this floor yeah
Kent yeah
I think we're both asleep basic yeah
yeah okay that seat is my room next to
one of theirs like pound on your your
room is next to Emma's of course it is
okay that's not good
all right I'm going to get up I'm gonna
go and knock on her door
your door is locked my doors locked your
door is locked from the outside
yeah okay there's a patio can I do yeah
yeah no no okay I can look outside I did
right without unlocking anything I can
drink a look outside so you pull the
drape aside you know yes probably not
just little way don't fling open yeah
you peek out make me lucky I made it
alright you see nothing and am I on the
same side of house as loses yes
can I see her nope you'd have to go out
on the balcony
shoot mm-hmm I'm going out can I
can't get out I can't do this I here to
crash pounding on people to on the
walls won't help okay
sound goes through the the vents can I
try you're gonna yell in the vent yes
you know what sure yeah what are you
yelling Anand are you wait are you
yelling haha
mmm yeah no I'm gonna be on the vent and
I'm gonna see if I can alright so what
all right that's spooky
yes if I hear it I might tuck that under
the covers no so you gotta try something
you hear sylph Otto like hello is this
the headdress oh yes go back to bed
know something there's something out
there and I hear crash yes are you going
to investigate it
no I'm I just put my bed against the
door your door locked
it's barricaded I'm not gonna take the
you barricaded the inside door yes yes
the windows I borrowed furniture and you
are no use to me good mom I don't think
did you hear the crash yes mum do you
know what it is ms vain mum I can't get
out good you are far safer in there well
thank you of course mum I'll be up to
unlock your door at 6:00 thank you of
all right I did are you gonna go out in
the patio yeah yeah all right yeah yeah
yum-yum yep out on the patio all right
blue dressing-gown and crowbar yes you
you leaned out and it's very quiet too
quiet you don't hear anything I do hear
it I heard crash do I see any glass on
the ground make a spot hidden roll I
don't remember where the calendar is or
what the moon is doing but it's getting
toward noon
yeah I didn't make it alright so yeah
you not you guys gotta go away alright
you look around you can borrow her dice
in a cursory glance you don't see
anything if you wanted to spend some you
know if you wanted to like do a more uh
yeah involved no because then something
might see me so I look I don't see
anything I'm not hearing anything else
all my senses are open and I'm not you
don't smell the death smell thank you
death smell is a seventh level spell it
kills up to thirty hit dice all right
I'm just gonna have to see what happens
do you have trouble getting to sleep and
you would swear maybe at about an hour
no all right so you finally do fall
asleep despite all of the adrenaline and
the terror and that sort of thing
and you are awoken at how badly did you
miss the con roll Oh
devil okay yeah you you will sleep in
until somebody wakes you up you do not
hear Tidwell unlock the door I guess I
needed it well you got three hours of
terror addled sleep so you need more
than that you will both wake up you know
about about 7:30 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crowing will you
know probably wake you up
mm-hmm oh I took my door yeah oh good
get ready for the morning all right Oh
respect respect fist yeah we didn't have
dinner last night I'm serving you both
head down for breakfast and nobody
else's door is open mm-hmm
Joan stores closed Silvano's door is
closed
Emma's door is closed should we go and
see if they want breakfast
oh we didn't have dinner I'm sure
they're hungry well could you send
something up so Silvana I'm not leaving
why she got out last night whoo-hoo what
she got out last night sorry I just woke
up my brain took a second to catch up
always got out so her door it looks the
same right yeah in the hallway yes it
doesn't look like she got out
here yeah porch Oh is it possible for us
to see her porch from our porch nope
you're on the other side wonder how I
could check that Emma and Joan are the
two that are on that side she came she
was on my porch you laughed at those
barricades who's the fool now not
Silvano she wasn't on my barricade I'm
going around my door if she got out then
she's probably still out maybe maybe I
mean how would she get back in do you
think she climbed back beside the cat
why would she even come back if she got
out they'd have to go catch her and
bring her back and and put her back
through her door if they caught her how
do they even know that she got out I
mean so be I didn't tell everybody she
got out there's a lot of that there's a
really easy way to find that out let's
go to breakfast I'm gonna go see if
John's up ok send something up Holly
surfaced you be a breakfast oh I'll be
down in a moment because you're hungry
I'm gonna go and knock on John's dorm
right you'll you'll hear the knock
okay fine your breakfast who is it it's
me oh geez wake up last night did you
hear the crash at all no she's out
that's what Savano son apparently she
was on his balcony okay I tried I tried
to wake you up and I was yelling into
the did that so fun off when I was the
eyes oh my yes well he had stuff to take
care of but did did you mess with him
yeah sorry I think so I heard crash last
night my door was locked
actually Tidwell answered me over the
the heater comm heater is this a game of
telephone yeah pretty much and he
answered me and and said that he would
come in let us out in the morning but
get you guys but yeah she's she's she's
out do you think she came back in I
breakfast bread would have so at
breakfast at 7:30 you're the only one
there Tidwell is like asking you know
he's asking you how you want your eggs
and all Oh a sunny-side up places and
some breakfast sausage perhaps of course
with the stewed tomatoes
of course toast Jam of course Oh what
else proper fry up some lovely pastries
perhaps oh love English breakfast
actually I detail that's one the best
breakfast I've ever had monk you know
flush cook I'm sorry that's
interesting let's go downstairs and see
what's up
yes all right I'll meet you downstairs
all right yeah you guys come down
there's a impossible large plate of food
in front of you sir the University
students
Zohan is so hungry
there none of the veins are there
Tidwell is bringing in coffee and Oh tip
well if you could ask if I could ask for
you I mean the lord and his son I'm I
feel I feel horrible that they're not
joining us for breakfast are we being
rude by eating without them Naz atolls
Lord Vayne is indisposed and his son is
attending to family business oh right
early in the morning a tea oh okay they
are nice kind of family business well
thank you thank you sir oh cool I just
call him Sir
I shouldn't call him Sir that's the
wrong thing to say to a butler there's
the door anything I said oh brother
yeah should we call you search it boat
Tidwell is fine sir oh I'm sir
mover so a super lift the English woman
do the heavy sigh so so they're not
looking for that girl working whatever
oh right probably didn't anybody hear
the fighting yes what is it stood felt
still in the room nope okay he like
Lawrence Lawrence and his father were
fighting last night oh no it was a there
was a lot of Lawrence saying how dare
you how could you and his father
blubbering and saying I missed her so I
think that was the first that Lawrence
found out about any of those well that
means that Lawrence believes us so that
well now
that's great but there was a gunshot
last night yes
when was that was that during the fight
No Oh Bree oh yeah clear after we heard
the glass break
you heard the glass broke doctor is my
last like real glass no how long after I
heard it too where's albano these
heating vents are on the Silvio would
you like what kind of jam would you like
with your toast they've got some
reserves
okay well get some preserves for you
eggs and there's a few strawberry hmm
okay just tell him to knock on the door
twice and then walk away
why'd you ring the bell because he's an
American who isn't used to Allah truth
truth truth I got to go take a barricade
down he's gonna go take away barricades
down what so after breakfast we
should investigate her room perhaps from
the outside we need to find let's just
confirm that she's still not she's she
left and she's not in the play and in
the okay okay I can do that they wait to
find out what happened last night did
she attack someone in the village I
think that the vicar is a very good
person to go talk to yes we got to talk
to that guy yeah II need to talk to him
to find out what he knows about what the
Lord was talking about
and perhaps lean on him a little bit yes
but then we also I'm actually kind of
glad that Emma's in a coma she might
feel rather upset other thing is we have
to figure out he's not Catholic ha ha
that's true
sorry but no we have to figure out are
we going you know now that she's not
here
what are the other sisters going to do
well if Eloise attacks somebody that's
bad true true but what are they going to
do when they find out well here's the
real question
did she attack someone properly and
change and there's nothing we can over
hmm well I see we can't break the curse
did they did they take her already yes
yeah that's what we need to find out I
think we need to leave the castle find
out yes after breakfast we should with
how much food you have that we're gonna
be here till noon I'm very fast mostly
done now we need to we need to we need
to stock up we need to stock up we need
to keep strong it's the most important
meal of the day it is all right so I'm
gonna sit and sit in sit down and tough
your breakfast make sure that a tray is
sent up for her Silvano in strawberry
preserves extra stuff mhm
pretty my vest you are all set by about
9:00 you're ready to head outside you
can clearly see the repair the hasty
repair job being done on Eloise's of
patio door mat answers that question yes
and so you're gonna head down into the
village is that actually are there
people who are like currently working on
the door there's a guy
we're like lean and look up at him
excuse me
hello guys hello can I ask you a quick
question
cool is Miss Eloise in there
hold on curtains drawn mmm-hmm you
just mmm no never not ready call could
you just call out and see if she
responds Oh case yet hello
buddy in there no no yeah this young
lady in there oh she isn't there
wonderful thank you
Cole's a new moon had it head off
alright so she's back in her room she's
better where's everyone else then that's
an excellent question
that's probably might find them when did
they put her back in the room she'd
probably change back with daylight if
she didn't properly change but I doubt
that she but climbed up the side of the
castle wall and is the broken glass and
to me it's unlikely someone was have
brought it back and put her in the door
we just didn't hear it maybe well I mean
I didn't hear the window breaking so
um alright I still think we should need
the vicar cuz they would go see him to
see if what he could do we didn't listen
to they care either way we need to see
her regardless all right so you're gonna
head down to village alright as you're
heading down you can yeah you can head
right for the vicar's it's not that far
and you knock on the door and what back
again
Reverend Stratton comes to answer the
door and like cannot disguise the look
on his face when he sees it to you how
can I help you so so so he hasn't met me
yet right I don't believe so I'm not
made it here two of us can we speak
inside please please come in curtain
area I'll put on tea oh good morning
hello I'm Alexandria hello I'm Reverend
come in sit and sit down yeah how we're
gonna do this I suppose you are here
about what happened last night we are
very curious about what exactly happened
last night yes how much you know we
heard some noises and
and it appears that tummy has shot
another dog why would he do that because
the last time these dogs were out two
members of our community died
well evangeline got out last night
he's stone-faced did you know about her
getting out he he doesn't react I don't
know what you're talking about oh well
maybe maybe you would know a little bit
more about we talked to the Lord
yesterday he was broke left just
sitting in his in the crypt where his
wife used to be
Lydia wasn't there and we asked what
happened he's still he's staying
stone-faced we asked what happened and
he told us quite a tale about you and
him and some of the things that you did
down there in the crypt and happily I
come here to judge us no your tone says
different I'm wondering what happened
because he was so bereft yes he was so
bereft when Lydia passed he lost
everything he and really whiny lost the
will to live and then he wanted to bring
her back yeah you helped facilitate that
I found information that potential that
I hoped could help his lordship what
information did you find I found a book
really what I hoped was that his
lordship would realize how ridiculous
this all was and that would be the end
of it unfortunately that was not the end
of it it's not the end of end grief is
ruined you you understand what's
happened to his family what has happened
to his family for 700 years it's it's
not a fantasy no it's only been
happening for about two years 800 years
wait what are we all talking about what
what are you talking what are you
talking about when you're talking about
the last two years I believe you
Americans call it home-field advantage
what are you talking about child I'm not
an American I'm sorry another frustrated
we came yesterday with Lawrence and I
thought that you were helping Lawrence
solve the curse that was bereft of his
family for many of generations you are
aware the curse that his sister was
suffering from and Lawrence seems to
think that you were trying to help solve
it
his lordship started the curse there is
no 800 year curse there there actually
is it's been going on for almost 800
years every single female would like to
continue to tell me my story oh no
should I tell you my story can we give
you a little bit more to give to your
story when we went down and we saw the
Lordships in there there's no body in
that Creek
yes two two years ago what happened
unless again you would like to continue
my narrative now please oh I will hear
your new narrative two years ago his
lordship swore me to secrecy and asked
me to help him bring his wife back no
matter the cost
right I found a ridiculous occult book
from a ridiculous er a cultist name it
wasn't mr. Crowley was it it was yes
Carson he's quite famous on that fellow
again yeah he provided me with a book
that had a ritual in it that would
return the dead to life he was very
careful to tell me that there would be a
cost involved with this yes what was the
cost
I naturally assumed the entire thing was
poppycock but I also thought being being
I thought it might bring some comfort to
his lordship understanding some finality
perhaps a sense of an ending that he was
not that he was not able to feel but
things didn't go quite the way you've
lived apparently mr. Crowley is somewhat
more accomplished than I considered the
ritual was terrifyingly successful and
within minutes of its completion every
female member of the vein family sat up
and walked out of the crypt oh that's
wish we ever told a very different story
you what you're telling us is you've
seen with your own eyes that they all I
was there what did they look like
when they walked out barely human but
his lordship recognized Lydia and Lydia
recognized him they were they were that
was Lydia what did the others look like
as if they'd been turned inside out
yes and they they took Lydia
and left into the into the hills but
prior to that all of them were corpses
in the mausoleum yes well that they
didn't look to Cade they look something
like something else like people who had
been turned inside out yeah which is
very different than a decaying body or a
body that been in a sarcophagus for
hundreds of years they didn't look like
they did not
when they were when this ritual was
completed that was what every woman
every female member of the vain family
of the vain blood looked like where's
the book except Lydia Lydia was the only
woman not of the vain bloodline she
wasn't dead
oh no she saw she was dead she was the
target of the ritual yes all the rest of
them became targets yes now perhaps this
curse that you speak of mm-hmm perhaps
it was somehow nascent li trigger
triggered by this ritual I I have no
idea all I know is what I saw
where's the book I destroyed it Oh what
we need the book to undo whatever it was
that you did do you not think I read
that book cover-to-cover hoping beyond
hope that there was some way to undo
what I did there was none and that book
was a terrible evil what did the ritual
entail there was it was burning a number
of things in a very specific urn and
what sort of urn it was a silver you
were a pitcher with very specific
symbols on it where is the pitcher I
destroyed it do you remember what the
Oh 90 No
damn what was the name of the ritual it
didn't have it did it VOC did have the
book the name Mort again at all make a
psychology role no no it it I mean it
was in a language that I've never heard
of who participate in the rituals just
the two of myself and his lordship and
acquired it required some of his blood
and no other cost other than blood I
mean it it took his wife from him the
cost was his hope in his sanity and his
sanity his I mean he is a shell of
himself and I just passed out Aleister
Crowley the last time his lordship left
well Lily arrived he was rather spry and
traveling about with us going on trips
we went out hunting with him reefy yes
huh well I mean in fairness he's not had
visitors in quite some time that might
be one of the things to help draw him
out of it mmm possibly lawrence knows
now what happened he and his father got
into a fight about it well I I have lied
to that boy for two years is there
nothing else you can tell us we're
trying to help the family undo this this
this terrible tragedy there's nothing
else we can do I hear I mean maybe you
could call this Crowley gentleman or why
are this Crowley gentlemen I don't have
much time
no I the book contained nothing about
undoing the things it did instead most
of it was literally gloating about what
it had made you do it was as if the book
knew what was going to happen it seems
entirely likely those sorts of things
are hmm if I now wish I'd started at the
end of that book and read backwards what
did it say at the end it mocked me for
all right and thanked me for unleashing
the forces that I unleashed okay and
they are forces to be reckoned with we
saw them they are still they are still
here they are still in your mind in the
minds and they were going after well I'm
gonna need to tell tummy about that they
want Eloise and they want her now they
they say she is going to be kind she is
what uh-huh hasn't that family suffered
enough
I would think Sam true we were hoping
that you would have some way to help
some way if we could reverse this um
something you might have noticed that my
help has gone tragically tragically awry
but you have helped us thank you for
giving you've given us information that
we desperately needed well and I
appreciate it thank you his small solace
but but thank you information is one of
the greatest weapons in this fight I
hope it is not a fight
a fight of some variety anyway whether
it's you know physical or against the
principalities and powers the evils of
this world isn't that what your your
book says yes what did tummy shoot last
night did he really shoot a dog I am Not
sure I mean I think it I mean he says it
was a dog mm-hmm I mean if you saw one
of the one of the women yeah you would
be giving in the tub in fairness that
describes tummy on most days fair enough
[Laughter]
all right do we want to talk to Tommy
and see if we can't get some more of the
action from him yeah
so the constables office is his house
yes
it also contains one of the few phones
in this town ah that may be useful so
you go and you knock on constable Hubert
tum wells door that Tommy met that fella
and he like the door is like a you know
wooden door with glass windows in it and
when he sees it's you he puts on his
police cap and he opens the door and he
says mornin how can I help you
oh good morning constable we were very
concerned about the gunshot we heard
last night what's that you were someone
oh nothing to worry about just once
again another another one of those dogs
out and about but Tommy took care of me
did what happened to the body of the
carcass of the dog well I shot it and it
ran off oh you didn't I thought you
killed it well I mean I'll shot it it's
gonna bleed to death but maybe you just
winged it maybe it's still out there
well well then I'll shoot it again all
right was it a pack of dogs or a single
dog it was a big old dog just one big
old doughnut it looked like big ol dog
big old dog yeah where was this
approximately Oh out about where I shot
the last one close to mam tall hmm when
you shot the last one did it did you
recover a body no oh did you ever find a
body of it of a dog now just say you was
investigators from London you'd have to
tell me you was investigators from
London right if they were here before
that that's the rules we'd have to tell
him if he were and we're not I'm
actually a student from the University
of Oxford right well I mean between you
me and the wall I'll shoot a big old dog
it goes that way I'm going that way yeah
that is certainly fair okay thank you so
much for your for your assistance cool
cool let you just let Tommy know if you
can help thank you okay thank you as we
get away from the building new let's go
find that spot yes I don't think we're
gonna find anything there maybe not but
I'm interested to see what else might be
there yeah or not
well how are we gonna know which spot it
was he told us last time did you
remember
well in general but I have a feeling
he's shot at something didn't hit
something and ran away okay I agreed but
maybe we can see something maybe there's
prints maybe there's something there I
guess it's worth the shot but I do want
to speak to Lawrence again about last
night silvano is gonna miss out on track
rolls look we all suck at track rolls is
equal to track yes yeah but he'd use
inspiration mmm he would so do we track
her to do it for him no hmm let's go
have a quick look and then we can go
back and see if I can't find Barnes I'll
go back for lunch do you run entirely on
your stomach oh I think it empties so
fast I need to kind of just couldn't
hungry a lot I miss that metabolism have
you ever considered carrying like trail
bread or something with you a snack I
should oh that's such a good idea I know
that you took them that was so smart you
took some things with you I took a good
roll or something I'm gonna do that so
you might pass it I passed him a piece
of the roll oh nice yeah that's a lovely
sweet roll the frosting is a little
goopy after being in a jacket for No Oh
fuzzy
yeah
so you can all make track rolls like
wandering randomly around there was no
before approximately where where tummy
had shot the last one so that should
narrow the area down but I'd like to see
tracks and know would anyone like to
inspire their track roles or spend luck
I would be completely out of luck see
that's my problem yeah ten yeah no
anybody close I had a forty-three no
three as well and this economy only
works if you people spend inspiration I
would make the Sheep give us more come
on kind of like to keep the four to go
into next week when we take Amy back
she'll spend them yeah exactly
how what else I mean I don't really have
anything else that would help the
natural world a cult I couldn't write it
if somebody gets a hard to buy hidden
success you'll get something I'm trying
let's try to get this right
spotted yep nope that's on it's our
success
speaking of this wonderful economy of
ours our dear friend Andrea of the burbs
birds-of-paradise
yeah has 500 bits unfortunately it's for
the players yeah see that's just the
easiest one to get to throw in that's
why I'm over there thank you for the mug
by the way Tiana's saw the super sad
moment where I opened it and I was like
a black mug what a thoughtful gift it
was hilarious and that I was like why
put hot water in it
[Laughter]
not my not my greatest moment what a
deeply personal gift a black mug I was
gonna tell on you you you told yourself
friend hi I'm always here to tell people
how I am but hidden so yeah you made a
hard success so as you're trying to
track this thing and failing miserably
you do notice on a
on a on a on a bramble like a small tear
of blonde hair Oh Alexandra
okay I'll shouldn't do that damn phone
yeah there's there's like a small torn
piece of blonde hair how high up is it
is it roughly like person to high or is
it slower out you lower there
yes yes well well this clearly is human
here it looks like not a dog here right
no I mean a little bit lost get that to
the lab yeah it's a little bit longer
for any dog that I've ever say blood
spots or her that's awesome we have to
make we're swear SCI for this mmm what
the Oh No the muffin mage has 500 bits
to whoever can say what is on the
teleprompter right no no that's from
cookie i love crap that means i ragequit
wasn't the one the car a couple of the
words one of the cards in betrayal
legacy required saying that to get if
you could say it you got like something
and sighs spent like 20 minutes since
can use it fully moroccan Cthulhu R'lyeh
went off for talkin i mean i have to bow
and all and that's a good look for that
one there's actually in somewhere it
might be in the rule book there's
actually a phonetic spelling of i have
not memorized it i just made half that
up yeah i'm keeper so i win yeah thank
you muffin mage i thought is an awesome
name of course this is also from the
person who pronounces it done which I
don't know man you were pronouncing that
done it toward the end there that was
Stockholm City or as you would say Stu
cool
still cool so yeah you you all see
there's a shock of a tear of blond hair
that was searching around that tear for
footsteps paw prints in the track boat
you don't see anything else anything
place we have a point of origin use I'll
give you another track roll with
advantage oh here we go because we know
where to look look around this this
location shot
best is 44 is the best I got
that's not as you spin luck I don't
spend luck but do you guys mind if we
spend one one one shot do it one shot
what a marriage let's do it let's track
this let's do it I usually tend 22 is
alright so you spend it's now almost
lunchtime as you spend a great deal of
time thinking I got point of origin it's
kid fun all right let's head back to the
castle for lunch and if we can't I
figured that would and see if we can't
find Lawrence or Lord vain and I also
want to see if we could figure out if
there's a picture of Lydia around I
would love to be able to sketch that out
and we are we going back I think we're
gonna have to let's go no no no no I
don't think you mean we're what we mean
what do you mean go back to see the
women no that's not what I mean lunch
now but I think I think we do have to
figure it out I mean go back to the
castle yes we're going back as a first I
mean that first do not have lunch with
the ladies of vain no that would be in
vain
I did make the Castlevania choker so you
make it back and Lawrence is at lunch
good and he he you know he thanks you
again for I'm sorry that I was so
scornful last night and it was late and
it's been a trying time and it seems it
will continue to be a trying time what
did you learn Lawrence when you spoke to
your father that my father used some
sort of dark art to try and bring my
mother back from the dead
try yeah yeah try she's not alive right
but she's some sort of thing did he tell
you about the other women as well no we
don't war soaked I'm so confused the
vigor claims claims that that the magic
that brought your mother back also rose
every other woman in that crypt of the
vein blood is terrible and terrifying
and that's what we encountered down in
in the mines you saw my mother we don't
know if we saw your mother I want I was
gonna ask if you have a picture of her
that I could sketch so we could we could
of course there's a portrait of her
right over here he'll show you a port
traffic right now you can make it my
sketch yeah we thought we saw a number
like to make the schedule
see how yes it's gonna be you know good
enough but yeah did you make it yeah all
right but it's still it's a serviceable
scheduler okay we saw a number of women
one of whom introduced herself as
Evangeline so we didn't see you at do we
we may have seen your mother about you
you know we didn't recognize her do we
recognize the portrait let's get on it
so it's much yeah it looks very
different it's a little it's harder to
tell that none of the other women seemed
to really have hair mmm-hmm none of the
ladies of vain hmm okay now that make
sense that make sense what happened last
night Lawrence after you spoke to your
father
Eloise got out and what did you do
I found her when she when when the Sun
rises she turns back and I found her and
brought her home there was a gunshot
last night she oh she okay
hi she doesn't I didn't see her hurt at
all
okay okay no one else in town was hurt
not that I know of no no so she's back
in the room right now
yes she usually if she gets out she
sleeps most of the day sorry but we have
to tell him we have to tell him tell him
when we saw the ladies of vain they told
us that Louise was changing and that
they needed her to be brought to them so
she could change fully correctly and not
bring her to them now we haven't we've
been going back and forth we wanted to
talk to you about what to do in this
situation I know I don't want her to be
hurt and I don't know how we're going to
deal with those other women but they
make try to come here and take her and
uh yeah if I had I mean I know it's a
lot to take in but we have to figure out
what we're gonna do well we're not gonna
give my sister to those things that's
right
okay so that's it are not an option we
can't undo the curse
we have must let me step it's a boy the
Reverend Indian told us that he
destroyed all the books I don't know if
that's true or not do any knowledge of
what books the books that he and your
father used in order to cast the spell
that returned your mother to the
unnatural life that she has and every
woman down there that is a sentence and
a half yes yes it is when when you
talked to your father he didn't mention
anything about books or anything like
that that he kept no my father can
barely string a sentence together when
there's a drunk is that understand but
as it kept anything you know in a locked
box in a desk or something things old
ancient tomes are a journals are yes
well I understand how that sounds but
maybe he inherited from his father my
father it's not a reader or did he held
on to it was given to him that he never
read himself I mean I have no idea I
mean his I could look we could look in
his office oh okay I guess we could well
unless we can find something quickly we
we don't have a lot of options I'm
hoping they pray and it's something in
the family history there's some some
knowledge that you had that we could use
I mean we're overlooking the most
obvious solution
tell me call Crowley oh that fellow yes
hey Vaughn don't call him Oh does he
know it no do you want to help
nope nope your dick possibly no hey is
that lunch not for you yeah it's
actually lunch it's pretty much cold
cuts the Vicker nose in front of them
yes and yeah Bobby has a phone good
Bobby has a found I think that practical
that would be we could call him from
London easy to come here it's good
taking the day to come here we can ask
him what sort of spell was used and if
there's a way to counter it with a phone
he'll tell us possibly maybe he is a
very extravagant personality a big
opinion like she likes just share his
knowledge because it makes him smarter
than the rest of us and it works best
agreed he's a kid believe it not it what
are you talking about me I don't know
this fellow I can't imagine that he
could get here and do whatever this he's
done other than mess everything up
mm-hmm it's Crowley's specialty yeah
well what I'm trying to remember dude
did the vicar say that Crowley was here
nope so they did this on their own he
got a book right no we had more time
maybe I mean we don't have a lot of time
but it doesn't necessarily mean that
Crowley has to be here for it if he
could tell us what book or if you could
tell us what things to do we could even
write it down it's a long shot guys it
didn't go well that is a long shot what
we do you've taken a few of those what
we do right well there's if that doesn't
work you of those
sister has to be somewhere else maybe
you put her on a train or something
tomorrow I would well if she stays here
though those women will come again yeah
but if she goes when changes somewhere
else I don't know a train compartment
there's not terribly sturdy I mean she
only changes at night we could get her
somewhere during the day and then it's
it's not a terrible idea and then what
if just a tone and then what cabbage is
a sanitarium oh yes for priori who a
priori I'm sure if we made enough a
healthy donation they would I miss
Octavia hmm oh he he can make the
donation yes I'm just never mad hmm but
that's all I've got
keep her away from danger and then he
give us more time I'm at the very least
we're not gonna get her off anywhere
tonight
there isn't enough time well what
someone's you didn't make any sort of
it's noon sundown is what's seven and
she changes him oh no it's it's it's
February sundown it's like 5:00 then she
chooses oh yeah she changes not at
sundown it's we get here somewhere by
midnight mmm that gives him 12 hours
maybe ten hours of travel twelve out to
where I don't know your lordship I could
fire up the car and you know with you
know with enough petrol I could probably
get her a hundred miles away and what's
a hundred miles away far enough away
from those women maybe but if she
changes regardless Derby
hey Bobby Bobby mm-hmm
that's all I've got I think we tried to
reach Crowley first because if we can
good if we can figure out a way to undo
this I mean as Lawrence said what
yesterday day before the day is for all
running together for me Eloise is a
straw as a headstrong young woman and I
mean she's asleep right now
so do either of you two know mr. Crowley
yeah we've met
no yes you do you coward it mister well
then what have you should talk to him
I'll talk to him damn it
fine all right
so you're gonna go use Tommy's phone
yeah call you get the number from The
Vicar mm-hmm and it rings for three
minutes
he's look at my watch and then try to
figure out he might be I mean he might
have had a party last night
finally you hear like a fumble like
hello mr. Crowley who wants to know
mm-hmm Alexandria Hoffa do you remember
me traveling with with it with a lovely
young man named Silvano like it's really
no man Aleister Crowley's fickle look
I'm sure you're very nice but I
guarantee you the child is not mine I
haven't had any children by anyone and
no worries and that is the story no I
had a question about a ritual why why I
wanted to ask for your wisdom my
what a shame
he's Amy's consultation fees a thousand
pounds oh that's too much yeah do you
it didn't sound like a terrible memory
bringing someone back from the dead a
lady named named Lydia look you're gonna
have to be more specific I've brought a
lot of people back from the dead someone
who came back looking like her insides
were on the outside that is more
specific I raised an entire mausoleum
full of people at the same time I don't
think I've ever done that no I mean it's
a book Shh it sounds like something I
could do but no no I don't think I've
ever done that someone the a a a person
a reverend used your your information to
bring someone back from the dead and it
worked
that is delicious isn't it just vicars
bringing people back from the dead this
is a world Aleister Crowley wants to
live in well it's very Christian isn't
dead Jesus coming back from the dead and
all that I'm less interested you know
huh the point is there was unintended
side effects which I understand happens
a great deal with magic not libel I'm
not saying you are I'm asking for your
help
thousand pounds information first
consulting fee people are dying every
day mmm people are dying at the hands of
something that you helped bring into the
world
I mean you you're gonna need to be more
specific
negotiate
how much do we have not that much what
they do the veins did yeah they do I'm
not going to negotiate on their behalf
yeah we can't no well thank you for your
time mr. Crowley wait wait wait
do me a favor mm-hmm breathe into the
go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yourself mr. Crowley I'm trying
I guess that didn't go so well
hmm Wow it's nice to be glad I wasn't on
that phone I might have been more
entertaining if you weren't actually hmm
anyway mmm we're not gonna get anything
out of him short of trying to get a
consultation fee we've got we've got to
talk to the vein said I mean that's
assuming that he can undo like that one
of the things that we keep running into
with magic is that it's really hard to
undo things and I impossible even you
guys have run into this before
hmm well we've run into a couple things
we know that that magic does take its
toll it does take a certain amount of
something either from you or for the
people that you're helping so it's still
part of the lore insanity but yes about
right yep
I mean in fairness it could have also
been an army of undead way of skinless
women suddenly sitting up that's true
that's another side effect I mean that
seems like so when you made that symbol
it pulled something from you right
that's what you said what's the plan
outside the energy mm-hmm how how are
you back at the castle yes we're we're
on the road between the village and the
castle over we're going back but we're
trying not not to it's no - yeah - 2:30
we're running out of time you're running
out of time the only way the girl can be
safe is if she's away from those other
women that's not necessarily the case at
all what other their ideas do we have
she's going to turn regardless of
whether she's near them or not
if we could buy more time and learn how
to solve this I don't know that's all
I've got
either that or we let let it happen
I mean this this not being a
generational curse changes a lot of
things we can't look at the family
history it doesn't it doesn't work
anymore
the women themselves told us it was why
would that love what's interesting to me
do they remember something differently
why would they make that up and tell us
the story especially using the charnel
god cannibalism and debauchery anyway we
can find more about this more together
and who he is and what his followers
became or become or wish to become I
mean we don't have access to a very good
library here is there any other library
that the church was not helpful any
other libraries he chuckles to himself
this must be something where oftentimes
people keep this knowledge secret they
don't just share it with us are they
happy special books well we did get
enough to go back into the office we
didn't have enough time to look at stuff
or did you know and being that soothing
well I'm being there with the Lord Sun
means that we have time to actually look
at the books not do a quick skim over
like wipe the dust off the bindings and
look at hater you know sometimes they
keep these things in the mausoleum
perhaps they like old old fogey you
talking about the actual mausoleum um
down below yes if there was some
horrible looks and stuff in there they
would have they have told us that they
would have told us yeah we've had to pry
everything all right them we can we can
do something where we we can't leave I
hate to do this but we don't all have to
be sitting in that library making books
I can go down with the lordship to go
back down into the mausoleum and see if
we can find anything there I think he
wouldn't mind going back down and I'm
happy to go with you but we need you to
look at the books I did look in the
office but it where else can we look out
unless there's another library in this
house there could be a hidden library
but who will tell us Ted did well
Tidwell can we don't say it again Kim -
in the middle of the village oh yeah
right
can we get him to help us and see if
there is anything because I think if
especially if the Lord says that we need
maybe not even necessarily the Lord but
the Lord's son yeah it's worth a shot
yep it's okay you have to understand
English butler's are a breed of their
own hmm he seems like is they know
everything but they don't necessarily
want to share any of it
oh no because a butler who shares
anything of the family is speaking out
of house but if we he was asked to share
if he was asked by one of the family
that's more possible yes he may know
things that the other family members
don't know about the house with the
castle so let's get back all right all
right on that thrilling cliffhanger note
we're gonna take a break
Oh us to see what happens with the
pulse-pounding
conversation with Ted well that is to
follow
ken well you're gonna have to wait as
long as it takes only for people to use
one bathroom we'll be back in a couple
minutes
[Music]
you
[Music]
and we have returned to this the climax
perhaps of this entire episode I I think
I don't want to oversell this but this
could be the most dramatic moment in
quests and chaos history you find
Tidwell wow that's some buildup don't
burn this that's gonna say don't do that
Florence with us you can grab Laurence
first yeah because there he's not gonna
tell us again without one of the family
mr. 10 will proceed well yes American
mr. Tidwell was my father
ah gotcha dude well we need to know if
there is a secret or a hidden cache of
books papers history of the family
we need to delve deeper so we can try to
fix what's happening here we've been
talking to Laurence you are seeking his
Lordships secret library yes such a
thing exists yes and yes yes sir we
would really really like access to that
I wish want to understand that no word
of the contents of this library must
leave the premises we the only thing is
if we need to go into the mines with
some of the information we may have to
do that about will this ask his lordship
oh oh if he gives us permission only
Laurence if his lordship approved uh
wait Lawrence the difference between his
lordship
well I'd rip her Lawrence the other than
desert this lordship approves us being
able to - yes his lordship is indisposed
lorilee understand but we are trying to
help him we're trying to help the family
we can agree to secrecy
yes that's agreed but I want to make
sure of the the specific aspects of
those saying that we can't take it away
from the private premises we ain't have
to well we the information of the
existence of these materials must not
leave this premises I think that's
agreed yes I mean we could agree to very
promise read very well excuse me
Tidwell disappears and about two minutes
later he returns with a locker with a
metal box and he there's a key in it and
then he turns it and he opens it and
Tidwell like looks at Lawrence and says
you may wish to avert your eyes and
inside are like salacious dime-store
novels with you know scantily clad women
and that sort of thing
and he just holds the thing - you all
right the sick woman who wears pants
candlelight Lawrence is like yeah I'm
gonna I'm gonna like pull out make sure
at the bottom there is a leather-bound
tome that is featureless pull it out
hand it to okay who wants it justice
spectacles a bit both of us sure yeah
yes well no the professor's like I
finally got one I'm Sharon all right I'm
sure
I'm gonna put the the salacious books
back in carefully and hand that box back
all right I'd like Pete Tidwell look
surprised
and he'll disappear
sure you can so this seems to be this
seems to be the fevered scribblings of
lord vane post like almost directly post
the horrible thing the incident yeah two
years ago diarrhea the instant yes two
years ago okay and it it does see I mean
according to him every woman in that
place got up and walked out okay hmm he
describes the scene in terrifying detail
and and he also describes the ritual
that they did in all sorts of detail
there was a burning of herbs there was
in this silver you were and he draws the
symbols that are on there agree and do I
you can make a hieroglyphics roll look
at our graphics as well you could
anybody who want that as IRA glyph let's
do it can make a hieroglyphics roll
first remember actually if you both make
a success I'll count it as a hard
success or like if you make a success
it'll improve ants mine I'm epic right
now oh you've got a critical yeah darn
Wow I failed mine alright so with a
these hieroglyphics spell out niala
though tip has she has she heard that
phrase before
I don't know have you heard and I arla
thought before do not keep referring to
him as the black line yeah but yeah I
don't think I don't know if I've heard
yeah freeze so you might even like say
do you have Cthulhu Mythos no okay no no
we both of 0 yep lucky you
I mean so you mean it maybe you say it
out loud I don't know yes cuz I'm trying
to say all right now things I show
anybody with Cthulhu Mythos can make a
role I mean you know who that is I think
I know exactly who that is but I mean I
have yes I five points give me this
I got a twenty eight which is great but
it's been it's been luck
I like how you keep trying to get us to
do that no I'm going to spend you know
24 points of luck you get a lot of cool
information so and they go mad yeah
we you know you want to rewrite it you
want to ride the ride you buy the ticket
so yeah that name means nothing - yeah -
either of you but that is what is
inscribed was inscribed on the you er
okay
in sort of really old hieroglyphics okay
and because you got such an awesome role
actually I'll give you that it was you
know around the third dynasty okay but I
know that Nitin nyla thought oh yes and
I've heard that yeah so I'm just like
pale yeah you can both see that she
reacts to that name Alexandria what is
that what does that mean to you oh well
um I was kind of hoping he wasn't
involved anywhere in this area but well
I I don't know that name for me any
Egyptian mythology or history it doesn't
exist he's not a God or demigod or a son
I don't know what to call it there's a
Pharaoh's by the name of that name a
creature that's outside of this world
and with the hotel
yeah the back ends without suffix yes
please go ahead academic your way out of
this but wait I can't remember actually
mean something phonetically would would
I be able to put I'm thinking I might be
able to put it together since we have
the hotep and we have Faro and we have
you guys have talked about black fur oh
we've met [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] black bear oh yeah
that I should be able to put it together
that's the name it should be all good do
either Ferro Joan yeah the man
it does sound a Gyptian but it's not a
name I've ever heard before
no because this is something that we've
only encountered in the magic realm
people like Aleister Crowley and his
his name is that an ingredient in the
ritual as far as move into hieroglyphics
that were on the the you were that they
use it's possible that they're
essentially making an offering to him
via the yu-er and he is the deity
they're calling to in order to enact so
so actually you know have you read the
whole thing so you know you what you
know of niala though tip is all this but
it seems like the ritual itself involved
how was he involved with more ticket and
actually I'll give you an occult role on
that no check the right maybe I got
something on that yes oh you got it
I mean it's a good I feel I get a hard
success no but I made it all right
jacket oh my god okay good I'm having
another one if yeah with with with
the regular success you will you'll get
that in your expiry
it's strange for rituals to call on more
than one God okay so this ritual is
calling on Mort again right it called it
it's using more than one God and why
aren't using the black Pharaoh's name
yes are they are they working together
does one work for the other is what a
servant of the other don't know yet we
haven't been able to get enough
information I don't even know anything
about this mornig n I've never heard of
that one either they don't teach us a
lot about the law at Oxford they don't
really bad there are parts of Egypt in
the Egyptian religion oh there's just at
us we just don't know that much is it so
much rich history and has been lost it's
so much of the old ways buried maybe
deliberately a lot more poor history's
been lost I mean the libraries burned
sands of time destroying what knowledge
we did have people chisel into my names
yes yes all right so yeah it calls to
gods and so yeah the it walks through
the ceremony okay you burn the herbs and
then it lists exactly what you say oh
well he wrote it yeah he wrote it now
okay like he wrote down the invocation
in his like this was like his last
moment of clarity of like he remembered
everything and he wrote it all down and
like the tone of his writing is like
it's like against his will he's writing
this all down what language is he he's
writing in English but the words of the
ceremony oh the words the ceremony yard
not in a language you recognize probably
let me sing what languages do you speak
that Arabic English and then I put
hieroglyph as well nope
so it's not in it's not in hieroglyphics
it's not in Arabic
nope higher etics or whatever either
where yeah okay but it's it's it's
written almost phonetically okay and we
don't recognize the sounds we're not
saying they're not loud
for the record no we're not going to do
any invocation to have any of that I'm
not even gonna say the mr. howtechs name
again
but the the purpose of this ritual was
that bring a dead person back to life
yes well that's old it was to do it some
I don't know if this reference actually
works in nineteen twenties but whatever
it's a monkey's paw sort of wish you get
exactly what you asked for
maybe not the way you wanted what
interesting why don't want a monkey's
paw what are you gonna do with a
monkey's paw I mean people people carry
arrived became people carry Roberts
flesh I'm for luck should we keep it
copy you're alone in the ought they left
you alone in the office we should get uh
we should I think the very least we
should look no no no no I'll get pen
paper and get to work on copying workers
work yeah you adjourn no problem yeah it
takes you to do a lot of half an hour
yes this is what you do transcription
yes it's sort of your thing
yeah so it's about 3:30 yes what what
could I call this raised the dead call
it transcription of vain ritual yeah
mm-hmm there we go anything else that
journal yeah was it was that the only
thing that was written about was just
that that's it nothing after nothing
that was the end of it so he talked to
the ritual he describes what he saw all
that and afterwards all all that's
written is I just wanted to see her
again and that's the last line I don't
know what to do well that does make
three of us huh I'm sure it does
our good friend the hedonistic Neil has
500 bits for the player with the lowest
sanity I'm guessing in the absence of
Emma it's gonna be Alexandra me and
rusty bug I know you were that would
have been fun she cast shield no thank
you
and for the bit and for the sad Thank
You Jay Matthews 85 just gifted eight
subs but he couldn't given me more bits
instead
that is awesome thank you that's come I
happen to know that Jay Matthews is a
big Cthulhu supporter so I appreciate
that thank you so much swing we are
having a lot of fun telling our story
and you have been a part of it and
someday these two bits will kill someone
I'm saving them with so Vonnegut's back
yeah you know there are people at this
table I've never killed so I have
looking at me
I've killed me he's looking at me right
now although in fairness I think Thomas
killed Amy really I I was only the
facilitator but if Silvio goes we know
who's coming next right or the mustache
reject you
technicality the one the one shot that
we ran yeah that's true where Mina's had
got smashed in by a boot yeah
yes great to bed what's all those
character got brutal yeah right yeah
that was that one shot was that was that
was big fun it someone forgot to tell us
it was a cooperative game they turned on
each other almost immediately I'm like
here we're we're all oh yeah yeah
everybody's friends here on YouTube that
one shot name you should if you haven't
seen it you should seek that out that it
was the very first time it might be in
the Kaos agents stream I don't know it
was about a year ago yeah but I I ran I
ran a one-shot of a trail of Cthulhu
module called the the Thomas fella fair
and let's see boat Tiana Warren and
there and Aaron played it was a Kaos
agent it was a love could fill them they
were baby they started trying to kill
each other almost before I tried to kill
them it was came in being a snotty rich
person his privilege came at a cost
so yeah you you have that information
it's about like I said 3:30 now okay
so we've gone through there's nothing
else up in this library everybody make a
listen rule in the Box I got here I got
it
no that's all that's the anybody that
made the role here's the car starting
yes and with the horse driving that car
my heart's exhausted alright so much the
car just started let's go the front door
is double your go out there so you get
in the front door and you see right as
the car is gonna take off and you see
Laurence driving away with his sister
mm-hmm
oh well that's the that's the plan I
time is no Mountain
I mean I'll wave to him
he's not even he's like like hell-bent
you know and Eloise seems like she's
weak and he's like she's kind of
swaddled in the back yeah but it's
clearly hurt
Wow they may still come in anyway I
don't know if we want to be here or when
that happens honestly we are not part of
this family it is not our decision to
make
yeah I mean all we can do is help as
much as we can but Lawrence just made
his wishes very clear yeah we know the
ritual know whatever you're about to say
no here Silvia echoing through the
corridors through you and somehow he
sounds just like me yeah every once in a
while he and I agree on something now we
were originally asked to come out here
by that fellow that a mega fellow fellow
Rogers yes did we do you think we've
accomplished our the request honestly I
think if we haven't we've gotten very
close because we have found out what's
going on do you remember what he asked
something very specific that's always
look they're trying to figure wanted to
know where that came from
and we know will they answer that
question exactly I can't right we know
we know where that came from why don't
we give him a call and tell them that we
know and then if our job here is
complete the family business is the
family business girl I don't see
anything else we could do I think you're
right ma'am well at least would tell him
and then if there's other resources that
they have yeah maybe I mean he indicated
he's been fighting weird stuff exactly
we have he would be available to us yes
all right let's give him a call so you
go back to Tommy's house knock knock I
think it was we just Telegraph him
weren't we Chris or call him can we call
him
you haven't sure you have enough phone
above them yeah you
he did say mostly telegram but you can
you have a phone number for me okay um
uh you come back to tummy's let's see
where is where is old funny here now he
doesn't even put on the police cab you
worrying like he's eating a muffin oh
hello again
well hello bastard officer tell me we
have to use your phone again oh cool
come on in thank you so much you write
not it oh yeah
Joe I have to do it I made the last
awkward phone call
yeah so you're you have been given a
phone number that goes to a switchboard
yes and then you're you've been given
like two phrases that you're supposed to
say that we're not gonna deal with
because I would just forget them and it
would I'll write them down so so you say
the two phrases and the the operator
says one moment please
hmm in that particular said music and
then you are mrs. Rogers this is lamb
professor lamb professor well you asked
us to go and find where the symbol came
from we found out where it was being
to keep their cursed daughter from
leaving the house when the curse was
Crowley
pastor Crowley Aleister come on just
rolled in 96 probably loud in London so
he doesn't so payroll that 96 both
times he's dense crow
Crowley Riley yes Aleister Crowley
somebody you should have in your medical
things yes should you feel like we
should keep an eye on this Crowley
yes hey what's the situation Annie Dale
well because this symbol was taken the a
lot of interesting things have been
happening around this house I don't like
euphemisms I know I'm going to tell you
exactly what's happening
the if only I could write my own quote I
don't like euphemisms the Lord of Enel
performed a ritual that was supposed to
bring back his wife but his dead wife
yes all right but it turned all the
women in the crypt into cool zombies I
don't know exactly what to call them but
they all came back and they are so dead
women are wandering around they're not
wandering around they're there they they
are hanging out in a they're hanging out
in a mine but the young woman where is
this mine mine the mine is in lesser
Edale right near the veins house all
right
unfortunately the young woman who lived
in his lip was is living in the house
the young woman who is the daughter of
the Lord she after that rituals
performed started turning into a
creature every full moon know every
night I thought was during that every
night at midnight sorry everybody at
midnight I have I have people here who
are helping me back this up and so
since then she has been you know tried
to be kept in and that's what that
symbol was being used so she is one of
these creatures she's becoming one of
she's we're not quite sure she hasn't
got there yet she's human during the day
she's some kind of creature during the
night these others are creatures all the
time and where is she that is a good
question what happened was her
brother her brother took her away so she
would not be here when the rest of the
family came to get her the undead ones
so they the rest of the family is undead
the realized of the family is coming
tonight that's what they said probably I
suggest you leave lesser Edale what's he
saying he says you should leave what
about Emma
you found all you could find you found
out the source of that we'll take it
from here
good that would be great because we
looked into everything we could find we
do have what's the name of the woman
that left Eloise nail being baby
Eloise vane yes all right and who is she
traveling with her brother
Lawrence OMA said Jonathan Lorimar Thane
all right
well and thank you you've done you've
done Delta Green proud we'll take it
from here continue on with your
investigations and let me know if you
need anything
investigations of what the eclipse
ask ask if there's anything if we're if
we're just going on our way and we're
leaving here which sounds like it's what
that yes is work about the London see if
they can do anything for them to help
Donal oh that guy he said he was
probably taken by the Irish right okay
look look Concannon khan kanika also one
of our our members who was in our group
Donal Concannon I'm familiar he was
taken we believe by the Irish but we
were hoping we could get him back into
our our group where we're working on
some sort of arraignment it turns out
that mr. Concannon is considered
something of a terrorist in a England
and the English courts are resistant to
our efforts to bring him into the fold I
assure you
we're trying everything we can because
we really believe if mr. Concannon would
be a very useful asset yeah no no it's a
second thing to be alerted
I really really appreciate you guys
helping trying to get him out because we
really would like to to have his company
and his resources again so do you need
anything else from us here or we just we
should just
go as soon as we can as I said you
should leave there as quickly as you can
all right just want to thank you
continue your investigation all right
how do we go from here to Cairo by way
of London do we need to go to London I
mean that's where the ships will leave
from its engine well actually close to
London so we'll go back to London
well we'll get a ship and I'm profoundly
uninterested in your itinerary all right
all right but appreciate that and call
you back when we need anything all right
if you're traveling internationally wire
will be easier probably have agreed all
right thank you
you don't sis to get on with our next
part of the mission well we'd have to
help Emma somehow but I guess and the
best that we can do right now is get her
away from here yes because there's no
way
if these people eat people
someone who's unconscious is a really
good target get let's take her yeah yeah
no let's go maybe Silvio - he still is
barricaded room hey we're it hello
leaving get packed oh okay as soon as
you say we're leaving you here like two
minutes of like scraping furniture and
like he was already packed yeah
excellent yeah Brian no where's the
headdress he like holds up his suitcase
all right okay let's let's get Evan will
carry about arrange for transportation
back and strength so Jessie and well
will he'll tell you the Train that the
there's a train out of Derby that will
leave at 8:00 p.m. and if if you he'll
he has arranged with constable Tom well
to have you on it on the back of a truck
that is heading to Derby that is leaving
in ten minutes
surfaces go perfect go grab our stuff I
do want before before we leave as I'm
grab
my stuff looks like gonna pause and go
and see if that symbol is still in
Eloise's dorm I'm not gonna touch it
front her front door still has the elder
sign on it all right
just like frowning at it why is it why
is it reacting to me and then go grab my
stuff so you're not touching it nope
okay one one instance of being knocked
across the hallway is quite enough for
me sir
all right so yes a bumpy couple our ride
to Derby gets you on a train and by the
morning you are in London you will
acquire tickets where are you going
Cairo I imagine yep all right maybe it's
our first stop you see oh we're
following you at the Carlisle expedition
the Carlow expedition left London and
did head to Cairo okay then it headed to
Kenya then we're off to Cairo I mean
let's open the jack well that's I mean
so that's that you do have information
that break you know Rogers said that
Brady was in Shanghai
you've got a number you know you you
could probably you have leads in Cairo
you have leads in Kenya and you have
leads in Shanghai Oh
Cairo is the closest of the bunch and I
think I'd be very useful to you guys
says the person who's not going to be
here next week
you're gonna be so useful time for
another boat adventure could this be the
interpreter interprets whatever it is it
were saying but okay what is the last
time you were in are you Egyptian yes
yeah when you were in Egypt I think he
was when he was 13 is when he left all
right
and I was 2010 years ago yes so so the
Egyptian is another one of your your
your language I think everybody says air
they all speak Arabic in Arabic well so
some people speak Egyptian some but most
speak almost everyone speaks Arabic guy
by this time
Egypt has left the Ottoman Empire the
Ottoman Empire has really left the
Ottoman Empire but by this time Egypt
has also stopped being run by the
English except for
the Suez Canal you see well except for
the Suez Canal and except for things
like militarily and things like that so
there are still a large English presence
in Egypt but there is technically an
Egyptian government and there's a lot of
resentment towards the English but ten
years ago I was run by the Ottomans it
would be 915 yes okay and then it was
run by the English so you were there
when it was still run by the Ottomans in
fact your family got you out of there
before all hell broke loose and they
essentially paid everything they had to
send you to England to get a good
education there kind of got the on the
good side of those English filthy
Carlisle expedition have you been in
contact with your family who well if his
family had an active role and kind of
saving him yeah he would have okay yeah
so he we so it letters and someone's
back and forth with no other nothing
else okay yeah so I will give you then
that when you get to Cairo you'll have
like you'll have family connections you
know your your let's say your your
mother is still alive okay and and that
she lives in just I know did she live in
Cairo someone nearby okay yeah it might
have been the digs were all going on
there Memphis yeah I think she'd be more
okay she lives down there all right not
Tennessee so you have some family there
so the neighbor later on then we may
want to go to Shanghai first and get
that person to help us before we go to
well and that's that's that's a long way
away that's an interesting question
though because Jack Brady is the only
member of the Carlisle expedition who's
been seen alive sense yes and if we can
track him down
yes then how are we gonna track him down
so to Shanghai from England it's gonna
be anywhere from three to six weeks but
yet oh wow to Egypt
there is gonna be anywhere from one week
one is gonna be from one to two weeks
you will stop in Egypt briefly on your
way to Shanghai to Shanghai but it's not
a if you're continuing on to Shanghai
chances are you'd have like a day in
Cairo okay so there is value because
britty doesn't know what happened yes
yes exactly that's what we're thinking
what are we chasing down specifically in
Cairo we're talking to the curator of
the museum who probably works for people
that we don't want to talk to you
well there's that and we don't have some
names in there in Shanghai you have
Shanghai or Egypt your car I mean Cairo
sorry you have some names in Cairo just
you're talking about
we did get some of them from Zoroaster
yeah she told us about Feroz not here
yeah Feroz Nazir she told us about her
yep you know and and mentioned the Hubie
hopefully you also have the name Warren
bus art you got that from a he was
Carlisle's Carlisle papers he's also
someone named Omar Otto Schalk King yes
you have a letter
oh I'll be Kapoor's it was he would
learn silly Kapoor is the museum I yeah
shame cap again yeah he wrote Gavigan
name
Omar's bad guy mm-hmm okay I mean Omar
also works for that the cult so he's a
bad guy we're dealing with a lot of bad
guys yeah so yeah there was let's scene
here okay look it's Jackson elias's
character sheet Oh parallel papers so
yeah Warren bus art was mentioned yeah a
letter
that went he was helping the Carlisle
expedition arrange stuff in in Cairo he
was like there during their go-between
ago between he might be I supposed to
talk to them I saw him down
yep Morin beside to search and then a
name that you know very well is dr.
Clive oh good who is currently leading
the pin who foundations digs in Egypt
all right I'll talk to him
dr. what's his first name
or is it - henry v dr henry Clive yeah
so those are all names that you have in
Cairo you don't have a lot of kin you
know you don't have a lot of connective
fiber to those names right that so
rectifier why might you have to go to
Shanghai first well we don't have a
whole lot in Shanghai either the best
that we have is that Jack Braden he was
seen alive there Eric you again you also
have a warehouse in Shanghai got there
was the warehouse and I also remember
the ship and the ship yes the dark wind
things that I'm dredging out of memory
from a year ago it's awesome yeah so I
mean we have we have a club and we have
a ship and we have a person to look for
in Shanghai it will also take us almost
two months to get there
so going by way of Cairo is not the
worst idea
he's stumbling Tiger bar Istanbul in
tiger bar me Cairo was on our way mm-hmm
the Carlisle exhibition did something
there and
left why were they there you would know
more than I would this is love well so
why the carlile found the Carlisle's
petition that was their goal and they
were there today we're thinking they
they suggested they had information
Carlisle believed that there were tombs
that had not been discovered and so they
were going to do the dig and then they
did the dig and then they decided to go
on safari in Kenya and they were
slaughtered yeah have record of where
the dig was I believe so let's see we do
we can go and have a look Carla
expedition the expedition research is it
remembers the expedition have been
reluctant to reveal their purpose in
Egypt Carla departs Egypt sir I repent
you temporary spokesman at the Carlisle
expedition indicated Thursday that the
leaders are taking ship two at East
Africa for a quote well-earned rest sir
robbery debunked rumors that the
expedition had discovered clues to the
legendary wealth of the lost mines of
King Solomon maintaining that the party
was going on safari quote in respite
from our sandy labors Roger Carlisle
wealthy New York leader of the
expedition was unavailable for comment
still suffering from his recent
sunstroke discussing that unfortunate
incident local experts declared Egypt
entirely too hot for anglo-saxons at
this time of year and suggested that the
young American had not been well served
by his democratic enthusiasm rumored to
have led him to personally wield pick
and shovel I mean we're going in
February seems it seems a more
reasonable time of year oh it is this
lovely fair enough well they uncovered
something because Gavigan I don't I just
have a hunch that those items he was
using our recent that haven't that their
recent acquisitions by the foundation
you're now checked into a hotel
yeah London and of course how how
quickly so you're going to Cairo
regardless and then you're gonna decide
if you're gonna continue on are you
buying tickets to just to Cairo or are
you buying tickets through to Shanghai
think we just go to Cairo right now
because we're following the expedition
the miser follow their yes we find out
what we can of what people remember of
them what they found any of that sort of
thing and then then we go find the guy
who knows bored then we go find the
member of the expedition who's still
alive
possibly with more information than we
have now I think that after Cairo we
skip Kenya and ask I want to ask Jack
what happened in Kenya mm-hmm if that's
possible
well when you right after either okay oh
we're not going to shang-chi first we're
going to Cairo yeah I mean either they
shy Shanghai after that in Kenya's last
that's what I'm thinking okay I can be
done with that I was just thinking that
that you know since we had somebody in
Shanghai we know we could go find yes
and that is that well and that's a very
strong point but finding him is going to
be difficult and it's also I mean it's
very out of the way yeah so okay we have
to go to conquer any way to get to
Shanghai so might as well go and spend a
few days I mean if you with how fast we
get run out of countries a few days is
optimistic so you can you can be I don't
know I don't have the calendar running
so we'll me we'll deal with that
I think interviewer 24 now I think that
sounds right it's like around February
24th there will be a boat leaving
within the next few days okay good and
and you can you can definitely be on it
the next morning there are newspaper
stories about a the unfortunate death of
a member of parliament Lord Arthur vane
I mean I hate to say it but he's
probably better off he lost everything
to live for when his wife died he could
have found something else could have
helped him find something else what
there was enough time we can't solve
everything we can't fix everywhere well
poor guy but he was a very lovely fellow
very hospitable if only he hadn't tried
to bring his wife back from the dead and
there is also a small note that
authorities are seeking his son and
daughter Lawrence and Eloise vane hmm
that's unfortunate for them good be well
we wish him well Laurie I wonder we have
we have no way of knowing where he took
her yeah you did not tell us he didn't
say he just ran which fair enough but we
are alive and so are all of those ghouls
are they probably well for a you know
value of alive we don't know we told
them about it I mean I guess the
question is was the mysterious fire the
ghouls or was it Delta Green good
question
oh it was probably the ghouls I might
have been I mean unless unless we see a
newspaper article saying that the mines
have been bombed out I don't think you'd
see that article that's also the only
way I want them to handle that all right
so it sounds like we are leaving to eat
England unfortunately for you you
already got sanity rewards for leaving
England once I will give you each a d3
sanity for sort of saving Eloise all
right I'll take that
all right one so it's right this round
did the Bible be free during her nice
sweet sorry that's okay yeah so you're
gay too you'll gain and again your max
sanity is 99 - your Cthulhu Mythos so
your your sanity can go above your
initial starting sanity unlikely can we
resolve our tech marks before we go on
to Cairo sure go ahead and do your on
the boat do your do your checkmarks so I
will also allow each of you on the boat
you can get this is a short trip so I
will give you each one do all your skill
checks and then take one extra skill
check in any skill you want that you are
practicing on the boat okay okay and we
want to fail this right you want to fail
these roles yeah so go ahead and do your
skill checks this is this is the
character advancement in college Sulu to
you every time you successfully use a
skill you put a checkmark next to it
then at the end of chapters you've got
you roll all the skills that you have
successfully done with a pencil if you
sorry
you roll all the skills that you've
successfully done if you failed that
skill you then add a d-10 if you make
the skill roll you're sad yeah yes and
what you find
obviously normally is that skills you
use a lot it gets harder and harder to
improve if anybody gets a skill over let
me check this nice so if anybody gets a
skill over 80 let me know okay because
that is mastery I'm still not there and
it doesn't matter if we have more than
one check I just do that that's right I
yeah it's funny how often like you you
make a skill that you have like a 15 in
and you're all excited oh man I had one
to my psychology nice and just so it's
clear you can't use inspiration on these
roles oh one to cheek damnit okay spot
hidden tends to be a skill that stops
advancing quickly hi what sucks and then
if you once you're done with all your
checks you can let me know give me a
reason why you are practical you're
practicing a skill on the boat and
you'll get a free roll in that is there
a piano in or are any like shirts then I
want to practice like a musical Oh
medicine also just a medical journal
reading or sister yeah and you can
actually yeah that's that's no problem
[Applause]
doing her character shoot at some point
sort out I was looking up mastery that's
what I'm yes
nine times you're thrilled to fail I
well and so we pursue what the first fun
things in science and mastery are all
about magic you not the sort of mastery
you're looking for that's that's never
she's certainly trying yeah you've done
I actually have one I have a check
mark on something called spell that we
have to figure out how to deal with that
what well we did a spell ritual hmm and
I know that is spells are not skills so
you're not okay so that was a pal role
ah okay yeah I wonder but I did a spell
so I just OH
it's ninety so if you have a skill of
not a lot of his not it's good if you
get to 90 or more you gain mastery
and you immediately gain to d6 sanity
because that skill is like a a well of a
well of Goku so I'm close yes
so what turned out to be to what skill
are you prep so you used medical and
okay and what you're successful yes okay
all right I wanted medicine so it's very
easy for you to fail that so you you
attend a lecture there's a doctor on the
boat and you attend a lecture that he
gives on the the the vagaries of the
human body and he like has he's got some
pizza shots as they call it in the
business did they call it that back then
possibly I don't know that was when I
worked with doctors that was the common
phrase with when you had gross images in
your oh my god your workshop that's a
shot yep very fast yeah so you did music
and how did you do I
well I failed it and then I got another
six iron say you you like you noodle in
the lounge there's a piano and people
are very appreciative you know with all
that music theory that I don't use for
my voice anymore
yes they asked you not to sing there was
no offer of singing it have do they have
sword fighting here like I can do make
me a luck role you want to say see this
one it's so my luck is there damn
so I nor London Ellis yes all right yes
you find you find a there is a a
traveling fencing troupe some some
athletes
yes traveling to through the Suez Canal
and they are practicing on the deck one
day and you're like could I try there
like of course so yeah sword fighting do
it right on no you make us it's still a
skill check so hold a failure sword
fighting okay what is your sword
fighting 2500 so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you like beat them
all yeah then saying you just like put
on a fencing clinic and they're like I'm
like oh yes later I'm like yeah okay I
didn't learn nothing but hey it was fun
I don't know what this means I'm sure
that it makes sense in chat but my
beloved wife is putting in five hundred
bits for the Duchess to appear I was
I was about to do a GI Joe moment
alright so yeah yeah so you are
practicing fencing yes and you like do
this amazing move and you beat the
person you are fencing and you hear an
all-too-familiar voice say to you and
the guy takes his helmet off and it is
poor Bertram poor fellow and behind him
is the dread-nots of a woman the Duchess
he fought well I wasn't talking to you
Bartram teach her a lesson and Bertram
goes would you like to go again
sure all right make a sword fighting
roll God I just want to make the sword
just roll better than he'd apparently
dead you you beat not only do you beat
him but he loses his balance and falls
down oh and I reached down to to help
him thank you thank you very much yes um
the Duchess says French me a sword yes
she would not fit in the there's no
helmet there's no nothing standing
before you is this woman who is is wide
as she is tall and don't mess in a full
hoop skirt may or may not have a lower
body it's unclear uh
and she has a fencing ma on she like
slices the air two or three times
and looks at you and says I must defend
Bertram zoner make a make a sword
fighting role will spend inspiration I
am spending inspiration it was gonna be
a tough him by the way slithy Toves for
the return of the Duchess and he has now
made it canonical she has an 80 in sword
oh no so yes you like you you know the
Dutch just like slices the air twice and
and and you like assume the position and
all of the sudden you are on your back
and you have no idea how and she has the
point of this a pay at your throat do
you yes and that Bertram is how you do
that Khan Bertram and she as she moves
this way the boat like slide but you get
a skill trick I got a skill check on my
sword so you get to add did you so you
miss it so you get you out of detent not
now I know how beau feels with Ted yes
dance monkey band would you create
things that that voice hurts so for the
rest of the voyage which is about a week
yes every meal you hear oh that's that
woman that I stab dude
and then she retells the story to her
entire table at dinner she stabbed you
are you all right yes we were fighting
with FAS oh so I was fine she just
caught me unawares somehow and yes but I
might she's really big they have beat up
her husband so don't think we can make
that a deficit arms or any legs at all
well how does she beat you actually you
here you here cuz you can't help but
hear the Duchess she knows where she was
beating up my husband Bertram how many
times did she beat you twice Oh twice
well of course the trouble with people
like that is that they are significantly
faster than Nathan you think here
they're going to be because you should
see their little she she's fast
she is remarkably fast we've encountered
her a couple of times before and she
every time every time the Duchess's
voice is heard
silvano is out Sivan almost lost a
finger
silvano and she had
love wills of he won game oh right but
she wasn't very fast that time right oh
no she was just ecstatic
she was very quick and so she's size
does not mean slow she knows herself so
well this woman I like she's like
somehow she's echoing everything like
she's like Naruto SARS does not mean
that I'm you soon why I knew myself very
well and has to leave the room is one of
my stronger yes I had wish I wish you
had seen it it was epic she got me did
Wow yes I think I overestimated her
actually
[Laughter]
and there is much mirth and merriment
and so then you come to the end of the
voyage and you are going to be pulling
into port Sayid which is about a half
day out of out of Cairo and normally if
you're getting off the boat you will go
out there and then try and make your way
through a gauntlet of people from hotels
who want you to come and stay at their
hotel and you know will and robbers and
you will either no hire a dragon which
is a local term for a local guide or you
know you can you're like 50 percent of a
drag I mean my his knowledge is really
not it's a 10 year old knowledge yes I
understand yeah there were things work
Rachel always says that every every tour
I give of San Francisco is like there
used to be a great place there well the
first thing you guys have wants to do is
make sure we get to a safe location so
you're not off the boat yet yeah but but
so you're not like you're telling them
like that's what's gonna happen and you
know don't talk to anybody there are a
number of very good hotels in Cairo it's
just getting to Cairo through that
gauntlet is is he's pretty tough and so
you will you'll you'll deal debark that
you'll disembark there and there will be
a customs check which now that the
English are not involved tends to be
fairly perfunctory anybody who is
sneaking weapons in well we'll deal with
that twos like Sylvia sneaking the
staffs into Egypt Oh indeed being
interesting well
my crowbar and the crowbar is no but I'm
just saying they're together
yeah the staffs look a lot like
something that so Egypt in the 20s was
just starting to realize that everybody
else was taking all their stuff and was
trying to keep you know whether they
wrapped up and like yeah no no this leg
weapons well we'll talk about that and
yeah actually let's talk about that now
so if you're trying to sneak something
in to Egypt the firearm rule the firearm
laws are very restrictive so even
shotguns are not allowed that doesn't
mean I'll make a role for Silvano I say
yes someone is but would someone like to
inspire so don't use Donald's gun I
rolled a 90 I'm probably not gonna get
an ami here with this countess one for
him yeah I don't know Oh much better
that's an 18 all right so Votto has has
had some experience sneaking Donald's
weapons yes new places so he manages to
get those rifles snuck into and customs
doesn't matter you think you saw Silvano
giving some cash too and and so now you
two aren't really hiding any you have
nothing to hide no I have I have a
pistol besides my daggers okay do you
want to try and hide the pistol yeah
is that a concealed role if you lose a
point of credit rating you'll have
advantage on the role
if you bribe somebody I can night I can
take them I can take a loss on that all
right so yeah if you lose a point of
credit rating you will you get advantage
or someone in chat asked what about the
headdress headdress is never even
commented on interesting
well actually let me rephrase that with
you'll find out soon fair enough
what what role is this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Stella is
there a conceal I can't remember that in
this edition I think it's just a stealth
role
stealth or luck or yes don't you stealth
is your catch-all yeah I catch I'll fix
everything
well fortunately advantage died I didn't
fumble would you like to use some
inspiration or would you like to get a
new pistol at some point given a new
pistols gonna be hard especially where
we're going with a hard success I'll
even give you your point of credit
rating back thank you
I'm a nice guy you are a nice guy all
right now here so all me it's here it's
gonna take five points of credit rating
to get advantage because you are some
who are smuggling Egyptian artifacts
back into each and I've got to do it
this belongs in a museum this sucks but
I'll do it
all right so five points of credit
rating and now you have advantage on
this role and this is a stealth rule
okay yeah this is gonna not be good all
right well you know what offered me
another rule the smuggler
Joan what do you usually use yeah that's
a good question I mean must not be you
know she uses a smuggler she hire
someone I hire someone to help me get
this stuff out there's not that much
Miller persuade persuade but you don't
need to look in there no like with that
without mention of a credit rating you
know what
I'll accept persuade sure make a
persuade roll push they may be that they
are what's the where my for they're
fakes basically they're you right props
yeah yeah sure the props you're using so
you've got a persuade role with a large
bribe wow you say wow is that good well
[Laughter]
that's a bad one I just call of cthulhu
that's a bad well we are gonna be done -
- you got it all right we're gonna do it
again yeah all right so the staves make
it in Florence it's yes that's a hard
success so you go - you know it's the
last day so you know you're gonna be
getting into ports ie in the morning so
you all go to get em all set to get her
stuff packed and because the the porter
like unpacked her things when they got
in closet and she's basically been lying
there the whole time
still in her coma and you opened the
door and in her room standing there is
Silvano holding the headdress of eyes Oh
Sylvia well what do you what do you know
that's where we're gonna stop yeah all
right excellent thank you so much effort
that was that was a big fun always
always you know you give the people of
the Duchesse they're happy yeah I can't
believe I was like why does Rachel want
the Baroness to show up I don't even
remember my own stock characters if you
want you to play the hits but I've got
new stuff it was epic thank you for
spending part of your geek in with us we
really appreciate it we had a great time
we hope you did too
thank you for your likes your subscribes
your comments the chat that has had
Thomas laughing repeatedly tonight I'm
sure I always go back and I read it
later on
so I laugh later on YouTube we love you
guys thank you so much for all your all
your comments and don't forget we have a
great week of shows coming up Monday
it's natural ones start your week off
with a critical fail Tuesday its the
Kaos agents who may be down a is is
ruckus a man I don't know he's a man
be really interested to see how this
works out not a ruckus ruckus is trying
to make deals with Asmodeus which never
ends badly you know it's like made deals
with the black Pharaoh it's about the
same and then Wednesday it's pandemic
yes all right
Wednesday it's pandemic and then we'll
be back next Saturday Tom you'll be off
on vacation dark hunting a doggie doodle
and then two weeks after that Presidents
Day weekend there won't be a Cthulhu
game because many of us will be at
dunder con done zircon is a local con
here in the Bay Area it's in San Ramon
for the last time this year and then
it's going to be in Santa Clara and
after that but many of us will be there
I will be there running Call of Cthulhu
of chaos iam is going to be at the con
ice and they have a demo room and so I
volunteer with chaos iam I'll be running
at least two games there it's a two-hour
demo intro to call it Cthulhu it's a
great scenario this year I actually want
to run the scenario here on this stream
it is a murder mystery in a circus and
you're all carnies which I love but I'll
be running that several times on
Saturday I'm also running I made a
module
I made a scenario of Kaku that involves
all the players being 70s pro wrestlers
that is should be fun and then on Monday
I'm running a silly game where you play
the bad guys from Batman 66 so we're
gonna be there Thomas and Amy will be
there I'm there in other capacity
yeah you actually volunteer and stuff
right yes yes yeah so I'm and so a bunch
of people from question cancer I think
we have a seminar we don't know when it
is but then we have quests in chaos
seminar one day there I think I think
Thomas very nicely said we'll go we can
do it whenever and so we might be Monday
at 2:00 I don't think we'll be Monday at
2:00 but we'll we'll look for more
information about when our seminar is
and come support us
and come say hi come come play games dr.
Khan is a Great Khan it is my
second-favorite Khan in the Bay Area and
it's always a good time and always great
games alright I think that is that's
gonna do it let's go home and get some
sleep
[Music]
