Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends and welcome to
quests and Cthulhu thank you for
spending part of your weekend with us we
really appreciate it
this is questing chaos we're playing
Call of Cthulhu and who the hell knows
what's gonna happen I don't welcome
we're gonna do a few quick announcements
before we dive into finding out where
that darn headdress ends up Gordon
Biersch they're our sponsors we have
many beverages being joined around the
table I'm given to understand their
lovely Nick what's the best thing about
that beer it fills the emptiness in my
soul no idea mm-hmm
that's you sold that very low yeah yeah
beer it feels the fear I started
drinking early Gordon Biersch yay but
now I come on make root beer by Nord
games nord games has a new Kickstarter
they've just started their ultimate
guide to alchemy crafting and enchanting
I'm so glad they use the Oxford comma it
is just starting today I think and they
are crazy it's it's filling up crazy
there's going to be a link in the chat
go there support them Nord Games has
been a good a good partner and a great
friend quests in chaos in every way and
we are big fans of all of their insanity
and humanity and humanity some people at
this table are using dice from
birds-of-paradise these beautiful
prototype dice turbo ami turbo and
ornithine eight Meg yeah very soon I
know these will not be prototype dice
and you can have your very own
birds-of-paradise dice and
birds-of-paradise is a fun follow on
your social media of choice they it's a
it's it's really just an extended series
of bird puns and weird pictures
entire stick and I I quite enjoy it
Andrea is another great friend of ours
and and she runs birds of paradise and
they're their social media's crackerjack
you're really good they call you
crackerjack world spinner has their
portrait workshop it is going to the
last day if you're like me and all you
do on Kickstarter is hit that little
remind me in two days button I think
that's that's I just ago please forget
about this and then you know two days
out damn I've denied to spend money but
they are just about to close you're
getting close to the last day Wow
tomorrow just added I think a really
cool feature which you can do overlays
in the back so you can have like a city
soon behind you or a dungeon behind me
or just a me doing that behind there's
there's your gift for today or a Jif if
you're wrong I can't believe we agree on
the Prezi entire toiletries spicy spicy
taking a friend don't at me have and
then done Drake on its next weekend we
will not be playing next weekend be cut
but if you want your taste of the kind
of inanity that we bring along with
people from Kaos agents people from
natural one we are going to have a
queston Kaos panel at the entirely sane
hour of 9:00 a.m. on Saturday Saturday
February 14th at 9:00 a.m. if you have
never seen a me at 9:00 a.m. you should
come to the panel just for that they
stay up all night a drinking
and then I come back down off ready for
a panel there you go I am informative
last year it was a lot of fun we had a
really great time we got to meet some of
y'all and see what was going on with the
folks out there got some interesting
questions Nord Games was there last time
don't lie they might be there again
today we met them wasn't it was I so
yeah yeah under con and one power point
Oh what power point
well I remember last year we had one and
ignored it much too Thomas exactly right
now this morning we're like was last
year's power point Thomas is like I
copied over control F 2019 control our
2020 will have some new material for
that I probably am not bringing M&amp;Ms to
a 9:00 a.m. panel that's what the only
reason I brought to the past but so
dunder Khan we folks from quest and
chaos will be there definitely Saturday
I'm gonna be there everyday because I'm
an idiot Thomas and Amy are gonna be
there several days it's a great deal of
attention I have no comment it's one of
my favorite gaming conventions and it is
the last year at the san ramon hotel
before they moved to Santa Clara soon
there's gonna be no gaming conventions
in the East Bay which is crazy they're
all gonna be in the peninsula so yeah
gundrick on Saturday come join us there
it'll you you might wake us up bring
coffee really good strong coffee or just
show up at 11:00 that's what I was way
to sell it yeah 9:00 a.m. yeah luckily
I'm staying at the hotel so I can at
least you know wake up at 8:15 I can
spot on your arm if I'm wearing a
ballcap
you know
[Laughter]
not that kind of panel mm that would 9
a.m. it is that nobody wants to see that
that's nice yeah maybe
hmm so last time everything worked out
just fine and nobody died and good well
well we did it die yeah
nobody on screen died okay that I mean
sure you were directly involved in the
death of several innocent people but you
know she was in a coma
that's right me and plot that is
plausible deniability you want to look
at the food field should feel guilty to
you no shame having no shame is an
important aspect of being an assassin I
think that's I categorized my shame
there you go very good or compartment I
was so lessor Edale was dealt with in an
unfortunate way us you found out that
the Lord Vayne had run a very bad ritual
to try and bring his wife back and he
had come back but not not quite like he
wanted and you I think there was there
was sort of a resigned shrug and a well
we're going hope this all works out no
no because Laurens disappeared with
Eloise like okay oh why they're going
they're going faster than we can run
there's no other car and then they're
not employed it the kick almost as fast
as you could run that car 20 miles in
that car going down you made your choice
you're like oh they're going so fast we
can't stop wait no stop Q Thomas Oh so
horribly
that was that was great I actually felt
it I don't know I was maybe I saw the
nuance when I was watching yes Thomas
showed us the depth of his acting
ability that I said a tee single tears
so here's the problem
I have two friends named Thomas one
sometimes go by Tom one never goes by
Tom and I mix them up routinely and call
one Thomas one Tom and one of them likes
to be called both of them one of them
does not like to be called one of them
it's like this is like a bad Logic Pro
yes yeah one of those squares that
should be every Venn diagram nobody pins
in the yard and the spring I actually
pitched when we first started this game
I wanted to have one of those yarn
boards like I want you guys to Beautiful
Mind it would mean we could just like
put it in the middle of the table
wouldn't have I'm just gonna throw back
to betrayal and simple-minded oh yeah I
mean that's part of the problem yes uh
so then you decided it was time to leave
England yes and you learned that you
should not challenge stout women to to
fencing cause oh no it did she next time
I'm gonna get it she has an 80 in sword
fighting
that gospel doesn't have anything you
know and and she's just naturally
athletic that's that's what it is there
you go
she beats I put her husband for fun
probably steroids down for episode title
being a dog is not gonna notice us one
said no idea favor it's like checking
your ello notifications Bing because it
is actually a fantastic service
marketing no they dig we worked with
them at a past studio and they granted
they don't get you a lot of people but
the people over quantity no cuz I like
we never stopped using them like all the
other places we were like it was like we
would do marketing pushes but they were
just like they consistently got us
people that would go do our acquisition
flow and it was just like why would we
ever stop paying you money from Ukraine
and were they real they had real money
quite Crescent cows would like to point
out that there are real people in
Ukraine we appreciate that look all of
our Ukrainian was that the best was that
the only big plot real Bing plug we've
ever done I think the only thing is just
a joke but here's Nick no sorry like
it's one of those things we're like
personally if it ever comes to it again
I'm like oh yeah like if I totally use
Bing for like advertising and stuff
because it's it's don't unique about
Alta Vista
oh my gosh getting your AOL just wow
we're already wait for it so that
happened so often I'm just kind of like
the underneath myself like don't say
anything now I'm just like no amazing
way to ruin a running joke ah your well
sorry being his apparently your
fantastic according to almost a hundred
percent of the Bing users coming up next
Nick's gonna tell you what Yelp not that
great careful remember we're just you
know so if listeners if you have a
[Laughter]
things where it's like movie time
website talk epsilon e you're on the
line hello more beer and less coffee
okay we can look at Amy yeah hey guys we
consider London a win right cuz we can
go back to London from you know thing
you were going oh you slept very well
usually insanity but you got sanity back
back when you were leaving on xaro's
boat we did all the sanity reward yeah
okay and then lost them all in you know
because someone forced us to go back
j-man it was all because of a fumble
that's yeah I wonder whose that was Bing
[Laughter]
so yeah so you are you we already did
the sanity stuff the first time you left
England but yes as you point out think
London is now the first city you have
left that you can go back to so you
can't go home again at least you can go
home I can go home we can go back to
know France as well right right now yes
I'm just saying there's two cut ok
countries I'm sorry I was thinking water
cuz I'm like America that's a tough one
to go back to in America it's not New
York City no friendly Jane terraces
friends Jersey Jersey but so you got on
a boat and you headed to Cairo and after
some enjoyable shenanigans you reached
Cairo and you were all going to pack up
Emma's things because Emma really has
been just not pulling her own weight
these paths come here so I was like she
was like somewhere else this guy now I'm
saying that and you came into the room
and standing there was Silvano with the
headdress of eyes in his hand
that's not creepy mm-hmm why hovering
over yeah so I think the okay okay now I
can totally do this it's a lot to barata
nikto everything explodes the world take
that world I was in the room simple
wakes up oh it happened again
so you are standing there and you are
suddenly aware that you are n immersed
in Emma stateroom and that you have the
headdress that you have so studiously
avoided for these many days in Jersey I
was talking to it no or when you thought
it was taught you but it was actually I
can tell the difference oh my god that's
the best joke ever you were you talking
talked through the pipes it just talks
through the ether yeah no you gathered
them in the telephone you were you were
egging her on in there in that regard
but and as you sort of snapped to this
realization a familiar voice in your
head says if you put me on I'll wake her
up and you can make all of the elder
signs you want at no cost to you are we
there are we there oh yeah yeah you see
he is okay he is reaching for it no I
not firearm is I don't know it's like no
you don't know no no no until it settles
down and then it suddenly is like oh you
feel you know everybody but me gets to
where if you don't feel that either nor
do I want to you do feel like an a
reservoir of power that you didn't feel
before and essentially this thing is
increasing your power by 5000
oh my god I'm practically a opposite now
what you're gonna do is that 15 is gonna
be in like parentheses next to your
actual because whenever you spend power
whether this
- or is it in total so so yeah your POW
is now plus 50 plus 50 is also a bank
and okay cast spells you'll spend that
POW first and that POW will regenerate
okay that's gonna be weird - no Wow okay
but it also like if I ask you for a
power rule you're gonna roll with the
total so what cannot is just that the
and once again the barrenness making
that headdress - machine that I only
feel you know you think you drive you
can I only feel a little bit more insane
just like kissed just just that slight
it's this little sensation right at your
temples isn't but a kiss of insanity and
I don't want it you know this is a
spoiler and and something to look for
but that's not the only proper you're
gonna see tonight probably May that came
from one of our one of our viewers we're
we're we're gonna have another unveil
it's very exciting Yousef has a top hat
by the way super British he's like oh
god Tom by the way I should have said
it's not here today he is what do you
notice yes he is picking up a poodle
which is not a euphemism I don't think
that but he is a new family pet and
driving like five hours round get up to
get this thing it was like an artisanal
like I don't know free range like free
free I don't know
cruelty free poodle I learned dogs food
oh yeah but so Tom congratulations on
the dog I hope you can convince your
daughter to take care of it but you're
clear so yeah you put it on a good start
on making an elf is waking Emma nose -
get started on waking Emma
you so you you hear in your head
Silvano's voice saying waking Emma and
that's the first thing you remember
sense though that you know since you
were a dragon and others bear trap don't
know since everyone around you were not
a tribe the dragon and yeah since you
since you were making people dragons and
the world ended okay and you are on a
boat you are in a state room and they
are all crowded around you
weirdly all looking at him who's looking
at you okay oh god I'm so sorry
[Laughter]
you're awake yeah what happened there
and he put it on he just he managed to
get it off you somehow which are you I'm
fine
well I'm sure it's done if we doesn't
have anything to talk about anymore no
there's nothing's really changed
we're in Cairo sleep something like 10
okay and we didn't get thrown out chased
out arrested from London no sweets Oh
see things hatch exactly many things
have changed what the castle we were
staying in was firebombed yeah that
sounds about right
boats did we burn down this time none no
Castle also also that just was here and
kick the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of John win in I feel
it's important to remind you that is you
yeah you are in Cairo and you will exit
the boat your your trunks and such have
been gone through by a you me the
customs person goes through it in front
of you and several of you bribe your
those aren't mine and good job and then
you are you are essentially let loose on
a dock in Port Saeed which is about 30
miles it's about 30 miles outside of
Cairo there is a there are taxis and the
you don't have to wear all you got to
wear it's back a little bit
yeah that's varying is its to pushes
how do we get this on to God didn't
remember his name anymore than what
everyone kept saying Clint and I'm like
[Laughter]
we call your character the wrong name I
still don't know if it's Sylvia or
Silvana
it doesn't matter it's both yeah ones
ones short for the other
silvano is shorter so a lot of short for
Sylvia yes Silvio Solano on the
character sheet you could probably just
call him so I'm gonna call them Elvis
from now on I'm just gonna call him
silly because he's wearing the headdress
that feels like reverse psychology or
know about that that's not coming out
that's Nick you don't know about that
don't know about that it was it was you
have the dress yeah you said you told me
you were getting me a gift what happened
where's my gift
oh it's good I'm in Cairo I'm gonna get
you again here's a symbol says pyro on
it who know remembered it's spoon you're
so many I've got one from every place
I've been if you're not collecting them
your trunk is we have one trunk that's
just your spoon trump my brother click
shot glasses yeah I yeah so yes this the
this port is insanity there are
merchants everywhere yelling in broken
English suggesting that you go to a
certain hotel and that they'll take you
there
there are cab drive
who are literally trying to take your
luggage and put it in their cars Yousef
who the whole way here was like oh I'll
be the dragon man is totally out of his
depth he's just like panicked with the
the amount the sheer number of people
and the the unassign and he's just super
uncomfortable and and is sort of like
you know he starts out saying something
in Arabic and then he's like standing
behind you guys like trying to like hide
yeah we need to have been here I have
been remiss please honest two hotels
yes the you guys had two inspiration
left after the last session yeah oh man
if I hadn't hit that pencil and off your
game tomorrow has given us 500 bits but
what only if indle it only Endel good
lord
that's you good morning only if Emma
handles the negotiations with the next
NPC from Kaos agents oh all right what
because there are from Kaos agents not
us this table gotta stay on this road
you know ahead again I'm just gonna keep
Moses yeah what is like a balloon with
static electricity no I'm just gonna
keep I'm gonna keep giving him love
because He gave Mila J Matthews 85 so
much better than J Matthews 84 but J
Matthews 85 gave me two but I do have to
say J math or never much that was a dumb
day these I'm saving these until I have
a chance to kill somebody who can't do
that I am saving you can kill us at any
point
you know the headdress is really gonna
be upset if you set a fire now now she
lights a fire so I didn't start the fire
oh there we go let's handle this all
right sir there is a person who speaks
Arabic we should know he's terrified ya
know he like how about Joan no I'm just
gonna try to be like so Joan what hotel
should we stand you are so a guy comes
to you and in perfect English he says
you look like a woman who understands
the value of luxury entirely I can take
you to the hotel Obsidian the finest
hotel in most of Cairo so one less like
if that's a five let's go for a four oh
it's really a 300 just go to a four then
well the hotel obsidian is a lovely
hotel and as a bonus as you can see I'm
not one of those rabble who's going to
try and steal your luggage or take you
to the wrong or drive you down an alley
no look right over there mmm-hmm you'll
see a bus that says obsidian on it that
will take you directly to the hotel
obsidian you know I credibility right
here so that's it what I my luggage just
sit on my trunk yeah oh okay
or don't no no no I mean what should I
go ahead and put it in the bus no just
wait right here all right
so then I turn around and just find the
next life guide all right there's a
there's a guy anybody a guy who comes up
to you and he's like the palace you must
have the Palace Hotel well that guy said
should stay at the Obsidian that you
your mother married a donkey and that
you are the son of an ass my boy thought
it was a strange that's what he said
don't look at me see this I cast a drag
so you what are you talking about paying
attention you don't tell anybody to talk
to other people in Arabic you have you
have the Obsidian guy and he sits down
on the on the crit on your on the
luggage and that distracts them
momentarily is right why is there a guy
sitting on our luggage and you come to
the other guy you're like he said he was
just on saying on and that guy goes my
Mathura sauce right and he just runs
forward and tackles the guy make him
luck roll I make it by eight all
right
so none of your luggage flies open but
the guy from the hotel obsidian did was
not expecting to be tackled at all so
he's just sitting there like I think
I've got some business at home and he
just goes over the end and this this
large guy just like talk about my mother
next Can I grab a guy who's actually
watching this who saw me do that yeah
look buddy don't mess with me I need a
decent hotel at a good price
see those see those people right there
we need to do this so not the
Obsidian or the palace the palace
someplace metropolitan is nice good
sounds good to me let's go
okay but we're actually I don't know
what's a backup hotel just get your
stuff let's get our stuff and go go all
right come with me come without yeah
yeah he will what's it what's your name
my name is Jamal
nice to meet you Jamal it is lovely to
meet you and welcome to Cairo thank you
and he will welcome to the house like
the king Society oh my god it's the
crossover you never knew Jesus coming
sweeps week this is your fault
Bing sweeps week it'll make sense oh wow
okay okay so yeah Jamal will I haven't
made the worst decision hydros are no
headdress headdress yeah like the
headdress is like looking logging me it
like like look out the rainy window that
used to be mine yes so none of that but
he will maybe out of terror
thank you the slightly long way okay she
gives you a lovely view of the Pyramids
of Giza
oh and so you ask your Arling as you are
driving along the hotel metropolitan is
in the center of Cairo so in the
relatively nice district okay next to
[Laughter]
so yeah you you go to the Metropolitan
and you get a ensuite so you all have a
room with a little lounge huh a room
that you know does not exist in real
life but somehow always magically exists
in our
of course and you have a lovely hotel
sort of in the middle of town it is
about it's about - no I think it needed
shut up breakfast unlike modern cruise
ships they took care of you Oh aye
preoccupied yeah all right fair point
so yes the hotel will bring you up some
lovely food all right it is super hot it
is you know it is the heat of the
afternoon not not a lot of
air-conditioning so there's a lot of
like open windows and ceiling fans but
they're those weird ceiling fans that go
way too slow
mm-hmm like one person is always like
you get cooler from the slow and you
know turn it on full what's wrong with
you bucket of water stick my feet in
yeah they yeah they'll they'll bring you
ice they you know they they they clearly
this is a tourist hotel so there you
stand there used to white people going
like ice it's hard and not dressing
appropriately for these I'm loving this
if you're back in your element this is
very comfortable to you so yeah you have
a lovely suite at the Metropolitan and
you have so last time we went over a few
of the leads but I think it's it's
worthwhile to you know what are they
said when they say you have to tell
someone something like four times before
they remember it and with you know with
you lot it's probably six yeah I think
it's white man they might remember it
all right yes but so you've got several
connections here in Egypt you have a
shopkeeper named Feroz Nazir you have a
someone you know to be a cultist Omar al
Shakti who wrote a lovely letter to
Gavigan that you found that basically
said since we're not called together and
no one knows except asana be our secret
and you you also have Carlisle's agent
in Egypt when he came here was a man
named Warren bass art that's that's
another name you have and
you have a connection you have the name
Knight Icarus which you don't really
know about and you have a professor at
the Egyptian mute the Egyptian Museum
Ali Ali I remember him and then the last
connection that you have is somebody
mentioned offhand the mosque of IBN
tulun right damn sure I'm spelling all
this wrong wellit's is it March 2nd
it is March 4th it is working this day
March 4th when you arrived in Cairo and
that's the of course the other thing is
don't forget there is a very real clock
here because January 26th I think it is
bad things happen January 14th bad
things happen I gave you an extra week
sorry
Thanks next week please sorry January 14
14 same as the old day otherwise known
as the the very last day on the scenario
timeline for better or worse yes usually
for unless we make it for richer for
poorer no so yeah it is like I said it's
about 2 p.m.
Cairo is a teeming bustling city in 1925
there are 850,000 people only about 10%
of them are foreign so there are
basically once you get this area is the
nice sort of downtown and this Park once
you get down here you're in Old Cairo
which is the you know the stereotypical
like ramshackle huts tiny little alleys
no street signs don't go there and
that's someone that is of that is from
there or you're going to get lost and
than maybe worse yes and is there like a
like a big bazaar or a big oh they're so
in the square there are crazy
okay you know and there are especially
as you get to the edges of this area
there are all sorts of merchants selling
whatever you want to sorts of things
there are and very aggressively selling
things okay almost as soon as you get in
the hotel room youssef cuz I don't
remember it being so hot how long have
you been away from here oh it's been
only a couple of 10 years a couple 10
years maybe 10 8 I don't know I'm I'm
gonna lay down so just yes you seem
the most well suited to this area at the
moment what we're wearing is not exactly
appropriate for this heat you know you
have recommendations for places to go
and get back in the bazaar there was
this is where I got to my best nice and
no shooting Lions link no this is what
the the the well just Europeans wearing
the the European about Egypt is wearing
and all the and so yeah not for them
yeah well probably some Jodhpur oh yeah
choppers so those way to advertise how
very foreign we are this a lot in the
heat being able to have you know the
shade and but then the also the release
here so we should go down to the bazaar
there's a place that I know of yeah we
are we can we can buy some appropriate
outfits well I trust your expertise I've
looked at for those headwraps
don't make me a luck roll yeah and it so
somehow you made the roll so you are
aware of how ridiculously lucky you are
to have never been throbbed in the
bazaar which is like you know I was
about to a pocket Central right but
somehow it's like you know it's like me
in my travels for I'm constantly like
this and yet I've never you know
everyone's like oh man Barcelona
terrible everything was stolen I'm like
this is great we have dr. sure big yeah
but I do tell everybody about that visit
that okay that there is a there is you
saw me but disembarked there was a lot
of pl with a lot of shenanigans ya doing
there's no way to be like don't mess
yeah bro no that wasn't me I'm just
gonna talk to people I need to never
mess with you I thought was our reminder
that was I reminded but so but when
we go out there you know make sure
anything valuable you have I can't take
it off I know but you gotta make sure
you hide it that's what I got lots of
Clyde sands if you have some things I
think good money to see someone try to
take that off yeah yeah that's gonna say
yeah we gotta watch it or not those are
pickpockets so I only take enough money
to like get the things that I'm looking
for
mhm which would be fancy knives well she
wants figure out what fancy and have
something to wear on my waist like I'm
just basically going for like an
Egyptian princess leia feel my fe oh I
[Music]
shiny better for the Sephardim
live well you know the original Star
Wars right at the white that maybe not
white but something sure hold on
yes yeah you can get all sorts of
appropriate clothing and those are
everybody in the bazaar make me a luck
roll no I here we go not just that I'm
oh yes very fine same part make a heart
oh wow okay so I'm gonna give em because
of your great role and because of what
you said I'm gonna give everybody
advantage on this we can I just in my
wallet and then leave my boss someone
takes my wallet okay sure that'd be sad
yeah cuz it's I'm just yeah your money's
yours right now I don't have anything to
like I'm going to one of the things I'm
going to be looking to buy is like
secure places to keep things that you're
anyhow that would be a five still there
for did anybody miss it I missed it but
not by much okay yeah you're fine yeah
if you so but you definitely you feel
like you know like you feel a couple of
Princess Leia feels they're like oh crap
there's no wallet there and not much
else
just make sure - Evan - mark oh it
wasn't send in the cow tongue later yeah
yeah in the bazaar you get all sorts of
clothes
you also can you know if there are less
savory things you wish to buy you can
probably find somebody who would sell
not sweet no not savory
oh that's unsavory so you were looking
for diapers ya know something fun to
wear around my waist was maybe I mean
maybe a stick or something I'm gonna
find her a scimitar
[Laughter]
I'm gonna find you at our pet and a guy
shows up and says did you want a
scimitar Teeples out this cartoonish
like curved blade that like as he peels
it out is like wobbling that I'm like
can I see that for a second of course
pretty lady I think it happened twirling
and it's like as soon as you towards it
it's making like saw noise thank you
would the pretty lady like a scimitar I
just like I pull it back a little
[Laughter]
disappear he won't stay close to been
like wow wow
but there are any number of stalls that
will sell you a cartoonish you know
everything short of say like Cairo and
be made of foam I can shake Hyrule
sturdy football team will take you to
the stadium oh right me a credit rating
roll stupid other dice in the way for
you nope alright so you find one but it
is more than you're comfortable spending
like it looks like a good bling
well Alexandre I was thinking something
like just sort of machete replacement
something shitty not you know not to
know out of place yeah well that would
be too big yeah you cuz that yeah and a
scimitar might be a little bit big for
you since my shitty or shovel let's get
a shovel house you could try seat why do
I fell oh I do have a shovel and a
pickaxe in mind in my mind lucky to your
luggage yes that's true in a water
canteen I mean you need something
machete like for I'm gonna try and
excess
to jungle things later on we'll need it
all right so you're looking for a
machete in Egypt mmm
no I'm looking for a machete alternative
well all right this is yes yes you find
scimitars you find you find some some
like more kind of utilitarian blades
that are semi machete ish because these
are useful even though we have raised
them and all this or we can make sure
that they're good this is hard to does
it it's it's a yes it would
oh really is a pantsuit yeah I'm
basically looking around for anywhere
that like that has that has blades that
is this guy this guy makes good blades
the one that he found but they are
expensive hmm Oh what if he was to fetch
another sign on one of these mm-hmm I
think that would work I like how you're
barely moving your lips nothing from
nothing from an ancient you would be
able to you would be able to affect
things not of this earth with that blade
then mmm-hmm so how hard is it to do a
Qing I asked the fellow at the stall why
would you modest blade to perform a
ritual to make it powerful against
unearthly forces extra $100 Wow geez why
can't you just do that did you already
make one station Kai yeah I am NOT a
craftsman yeah we've seen yeah
when I make excellent torture except
with receipts yes exactly
Oh fun iseman I want to look around and
see if I can find another stall with
blades that are not quite as expensive
I'm looking for someone who can do
acting for a lower you buy it here and
taken take it to an engraver I guess
sure yeah you find somewhere that they
will sell it for a much more reasonable
price it's not quite as good as the
other one
that guy was clearly the best the best
of the best to do it you know and this
guy will he knows an engraver he tells
you his cousin does some engraving and
the other guy was the best of the best
oh and I could make a weapon that would
be powerful against unearthly forces we
would expense it as hold on this is
gonna take why would I'm not doing four
of them what do you mean you're not do
I'm giving you a present
oh well then let's go back to the best
one okay all right yeah you you go back
I don't know how I'm going to $100 for
the increase you were the one who wanted
to Mar my blade it's pretty good cause
yeah what cause to fight evil eye these
blades are not meant to draw blood what
are the hour these just fancy blades
ceremonial Oh better it's a ceremony
what we're gonna do this room yes we are
gonna ceremonially do something to
somebody are going extra over the cost
of the blade then and we promise we
won't tell anybody where we got this
from he's the best they will know my
why did you say that you are going to
ceremonially use my blade on someone not
someone just in a general ceremony sense
Minh against otherworldly forces that's
not better that's that is better what
our otherworldly forces things that
aren't here
parrot sharks spirits what oily greasy
they membrane things out of them you
don't want to touch them look look
you'll pay the extra $50 and you go away
and never come back
ooh okay this doesn't feel like a deal
well you're but you're surely be
engraving okay
yeah all okay he's like I don't know
because I don't want you people to come
down so he will literally like so you
guys while you while the rest of you are
like shopping around the bazaar this guy
is like trying to figure out the design
of the and he gets a very good elder
sign that's about yay big on the blade
of the scimitar okay how long is that
you have to find a note of powers oh
yeah everybody's in full health if you
were not oh I wasn't so I was like wait
a minute yeah because it was more than
enough time yeah so so yeah there that
would be most of your afternoon okay is
not getting robbed at the bazaar and
linen shirt sitting on linen shirts and
I wrap a lot of a lovely head wrap did
you send some Princess Leia have to do
some very masculine garb sure yeah I can
move in hide a lot of knives on and you
know there's there's lovely like there's
melon chill melon that cools you off
some are you're just like there's melon
that is that is what an eg that is a
very Egyptian thing they use like cold
melon to keep yourself keep you hydrated
keep you cooled off may let melanin
so yeah you have a lovely afternoon in
the bazaar
you are glad Youssef isn't there because
he with yes it's not like this place did
we get him some Egyptian appropriate
clothes so that he doesn't sure I eat
yes although he won't wear them he only
wears the English clothes your hotel has
tea for days well though we're gonna go
on in addition do you want or let me do
you want real tea or do you want the
hotel to English tea yeah I'll give him
the hotel tea he'll be the happy but we
are going to get I know where yeah you
you know what do you mean that English
tea is real to lay you know like we're
talking past each other this is my
element this is where III worked out
here so we're good let's go what could
happen to a team beer do they have
alcohol misty course the realtor that's
one thing we want illicit substances we
need to log on yeah there's there's very
little alcohol here so let's give you a
long and for some of you really
intolerable just like scholarly
discussion of the current to him
fascinating state of Cairo which is
Egypt was a colony of England and only
recently threw them off and started
their own government however England
still owns the Suez Canal and sort of
runs most of the important parts of the
Egyptian government like the military
and that sort of thing
and so there is a lot of resentment
towards the English currently and there
is a there's Youssef says that this is
almost in the oh so horrible voice as
he's like there may be a revolution any
day
well you remoting way to wait yeah you
didn't have much more of a poker face
right so we get some real teeth mm-hmm
yeah and for several of you as we lose
yeah like yeah the the poverty like once
you get in the bazaar just the poverty
you see is shocking you know these are
people there are people just starving in
front of you who are begging everywhere
and and you know for some of you it's
it's probably the first time you've
experienced that and it's it's it's
difficult and when you go if you go into
the poorer areas it will only get worse
I will tell them not to do that because
yeah yeah yeah it's you see what is here
it's worse other places yeah Alexandria
looks oddly troubled about the whole
time no it's we can't we can't we can't
save this little place if we want to
save the whole world
there are so you can get alcohol at your
hotel mm-hmm
but most other places out in Cairo you
will not be having do you mean we can
get a drink
at the hotel or did it okay see because
everywhere so it's not ask or not it's
just stuff I feel I feel like we're
gonna have limited options and I'm very
worried about that we can also let our
alcohol on fire mmm distilling it so we
when we get to the hotel we can get some
some alcohol and we could save some of
it so the important stuff I just have to
ration I just think about but then we
have one bad day and we burn through all
this and then the shakes start you mean
you mean every day that we encounter
other worldly things
yeah so you now have a scimitar I guess
tonight you're gonna do the ritual we
have to find a I'm a firm believer we
have to find somewhere holding
Shh I would use you should go to Giza
tonight tomorrow it's much more
powerful at night tomorrow night sure
okay so I just had a great idea we
should go to Giza tomorrow night why why
how do you get there
that train there's a train to Giza yeah
train I mean it doesn't run back so late
so so we have to stay that would be a
fantastic place to do the ritual to
properly prime such a fine weapon this
is yours
so here's a little just for your own so
here's Cairo and Giza is gonna be across
the bank that way hmm
it's about five miles outside of Cairo
and then other things have note on here
so Giza is where there's a Memphis is
down here da sure which is one of the
places that the the pen you foundation
expedition was at the Pena foundation
was at dahshur and at Giza and you're
not sure where they are now and so this
is Cairo here and then here's a little
map with stuff on Cairo and then there's
a larger Egyptian overview map so that
is yours to do with as you will all
right coffee so not to have too much fun
zone but those staffs which do Genie
stave stave saved stapes give do you
think that they would you would be able
to do the ritual without would you want
to join in on this these staves cuz they
give use a battery they would give us
some worse and you have lose them I
don't know if there's enough in there if
you want to risk it well then if we're
gonna but we could make something will
be also to be lost Italy I worked from
those awful people that we fought that
got put into them yeah
yes okay I will I will because then we
can use the the the the scimitar to be
able to fight yes and we'll probably
have to break into a sacred place at
night by the way well we can we could we
can we should be able to find a secret
place I'm just stating the probability
of France different no coz Giza most
likely they have the pyramids they have
a lot of things there we should be able
to find a spot okay we should make more
than one mmm
you only have one suitor let's not go
crazy I could get a co just don't use it
okay put my coat on here things can't
get it what you want poltergeist me
throwing your hands with the oh maybe
then I could get the Duchess is she
otherworldly maybe she might be she
tripped me up man so I I don't think
anyone who tripped anyhow she turns up
somehow on every ship that we are on yes
dad seems utterly world yeah maybe she's
an agent of the dark of the black
Pharaoh
probably you know one of his aspects
that's not how recurring characters work
I mean yes well what if his aspects has
[Laughter]
Oh somewhere you feel like a weird
shudder oh don't get any wind and come
back to your hell and the guy the
concierge asks if you are gonna have
dinner at the at the the restaurant the
Metropole is they call it or if you're
going or he could recommend if you wish
if you wish applaud your native
experience there are nile cruises yes
they are lovely there there is also for
the you know there is the English club
which it's that's a a gentlemen's club
that also serves ladies but is the the
most important it's the the place for
the English set in Cairo or there are a
number of there are a number of native
restaurants that I would be happy to
recommend as well
many of them have lovely lovely instance
there's belly dancing shows there's
hookahs widely available mmm-hmm
I think yours fine so if if we do end up
going out to an English gentlemen's club
that may be some place where the pen
where the Carlisle expedition may have
gone and we may run into someone who
knows them I thought perhaps that's
probably dinner though okay I would
actually prefer quiet dinner most I
didn't dress up I was would say who's
gonna play the gentleman here I have no
doubt absolutely none that Yosef would
love to do that
yes but he's not feeling well still yeah
well good on him if you mentioned if you
mentioned an English supper club he's
feeling much better okay all right yeah
there it is dinner yeah yeah English
supper club that means have to dress up
right mmm-hmm
ish yeah
yes I'm in ambition does it work I mean
I'm sure that we will be looked down
upon if we show up in a native garden Oh
true
so are you your are you breathe so well
it does but the nile cruise dinner is
like on the water and it's nice and cool
before I get this wrong and there's fire
yeah yeah when the Duchess would Prague
she is certain I should save some of our
money because when you still have a long
ways to go that's true
hate me in that person but the guy at
the hotel hears you talking about saving
money and becomes much less interested
I'm sure yeah well I'm so I'm trying to
keep it on the DL yeah so do we want to
stay here and do dinner or do we want to
go out to a club or do we want to find
wealth we want to ask for a
recommendation of a native restaurant
I'm just much more I'm much more
interested in finding something local
but you could just be here I've never
alright sure they have stuff on the menu
here that is perfectly that has been
english' fied yes which means run
through the boys we can tell them that
we're we can that we that we have
discussed it you're able to ward off a
menu in advance for here for the
Metropole oh yes it's lovely it's French
French cuisine no yeah natch well yeah
I'll have a look at it Minyoung right
yeah he brings you a menu and it seems
perfectly English we tell him we have a
little we can we can spare some we can
go to a nice Egyptian restaurant but I
mean I don't mind if nice or not nice I
would I really want to get a taste for
the for the real food around here
and yes I can eat the bland English food
I will mock him to the end of days for
that one so then I say we split the
party over this
no bag can go wrong everything nile
cruise english supper club mmm all right
so what are we doing this is the fateful
decision bring on what's for dinner yeah
I know nothing about that nothing okay
let's
does anyone have strong feelings seems
like you have strong field but I can if
you'd prefer a cruise there is a cruise
that serves local delicacies or I can
give you an address to a a restaurant
that is not too Egyptian looking for a
stewardship not to Egyptian I understand
why not to Egyptian what don't drink the
water just button it no yeah drink the
camel milk yes mmm depends on what I
and we are we are ready to compensate
you for your suggestion sample you're
very kind
um he will Oh Jay Mathews giveth and Jay
Mathews taken Oh what taketh away
apparently this is five hundred bits for
Emma because I haven't been able to kill
you yet let's see what am I to you all
right it's all on you you've already
made a cementum or whatever or they I
mean you've already almost killed two
Egyptians so yeah so yes you that seemed
one-sided to me you you are he gives you
directions very good directions
oh how Egyptian do you want to go medium
I mean you're about to say exactly that
all right so I seen a 2-mile so he's
going to give you you're in
tyro here he's going to give you a place
up here in the north in a neighborhood
called Abita and it is a restaurant
called the blue nile and he he tells you
that he says and you should make sure to
get the date platter the date platter
yes it's lovely
that sounds magnificent that is what I
so yeah you go and you have a lovely
meal yeah it is it is wonderful and it
is you know the guy you barely order and
the guy just keeps bringing lovely
dishes that aren't you know there's all
of these dates with goat cheese and yes
wrapped in foil you might exist this
much almost the entire meal is cold
very hot there's many little hot dishes
there's a lot of yogurt and stuff like
that
everyone at dinner make me a spot hidden
roll hard success alright everyone but
the trained assassin you all you know at
some time working myself on it doesn't
fit at some point during the dinner you
look out of the corner of your eye and
you see you see head touches you see at
some point during a dinner at each of
you turns and just out of the corner
around you just see a black cat on a low
wall across the street just like licking
its paw and it feels like it's watching
you to me yeah I mentioning cultists
will be watched by cultists I know it
yeah it's watching us it's cultists
everything's called this right the head
needs to like that capsule he's not a
can they watch a suitcase I mean it is a
cat that's a cat
nevermind is probably just a cat it's a
very it's a very pretty cat it's a
lovely cat it's probably got fleas or
something that's why it's just sitting
there looking itself I mean no it's
taking the time
please well maybe it's waiting for us to
like finish then come eat the rest of
our food wait to put a glass like this
at the edge of the table respond no it
doesn't come in the restaurant now it's
outside its outside it's across the
street like just kind of we have a
five-minute conversations like it's
watching us we mean is there an open
window too deep
sure yeah little bread all right you
throw it out there the cat will jump
down and eat the bread and and scurry
away okay hmm I think you're not a cat
anymore I think you have a malevolent
spirit well yeah you vanquished it you
get the experience yes
you drove it from the field it's like
being strong I think he was just bored
it counts he left after my attack all
right yeah you you head back to the
hotel well stuffed just pleasantly full
delicious spirit actually get out of the
cab or whatever transportation a little
shirt back and let's walk yeah like I
think we do got to walk this out yeah I
mean yeah I'm very it is a beautiful
night for walking you actually will
walk down this this is the main drag
along the railroad track so you'll come
to this and you'll walk down and then
there is a series of bloody parks I
think you walk through and this part of
town is also the only part of Cairo that
is gas lit ah okay so you feel a little
safer yes is it unsafe to beat other
places Old Cairo yeah okay some people
say like I'm sure it's fine oh you have
been gone a while yes but we we do have
to do some research tomorrow guys swing
whoa then Giza LA I thought you're going
at night whoa let's go early inside the
pyramids I mean I don't want to be late
for finding a place yeah we have there's
a mosque that we can get there sweetie
Egyptian Museum in the museum we need to
go to the museum we do
the one place I figured we'd come back
and do that my priorities are not right
they should be your priorities are
finding things out so we don't die where
should we go first
so the Egyptian Museum is right on there
it's right on the Nile yeah and so it is
fairly close to your hotel okay the
mosque you have no idea where it is we
have to find out where has you I mean
you are a meat you are struck as Jamal
drove you through town those of you
who know what a mosque entails you would
know comparative religion on that there
are there are minarets everywhere it
seems like every block so you won't see
it like Rome yeah churches yeah yeah you
hear the call to prayer is deafening oh
we're not sleeping very much here mmm
yeah they pray during the night no early
in the morning yeah there yeah I mean as
long as we get to sleep at a reasonable
hour so we ship the drinking okay no
it's pace or something
well drink to drink man then we take a
nap yeah then we get out for real yeah
well you guys are doing that I'll be at
the librarian and that at the Museum
Poisson which is their second wake up
it's gonna say Irish coffee and then
benign Dolan
we had the Irish man stolen yes
so did we call ahead to the museum to
set up an appointment yes you can you
can do that I mean and we'd probably
just send a wire yeah you know or adored
so yeah you you send a message to doctor
all Iike for basically saying hey we
well what name do you drop any names or
I forgot my fake name hold on I meant of
you know names to get you in the door or
oh okay because well is it okay dr. lamb
a good name
give us in the door or was that when he
hears yours yeah and I try to expense
any bottles and later we find his
rations and I tried to expense the
Scimitar nice make an accounting role
right there season I'm ready
we're in Marcin oh yeah this is the
moment yeah no it's a weird okay where
did we get to connections
I think the Jackson Elias mentioned that
he had gone to the Egyptian Museum
that's okay new foundation Gavigan well
but also the the Carlisle xbo them of
them it I think doctor prayer for the
museum gone wrong with name dropping the
Carlisle expedition everywhere you get
so we should avoid that and we were just
Oh cuz the thing is is we were told by
Gavigan to come here like oh this would
be in this echoed we don't want to
name-drop Gavigan no no no no I think
Jax Elias we should we should use his
name your name is fine let's use your
name but let's just use your name
yeah it goes like hey I am someone who
is an enthusiast of this I am a
professional and feel like this maybe an
Impala tick question but since we are in
Egypt I feel like I should ask how is
your name in the archeological circles
um as far as I know I've been here and
we I've been with the groups of people
who've dug up stuff and we haven't
had any bad the only bad thing was they
took credit for my helping dig up stuff
um so as I go I'm fine
so is that like Emma is to New York or
[Laughter]
the purpose of as far as I know it's not
like I you know I'm getting newspapers
it says Joan Lam is you know you know so
but you haven't done anything where it's
like oh if they found this out they
would have a different opinion that's
not what you mean by that right like
Emma Alexandra is to Peru no III mean
they know me as the professor here even
though I haven't been teaching for a
while and they also know you as a
professor right right that's good and
but they professor is on Gilligan's
Island
yes true but they know me as a doctor a
professor Eames I'll not do it doing
that anymore so yeah I there I put your
name drop myself if you're if you're
wondering if you're wondering whether
you know I stole a bunch of things and
they're gonna confort know okay
no and then she's just never caught all
of us except for Yosef have fake
identities which I assume we've been
using because the cultists that want to
kill us
oh yes okay I haven't now do we want a
name drum use Donald the headdress was a
genius my it is the morning of March 5th
it is a lovely Thursday
you are woken early in the morning by
the call to prayer yeah
and we have our alcohol with our coffee
correct some of you might turn in there
go M alcohol in hot well I do not do not
know why I'm here
dehydration we didn't believe it none
20s so are you going to the meet what so
what do you say in the letter that then
why are you sent to the museum yesterday
I said that I was following up some
leads on following up leads on some on a
phone leaves on staff that was a
founding one of the gigs and that I
needed to come and talk to them about it
okay and you don't leave a return
address again for the hotel we learned
lesson we just got raided by rhythmic hi
oh yes yeah is an entire role-playing
game user no high school that sounds
wonderful I think it's high school
musical than the RPG you go hello world
we're all in this together the fact that
you know that reference terrifies me
but seriously alienate them so because
we are rated we are going to before the
break we're going to do an or depth
giveaway must be present to win
sorry Quebec but it's gonna be at the
chat is gonna tell you one of our
wonderful moderators the Hefner the
Baroness or Thomas he's a kind of isn't
here moderate I say moderate something
he's a regular moderate but it'll be
hashtag chaos for a chance to win the
nor dead giveaway this time we're giving
away the north deck of nothing it's a
deck of just in its yeah it's blank
cards infinite nothin or death use your
imagination deck nice
you can write what you're damned can
write whatever they want you do not give
the DM that much power we I think they
get to pick that much it's electic or
the other one luck world of imagination
thank you for the rain we're playing
Call of Cthulhu and if you want to you
know I don't want to over excite anybody
but they decided what to have for dinner
accounting role got me a fancy dress
yeah a scimitar with an elder sign on it
yeah so it's not like that you know put
it that way but no not that dress that
just is just in a package creepy it's
just to put it on now so you have very
little luggage after the boat sank I'm
not no it's not even taken out of the
way from here to there the and then you
get the dress by the way if you're
wondering about the jewelry it's an
intelligent magic item that may or may
not be totally evil it has been worn by
several of the characters at this point
it's Mike it gives but my advice and
it's saner than all of us I mean to be
fair three out of the five members have
not worn it Alexandria is actively
avoiding the damn thing which I need you
to comedy net and Joe wants it so you
can only have one staves or contrast
like the Highlander will come out so you
you basically yes I found some staves at
a dig yes a and I want to learn more
about them s and so yeah not take them
you will get yeah in that morning at
breakfast time you get a wire from dr.
Ali Kapoor at the Egyptian Museum and he
he says oh I would be most pleased to
meet you and to look at your staves and
then you get a little worried by the
next sentence which is and make sure
that our cultural artifacts are where
are kept where they belong
I was waiting for that actually take
your ID proof read your letters great so
yeah okay I have this feeling that those
staves are not leaving this country now
it's almost like Egypt wants their
Egyptian stuff I am so they didn't they
can't pry it off my head today gypped
our Egyptian alright
and it's also wrapped I need to get a
wrap forgive my sin no I'm all right
yeah you Nick okay so just so Joan has a
wrapped package that she is bringing
with her it's like wrapped up in paper
with like white string around it are you
sure it's a good idea I think it's just
terrible yes it's not a big it's yeah
the paid the package is much smaller
than the states what did we figure you
today break down what I think
collapsible it I have something else I'm
gonna show him but while we're there we
can look at the other stuff fair enough
okay all right so you you make your way
to the Egyptian Museum is a beautiful
huge building you walk up this broad
stairway this broad marble stairway into
the lobby which has just untold
treasures of the Egyptian historical
milliard of not just from the firaon ik
h but stuff from the Ottoman Empire
stuff from before the Pharaohs even
there's how amazing things here there's
all sorts of incredible stuff we found
then like four days yeah yeah no it's my
my fav one my favorite places we do have
to me you ask me why
my hair could answer that we're almost
to break
yes so yeah you will hold on we have to
have a discussion right now about pacing
yourself with your alcoholic intake did
we not talk about this in talk yes last
night
countries yes and we have to ration the
number of days per the number bus so
hard you can't hold together museum you
can have a sip okay I have to learn
somehow I'm sorry you get so yeah you at
the desk will say that you're here to
see dr. Kapoor and you will be shown to
his office and dr. Cofer is a he's an
older short thin man he he's very
fidgety he's very like as he you as
you're brought to his office like in his
office he's just like constantly moving
things on his desk and he's always sort
of you know more calm the more fidgety
he's making me anxious dr. Koo for don't
tell wait hold on this is for Thomas no
you just want it slightly hold on Olli
this Knicks got the monitor he can up oh
yeah you know that's a little too hold
on just wanted a little help three hours
every time so and you know oh you must
be professor lab yes yes and these are
my associates who have their also very
interested and very nice to meet you the
three of you know not a lot about
museums make me a make me an
oh yes that's hard intelligence okay so
you you have Marcus to intelligence
that's not just hard just hard and some
knots artists yeah so you noticed two
things hey this guy's office is like you
know in ace a put like a tucked away
corner this is not a this is not a a
large you know a main administrator's
office right and you also notice as you
come in that his his door says in both
Arabic and in English a Lika for and
curator of the occult hole sweet thing
so what kind of stuff does he have we
were told his offices adjust paper
workers or anything interesting hand of
glory are you wearing a head wrap
yeah doors help go should I wear one
as well and that would be awesome
tomorrow so they're the main thing
that's in here is books
okay there are just wall-to-wall books
and anything beautiful
I mean well he's you know cursory glance
it's it's hard to see okay but he will
you know what it's so nice to meet all
of you dr. professor Lam you said that
you had dr. Lam doctor them partners
pardon me you said that you had an item
that you wished me to examine yes well
this is there's what several items but I
brought this one for your attention
uh may i yes he'll he'll take it and
he'll like put in one of those jewelers
monocles do you do you speak do you
understand hieroglyphics
no yes what what does this say
I was hoping that you would be able to
give it a different interpretation this
is not a language I recognize these are
not veronik hieroglyphics and some of
the paint came off on my fingers where
did you find this piece I was out on a
dig and that was one of the things that
they allowed me to to take and now I can
see why all right well I'm allowed you
to take something from a dig we can
discuss that later but I don't know I
think that was a good time to discuss
that where it was this dig it allowed
you act a completely fascinating and
what really oh you know I've enjoyed
that yeah there were nefarious people I
went I was trying to to study this
environment various mental professor I
I'm afraid if I tell you they would come
after me at this point no hang on what
are their names because they might come
after us anyway we'll talk okay I hope
you understand that this is a very not
very convincing fake that's what I was
afraid of but I wanted to make sure that
I could get another expert opinion on it
because I I I understand that that you
know people coming in and taking things
from the environment is there stealing I
understand that but so there are several
and nefarious people out there who why
did you take it because they gave it to
me and I'm just I was thinking they were
trying to get me into trouble so I
wanted to
make sure that I could bring it and
allow you to see it and then we could
also discuss other things I see I
really wish you would let me know where
this dig is so that I can report them to
the appropriate authorities I understand
I understand and and we'll talk more
about that but I feel like you're
putting me off oh I didn't mean to do
that no I think it was quite intentional
know what work part of what else that
were we're working on and I I didn't
want to put this in a note is that we
were following the footsteps of
Jackson Elias an a mine oh well yes I I
have met mr. Elias he is a very good man
but he's no longer with us
oh no yes he passed on earlier this year
oh that is by passed on he was killed by
cultists well yes not and so I didn't
want to put anything in writing that
could endanger what you have here so I'm
sorry for the ruse of the but I wanted
to see I want to get a sense of you
before we talked about these delicate
were not at a dig stealing items this is
just a thing that was made up wow how
could he just wrote badly on a
psychology role very well then
psychologists hardly oh well we know
you're good friends of Jackson our good
friend Jackson Elias yes but I'm sorry
for the ruse I'm sorry for for for for
for doing that but I wanted to see how
you reacted I think the less we talk
yes mr. Elias was
he when he was here he was he was very
nervous and what are you what did you
guys talk about well he wanted to know
all about the Carlisle expedition of
where they were going and sort of what
they were doing and I I told mr. Elias
that I couldn't I couldn't answer all of
his questions right then and I set up a
second meeting with him but he never
showed up for it but what was your
involvement with the Carlisle expedition
mr. Penn you came to the museum and we
gave him access to the 2d archives the
pen you Foundation has been a great
supporter of the Egyptian Museum he did
not I did not speak with him and when I
heard they were having a dig I went out
to visit in sure they were alcohol sure
and mr. Penn you was very rude and sent
me away
I was not he refused to let me enter the
dig site and I have met mr. Penn Hugh
several times and this was a very
different mr. Penn you he he had a rage
in him that I did not recognize I
understand and he what did he access in
the archives do you know what he was
looking up before he went to the it was
looking up the alignment of he was
looking up information about the
alignments of pyramids in Giza and and
assure okay it is my opinion this is
worth exactly what you pay for it but it
is my opinion that he and his foundation
found some sort of secret in sure
and that is why they went to Kenya I do
not believe it was a safari okay I
believe something they found sent them
to Kenya where they met their
unfortunate end do you have any
suspicions about what it was they may
have found even a wild even a wild hare
gasps I'm gonna need given given the
intro you've had with him I'm gonna need
on your charm a persuade something Oh
Lord not the I love Jackson Elias none
of these are good so meet em I mean I
have some in them III do we're gonna
have disadvantage ya know I'm gonna have
some persuade so I'm good I'm gonna try
what's your persuade 52 good Lord some
persuade that's like I have none by step
so you will have disadvantage on this
role so I do too can we mix that
disadvantage and make it regular no but
you've got it you can re-roll it okay
to disadvantage oh I've just missed it
the other one was good I'll do it again
do it again
well disadvantage again well you
literally that again do you know where
the dig was and wasn't a new site or was
he digging up new heights
he pulled it a me turbo no okay
almost five away from a turbo right man
if I had the low one it would have
worked for me it was it was a sight in
Joshua that had previously been undone
that's why I think they found something
okay damn it
so it's a known site that was just yes
has been explored yeah and whose site
was it like was it supposed to be a
burial site is it just general
excavation oh oh I see you know I mean
is it buildings is it holy sites as in
pyramids what was he looking for
specifically when he went out to and
money tended to go this is why we need
my mom yeah the investigator actually
sometimes does investigating around
sometimes it count exactly on point
tonight what to do it was inch no wisdom
right fudge here we go Paula G my and
and and why the pyramids are aligned the
way they are and man you weary fourteen
but he says it was by it was by the red
pyramid okay and huh I don't know
anything about the red I don't know
anything about the pyramids we know we
should know about the red pyramid yes
the red pyramid is actually you would
definitely know this the red pyramid is
yeah she told us about it was I really
there was I you you were really there it
was it was the one where she saw the
vision of the black Pharaoh opening
people's throats and them bleeding down
yeah the pyramid by your head so the red
pyramid is I have a weird memory for
minutiae like that here we go let's see
would that obstruct me is cuz I also had
someone of that vision of the sacrifices
but that was why don't we just block it
out pyramid is called that because of
the red sandstone so it's actually it
has a reddish tinge okay
and is there just one yes okay so it's
not one of the earlier it's one of the
earlier pyramids and in geez cousin Giza
do we have three pyramids in Giza have
you discovered yeah three plus of space
yes okay there's key ops Katherine and
miss arenas and I have which those are
actually the those are the the
Americanized names Khufu Khafre and
Menkaure
gesundheit and do you know how its
aligned and compared to Giza well that
it is very interesting that the pyramids
in dahshur share a very similar
alignment with the pyramids in Giza how
so to the stars or yes latitude
longitude yes to the stochastic and
which star
would that be actually it's mainly
off of the planet Pluto okay yes yes
totally
yes whole table is like else then planet
God
so yeah you asked about the stars and
things like that and he will and the
other question yeah I was but say if he
wants to pontificate but like is there
any other sort of like astrological date
that like you know like the solstices
and Stonehenge January 14th of next year
yeah like anything is there any sort of
cult or any any sort of dates or times
as far as like the Sun and the moon and
the position of the pyramids and Pluto
Marty blob as I'm skimming the books are
there any books on like astrology that I
can yeah you see a couple and he will
say well there is a prophecy mm-hmm
there do tell yeah there is a prophecy
that implies that a great evil sometimes
called the black Pharaoh yeah yeah will
arise fingers and toes after the great
good one and many have taken that to be
a reference to 20 centuries after Jesus
arise fingers until 20 yeah yes 20
headin fingers and toes right so that's
20 great real it's a new age then begins
destined to end the dominance of mankind
and bring freedom and stark truth to the
black Pharaohs followers boy that sounds
Pleasant
it is also said that the black Pharaoh
had a horrible beast that was his thrall
and that the Sphinx is a model of that
and anybody that wants to can make a
psychology rule yes now trying I keep
making these and then failing with two
likes kill them up oh my god yeah I made
it oh my god I made it like clearly
notes tastes light like not all their
tremor in his voice as he's talking
about the black Pharaoh hmm
like you know he's a little unhinged
so I recognized that like it sounds like
he believes it yes okay so have you
researched the black Pharaoh or
extensively and so we've been looking
into him a little bit as well just a
little bit you know extensively not
extensively just a little bit we've
buried
we heard some rumors well and it's
really hard to define anything about the
black Pharaoh because it seems like
everything that would be related to the
black Pharaoh has been wiped from
history so we're having a tough time
trying to find things for something that
doesn't exist other than the lack of it
means that potentially it could exist
III mean I'm done that's exactly right
that's an excellent way to put it yes so
nephron caw-hoo we call the black
Pharaoh mm-hmm he came to Egypt and he
was a powerful sorcerer
he brought madness and death to his
enemies and he the story said he came
from an ancient city in the deserts of
Arabia Ihram the city of pillars is
where he came from
this place is mentioned in al Aziz and
all who know it held it in dread anybody
who wants to can make a Cthulhu Mythos
actually making a cult roll I'll let you
make an occult roll on that one okay
that's that's pretty I mean for me
and a cult are exactly the same that's
terrifying
oh my gosh I got a totally totally
totally article my shaker a regular is
the Necronomicon he just casually
dropped do I lose my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] why'd you roll
98 oh did you fry the Cthulhu no so
if you did he call the Necronomicon
again all of you and with your role you
will know that Alice Eve is the name for
the original Arabic version of the
Necronomicon and what's before I go
crazy what's what's a Black Rose naming
a nephron caught not great - car you
know what I cannot we're gonna go to
break while we let Amy smuggle room is
nothing bad ever happens we'll be back
you you won't Cthulhu Mythos that's even
better so we will be back just as soon
as five people can use one bathroom and
decide how to end the world again I have
to look glassy in the camera until we go
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
yeah the resins is what made that
welcome back to a session Amy is
tolerating just think 98 makes it tough
to go on I want to congratulate of dice
not men which is my new favorite toy I'm
a whiny one the Nord ex Nord Nord games
deck congratulations
Howard's decks is an entire do not being
North Downs congratulations and thank
you again
I've already rhythmic hi thank you for
bringing the song stylings of your High
School Musical LARP to question ki I
would way rather High School of Rock yes
that's they weren't in high school were
they no I called anybody is cuz I'm all
I see exist him she seems like she's 12
she's 17 yeah sure everyone assumes I'm
like 18 there you good so I'd give up on
ages so you have just he casually drops
the name Alice Eve and you like
shuddered yeah as he just is so casual
about that you I think made the role so
you know that he was referring to the
Arabic translation of the Necronomicon
and you are suddenly struck by you know
it wasn't that long ago that your faith
was destroying books like that there is
evil in this place ungodly evil in this
place you should probably report them to
the Vatican I mean you probably don't
want to start a fire see what you did
here yeah way to sling the Legos but yes
this is there is just you know there is
there is heresy at work here okay so
apostasy of the worst kind
I just an extreme Lancome you are you're
uncomfortable you
do not want like the yeah this man is
tricky this man is trading in things
that man was Museum shut it all down I
will speak to the authorities about it
so yeah I think so who mentioned he just
is like casually mentioning us as a
thief yes and there's a question mark
over Alexandria just like so what what's
that
George we don't speak of oh you know you
know the Necronomicon of know you
know we have a copy here and where do
you keep saying copy in the vault I've
read it it's okay I didn't make my role
my role but I get that once asked him um
but if he if he's come across the name
knight of Greece oh yeah yes yes she was
[Music]
that was the name of the mummy that was
stolen from the Clive expedition at Giza
well let me let me be clear I believe
that was the mummy that was stolen from
them the Clive expedition was doing a
dig at Giza
they had that's the unidentified mummy
stolen that's the new guy from the pen
you found it yes no yeah this that we
owe and it was undoubtedly the remains
of Knight Icarus that was stolen from
them and they uncovered a secret room in
the smallest of the great pyramids I
don't know how they how this mummy was
stolen but it but it was and I think I
mean I think it to me it's clear that
the theft of this mummy has something to
do with the black Pharaoh
why what what do you know who nada Chris
was - the black Pharaoh I don't I don't
um but maybe so there was a Dutch
archaeologist who was part of the Clive
expedition a doctor
yon villain van hoobland whoa spell that
one I was gonna say yeah gone villain JN
WI ll am von VN who vlinn HEU ve le in
I'd like to apologize to our Dutch
listener differentiation of who-ville
in' if we if we have judgment listeners
thank you for tuning in yeah donkey Bell
yanan yanan i am that is that's the only
that's the only Dutch I've learned from
my parents living and speaking a little
bit of it you don't know how to ask for
a donger I just say donor okay many but
he was he was let go by dr. Clive I mean
if he would you could probably talk to
him about the expedition is he still
here he's I assume he's in Cairo
probably one of the fancy hotels
I don't really we don't get pick
archaeologists don't get paid very much
not very much but who has his Bennett
was who's his benefactor well he was he
was hired by dr. Clive I'm part of the
Clive expedition but now he's not so he
may not got it he doesn't have any gear
any anything yes
so I I I don't know how night night Oh
Chris is connected to the bat black
what I'm about to say is gonna sound
crazy but there are things in Egypt that
are not of heaven and earth things
beyond I'll keep my mouth shut things
beyond our understanding
I have seen awful things the sort of
things that one reads about in allah's
'if and i tell you that nephron car and
neither chris are very real and I am
very consciously using the present tense
because in Egypt one who is entombed in
a pyramid is never far from life that's
very profound I'm sorry I doubted you
when you said one who's in tuned is
never far from life I integrated that
literally me to like the black Pharaoh
was well he was him he was into very
calm now for some time somewhere yes yes
there we have not found so oh I I have
not I'm so sorry if you have done any
research you might have noticed that
references to the black Pharaoh are few
and far between yes he so perfidious was
this man that when he died when he was
taken when he was done with all mention
of him was expunged the the Pharaohs of
the third dynasty ordered that every
reference to nephron cot be carved out
of the record which is what we found
you found I mean no but that's what we
were that's what we had we just we can
converse yes we this bears their lies we
we found very interesting holes mm-hmm
can I look at some of these astrology
books of course of course
yeah I take it you can like it yeah um
making a cult role oh yeah late I'm
specifically looking for January 14th
that does seem where's the shirt yeah
yeah all right so your success so you
pull out a book and in your head you
hear a voice say say page 137 he is a
reader to obvious like and here it takes
me like so yeah you find a you find a
reference that you know pretty much is
pointing to the whole twenty centuries
you know that's 1926 is pretty close to
20 centuries after after my good buddy
JC so yeah there's there's this and this
seems to be you know this this the
reference that you found and like when
you turn when you turn to that page
before it lights up and he's like you
see there that's the bit about the
prophecy that says that twenty centuries
after the birth of Jesus Christ who is a
great prophet all of these terrible
things will happen did Emma just which
[Laughter]
do you know is there any astrological
happenings that are meant to happen
around that time oh my I hadn't I hadn't
thought about about that the book in
your head the book says page 212 oh look
here it's a total eclipse in January of
next year huh
yeah that would coincide so I'm speaking
to both of you kind of sideways
and how to stop said how to stop an
eclipse know how to stop the affair from
coming forth Oh
didn't anybody decide I mean unless you
enjoy being ripped to shreds over and
over again in eternal hell what I'm well
I don't think that's yeah but actually I
think you're that I it's just very
fascinating that you know the the belief
that the Pharaoh keeps coming back and
coming back I mean he's gonna probably
do that to everybody so have you thought
about how to stop him I mean I admit
that I have seen things and and
experienced things but I really consider
most of this somewhat metaphorical so
you think that but if it was little is
metaphorical no I think it's I I
apologize I'm not a religious man and
you don't believe in that are Will
Survive as I saw you shudder but no no I
believe in the black Pharaoh but and
you don't believe that these things are
real oh no I very much believe they're
real and you don't believe that he's
going to be here in January of 2027 who
you think 1926 do you think that in
January the black Pharaoh will do you
think on the 14th I
I mean I'd really need to look at some
charts but what oh I have the page open
yeah you have what I find incredible
fine hmm just open to this page on its
own amazing coincidence you have you set
you've set astrological scholarship
[Laughter]
as it should be or craft yeah and
crapped you should be under science you
have said you have said I mean this is a
major find in astrological science this
is this is astounding I I'm gonna submit
this to a journal okay so if we could
zero on the location and construct a
gigantic elder sign at the point elder
sign you you know what an elder sign is
waiving calculation I know of and more
well this is a great day you want to see
my notes yes don't publish without names
on it I don't want my name anywhere ego
memorized my run back yet yeah there's a
chalkboard and you're disturbing this is
where the lines start coming you can
pull it out yeah you you like you most
of my research is on the loss of the and
he's like yeah yeah yes I read that
like you crestfallen I think is a good
word to describe the emotional just like
ah that's not where I want that to come
from no no this is a powerful force for
good the mad Arab talks about how the
Elder Sign is the only thing that kept
him from being devoured is it a way to
stop the black Pharaoh and trap him in a
different plane I mean could it possibly
be that powerful yeah the bigger they
get
good yes plunk when you cook them only
place where they're a hotdog
yes Chicago PAC bill Park oh wait what
is it no AT&amp;T Park no I was in care
somewhere that doesn't sponsor a spark
[Music]
which now describes every team only big
it was a really cheat got it cheap
so yeah you there's like a geek out
moment of like more than a moment of
these two like at a chalkboard and
they're like going in reducible are some
of it yeah yeah yeah you recognized the
ritual he's like you so your the thing
that's new to him is you're sort of like
and if you do it at a place that's a
ritual a ritual apparently as night not
how it heard oh my this is this is
amazing
I'm perched on his desk at this point
just watching all of this stone what is
your last name again oh geez Costa dr.
I usually is I would look if there is
anything I can do for you please let me
know would you like to see a lizzie no
no that's fine no baby maybe another
make you have full access to the
Egyptian museum's library whatever you
require please just let me know we would
actually need some assistance
on research on how to stop the black
bear oh I see this cult is actively
trying to bring him forth so let's see
here and outside of stopping cultists at
every turn there is not a definitive way
to make this end I mean you say stopping
yeah I will I will do some research come
back tomorrow
we might so we might be leaving for a
what could I come I mean we just want to
nice what I just wants to observe I but
there's a cost I've gone over the cost
several times with him like stressing my
I am something of a ritual enthusiast
aha I have performed a ritual or two in
my day and I would be very interested to
see just observing and maybe able to get
us access to locations mm-hmm it's a
mean maybe to understand given what
we're trying to do I'm still here fine
dr. Costa given the situation of what
we're trying to achieve he would know a
spot he would probably know a good
taking yes there and he could get us
there I know a spot and
I can get you there where are we going
yeah you st. you someplace oh I'm
hopefully you're looking for a spot of
power in Giza hmm
we should probably all go together yeah
we should pick him up on the way yes not
read him I'm sure you as if he's just
crawling out of his skin so we'll meet
here tomorrow night know where we go
though tonight we should elected not
sure because das sure is where the
second pyramid of the black Pharaoh was
built after allegedly after the Red
Pyramid the first Piron so when the
black Pharaoh was finally defeated and
the new the new Pharaoh a man named
sniffer ooh mm-hmm he founded the 4th
dynasty and with the aid of Isis he slew
nephron calm he built a pyramid in
megohm to hold the body he thought that
was far enough away from from the Royal
from Egypt that it would be safe it was
not that pyramid was destroyed and so he
built a second one that was already he
repurposed really one that was already
built it's at sure it's known as the
bent pyramid okay the bent yes be EMT
you can't miss it it has a its top is
yes askew oh is that to stop his
ascension well so the again the pyramid
was already being made okay and they
repurposed it as a tomb on the fly and
they they purportedly they took the
Pharaoh at the black Pharaohs body from
a doom to the bent pyramid and ah sure
there's also the red pyramid is in Shore
as well and that also was built during
sniffles rain mm-hmm and that pyramid is
set to guard sure it's a it's a it's a
ward hmm hmm boy we don't know anything
about Ward's do we know so we're trying
to try to make one yeah and according to
the I have I have I have not found any
proof of this I've been to da sure I
have not found any proof of this but
supposedly the red pyramid the word of
the red pyramid keeps the black Pharaoh
from returning from the afterlife okay
and we wouldn't want to do anything to
potentially do that well but that is a
powerful sight of ritual do you think it
do you think that the cult of the black
Pharaoh would be interested in Joshua
interesting yeah here as then we might
run into some of them there would you
call them hmm well I mean and how far is
he sure it's entirely possible I will
tell you that I am positive that there
so might be dead
I was I was given hmm how far is Joshua
I don't want to say anything I I think
that we should go to Giza well but
destroy your research that I have done
ah as strongly indicated that Giza is
the location the magic 8-ball again is
still the best place to go for this
ritual right it's a fine place to go for
this fine place for the best place I
think he's asking the headdress oh yeah
yeah best place to go no no no if give
Jesus a good I'm not gonna ask the best
place cuz that could be like oh yeah you
want to go to a dart no goes before
asked I'm sure sorry when we say the
magic 8-ball we all never we're talking
yes
[Laughter]
you Joe to introduce yep Shores 20 miles
south that take dr. professor whatever
your name is Jesus well the best way to
howdy there would be to take a boat okay
May done is about another 35 miles south
of that you take a boat down the the the
Nile and you get there it's a couple
hours okay okay so we would have to
leave where for which soon if you went
to - or oh no we're set on Giza by Jesus
lovely are we setting Giza I'm set on
Giza
I've not gonna fur to it as a magic
8-ball but I find that name demeaning
yes exactly
I I don't even play snooker what no
anyhow he's a Giza rather than too short
well I mean des sure is a place of
immense arcane power Giza is also
impressive but it's no - sure it's not
too sure mm-hmm
the the yeah well I mean oh sure
okay you know what you know what Lud
that has been spilled there oh yes sir
you ha convinced me we should go - yeah
sure have a drink
it'll be fine just bring the flask would
you like me to I can arrange a boat do
you mind if I come along I will arrange
the boat that will les let us do that
arrange the boat for you to accompany us
all right and are you comfortable with
him being there for the ritual this is
very uncomfortable with me here I'm
sorry but there-there sign insurance if
if for some reason the person who wants
to you know pretend to take items from
Egypt doesn't want me there
Spain wife you laugh at right now if I
was I think you understand no let's
let's let's bring him along well
somebody's getting sacrificed all right
so you're going to DA sure apparently
all right pack our bags you know you
have some lunch yes not monsters you sip
demands it yeah you show up I'm so glad
you said that because I was trying to
worry you SEPTA's ordered room service
for like eight ah and it's waiting for
you when you get there right on I mean
he's a skinny kid just students and you
have a lovely lunch and then so and that
we inform him that he's coming along oh
we're going to tell sure oh I've heard
it's amazing I've heard things pack all
the guns all the guns all of them I have
I have my knives don't wanna battle I
love heavy iron in the bag I really know
so but yes I'm gonna to arrange I'm
gonna go to Bob go downstairs and I'm
gonna that's the constant station I
would ask like I have serious
reservations about this gentleman I'm
yes we haven't vetted him at all we
don't know who he is
he was creepily obsessed with the
Necronomicon and I was worried that
maybe he was part of as do i and I was
real molding out to the fact we might
need that information he has been
incredibly helpful and I believe he does
a point when he is not awful so until
the argue against basing it solely on
like a utilitarian standpoint I mean his
his heart is in the right place
mr. counts it's more than him just being
helpful the Necronomicon is a thing that
from what you've said is something we
shouldn't be messing with yeah no we
should not
she's really better someone
messed with it for us but he's read it
so he knows it so that means here's
here's the brilliant part about this
though we might be able to learn things
without having to read it yes and I
don't like to read it but just know I
would just trust Joan Joan please do all
of the arrangements yes in fact if we
have to hire additional eyes because I
just I don't trust the fact that he is
not making its alternate arrangements
for us as we speak if you catch my drift
yes like we're gonna end up dead in the
desert but I'm not sure that we want to
bring any others along with us you could
hire you probably know some like diggers
slash young toughs
if you wanted to get some muscle and pen
that would be cool yes and if it works
it'll be relatively cool so I guess
entire heat stroke all bring their own
pistols beauty
oh yeah that's all I was trying to ask
but what's the gun laws so you guys have
all your guns but definitely brandishing
them as a bad idea and these guys aren't
clearly but at a certainly aking but at
a certain once you're at a Cairo
yeah okay yeah go to town yeah all right
it's one right so yes I like that
tell me we have something big enough to
hide these things really heavy I have a
duffel bag oh yes we have the duffel
about it I have to put it together I
don't think no yeah Donald once he spent
like a whole turn assembling his own
yeah it's true should probably maybe
assemble that before we get there
well doesn't fit in the bag assemble
Bright's yeah that's the problem we
can't have it once we once we're out of
Cairo we'll get off the goat like let's
go to oh that's a big gun my poor rogue
elephants
whoa camels oh I hear they get rabies
they run up on the ship and everything
yeah by the way I would like to thank my
buddy Tiana for letting me feel like one
of the cool kids and drink out of a
bottle I'm enjoying a virgil's root beer
I'm enjoying a root beer that does not
deposit is it good good it's a you know
like I always feel like it I always feel
like special what I'm drinking I'm above
it yeah it's a brown bottle this is how
they do it thank you use your paper bag
for that when I when I was in I was in
AmeriCorps many many years ago and we
lived on a navy base and on a navy base
you can't drink out like they they they
won't let you you can only drink in
certain places and the bowling alley had
a bar and in the bar they had Ivies they
had a roof another root beer that does
not sponsor us and I love that root beer
so I would walk to the bowling alley and
I'd get a root beer and I'd walk back to
where our are our deck as the Navy
charmingly calls dorms was and every
time MPs would roll up on me and like
this light would flash on me and they're
like what's that bottle son it's root
beer prove it I don't know how to bread
would you like yeah I'd let's show them
the label and a pair and they'd be like
give it to me and they taste it because
apparently Navy people will take root
beer bottles sounds like maybe people my
sister was in the Navy though my
brother-in-law still is yes maybe people
in San Diego where I was stationed yeah
okay they allow on navy bases eighteen
year olds to drink cuz they don't want
them to go to Tijuana
uh and so like you know let's just say
that it's a bad idea but like nothing
bad ever happened with letting
eight-year-olds drink on a Navy base let
me tell you I I have a whole rant on the
subject of you're old enough to vote and
die for your country at 18 but not old
enough to get a drink I have a rant on
that
away from the yes as a teetotaler I go
the other direction that's there but you
know but yes that far afield sorry so
yes it is now about it's about three
o'clock when your boat is ready all
right
the the heat of the day hopefully being
on the Nile will cool things off you
know the there's not much of a breeze
but at least some the water and the the
motion and all that really helps like a
fan yeah dr. Koo for he shows up at the
doctor I suppose you tell him to show up
yep
bye I know he yes by himself about him
to see if anybody else is sure I'd like
to join her in that yeah I make it just
a ring off everyone now let me know if
you get a hard success not zark at yes
by hidden yeah your heart success
there's a black cat yeah that is like
sitting it's like sleeping on the dog
it's following it is not it's the same
one it is not the same who has a little
white patch on it does not sure it's
just a cat it's no no that's not what I
believe there are stranger things in
heaven and earth but cats sometimes it's
long sharp cat the cat is not even
paying you attention it's just sleeping
on the fun you're right
it knows us thank you thank you
is it looking its business it knows oh
no it's sleeping oh you just described
it sleeping dr. Kapoor gives a deceit
does he recognize the cat no he doesn't
pay attention that cat but he like looks
at the three guys yes and he's like are
you expecting trouble always I'm here
[Laughter]
I'm here
are you expecting trouble I'm here
that's not bad we've we've run into some
interesting situations across the world
so we've become paranoid isn't quite the
right word but it's close no oh we've
been judicious where we know it we know
we were doing and John you
a real name in contacting you yeah stop
doing that what you have fake names yeah
can I have a fake name
sure makeup yeah whatever you want to
see let's call him Fred no that's too
much my friend
then we're gonna get jealous Fred Jones
yes what's your thing name I have just
come up with a new one
Zoe Smith hello Zoe I am Fred hi Fred
nice to meet you
glad I could meet you Beauty second
grade don't you primary school makes an
improv rule primary primary school is in
trouble
yes and I love it good the kids in
primary school well in Cairo 37 there
this I thought we were doing comedy that
is so we are we're going to defer mmm
yes beautiful all right
and he'll like plop down on the boat
he's like super excited yeah I'm gonna
find some shade and sister is down there
yeah there's a there's a small canopy
yes little of the base this is it's not
a great boat but it's got an output your
outboard motor which is nice and it's
got us the middle of it it has a covered
awning okay you're in the in the side
khafre's sitting on the edge reading out
of a small leather journal and everyone
said well he like scribbles in it sir is
that so same thing you're doing
oh no I brought my actual notes if he
wants to go over them no boy that's
excite so I'm working on the Journal
article about that ritual and about your
theory about the empowering of that
ritual at places of ritual times yeah at
times it's it's revelatory dr. Kosta I
mean how did you think of this that's
right a little birdie told me you're
about to get murdered and it won't be me
this time this is amazing
yes I do have my pack with me all right
yeah yeah I have all of my - yeah
there's a lot of these like looks around
how much
brah and he's like are you spending the
night are we should I have I didn't
bring anything
I don't bring luggage it's just all on
me all right nope we're good jewelry so
yeah it's a it's a lovely two-hour trip
already made one Gilligan's Island but
it is you know it's almost like it's
almost comical how just every like two
minutes you're like why look there's a
piece of antiquity you know like that is
just casually sitting on the bank of the
Nile it is all the way down to dust sure
sure there's probably kofta ooh I'm
there I'm gonna be out to fan yes so
obviously oh no we're gonna what I'm
writing down where where things are in
the different eras and all that oh yeah
you're probably giving a lecture yeah
yeah you'll you'll know that so the Red
Pyramid and the bent pyramid are the
only two pyramids at dahshur what about
tombs excavated tombs well they haven't
really found many there okay now this is
a it's mainly mainly what they found so
far are just those two pyramids wait I
will know how to spell pyramid by the
end of this that in Pharaoh
yeah wait a and Nayla so tip yes no III
frequently say when I'm editing the the
arkham horror games that I'm like okay I
know how to spell this now we're gonna
say Miskatonic it's it's gauche to plug
ourselves but I've been listening to our
podcast versions and the intros that you
do are just fantastic Tiana Tiana does
the intros for all of our podcast
versions of our things you can find them
on spot
by a bunch of other podcast things that
I don't know because I'm over you
pockets wherever you buy gas this one is
under question chaos call of cthulhu I
think I know and then you can find
natural one and and the Kaos agents also
there and there they're really good it's
a fun way to you know to do something
else why I mean really frequently I'll
go for like long walks and listen to
them to podcasts because that's the only
way that I can consume podcasts yeah I
mean I I always listen to the last
episode just to remember what happened
yes to try and remember the names of
characters that might pop up again Fred
Jones I wrote right here at the top of
my page doctor before II know he's
memory and remembers his feet now no
it's far too American so you you arrived
in disorder Schumer is a village like
there is just not much there this is not
you know Giza even in the 20s was
already a tourist spot where like people
were you know showing up and there was a
little cottage industry around you know
get your picture with the Great Pyramid
and all that stuff this is not that this
is a tiny fishing village you pull up at
a dock there is very little English
spoken here your Arabic is very useful
perfect because I speak very little
airbase dr. Kapoor also you make an
Arabic role no I'm guessing you're
gonna like want to know what dr. Kapoor
say to verify you saying oh yes yes
usually I use can I sure mrs. Wellner of
accrual did you fumble out doctor yeah
he's Sam's you know you you give him a
couple like I'll let him talk to this
guy and see what he says and he's all
very good he arranges for a guide to
take you to the pyramids okay and he
dangles a little bit with those good
that's what you'd hear me I going with
the guy and he gets a very good price
which he then looks to you to pay well
yes of course oh good is the pyramid hey
we appreciate him haggling for us
exactly exactly
tell Watson I'm not good enough should
we be eating here
thank you I appreciate that
so it's it's about it's a couple miles
out of town okay and he says the guides
will arrange it's about five miles out
of town so like you can't quite see them
from where you are in the e but it's you
head out and once you're out of the band
of the Nile it's just desert yeah and
and so the guides will the two guides he
hires will give you camels oh so we get
dinged we have to make to ride these
things yeah with my ride check and you
just hope you don't have to yeah yeah
because if we have to we're running from
something
hoping my camel will know to run I just
have to hold on I have a rifle so
hopefully never scare a camel a large
shot right behind its head sure they've
been trying no these are the British war
camels the third dragoons we have
nothing to worry about
I'm not just his dromedary service his
majesty sorry it's like in the flash
like camel by camel it's about two hours
okay sure it is not a fun ride I've
ridden camels before but yeah this is
not fun
it is it is a lot of like climbing up
sand dunes going out there very
sure-footed and usually you'll find when
they go up they kind of they don't do
switchbacks when they go down they do
more switch back to keep from just going
straight down hang on try to keep from
getting seasick not Turki for the whole
time is like just as we come over this
rise you should get your first glimpse
of the amazing pyramids and so yeah you
come over their eyes and there is a
scene out of a movie
as the Sun is setting behind the
pyramids and you see the very distinct
silhouette of the bent pyramid and where
it's the angle of its walls changes from
its upper to lower so it's like this and
then all of a sudden it's like that oh
wow okay how does it even stay up like
that
the amazing thing he'll say among many
of these is that there's no mortar used
it's just gravity the stones are just
that well cut yes my goodness yes that
welcome and that heavy sure what stones
are they made of well so the red pyramid
is made out of a distinct limestone it
has a pink tone to it and thus it's
named the big pyramid is made out of is
is the standard limestone so it's still
quite white hmm even in 1920 most of the
other pyramids erosion has taken off a
lot of the limestone and underneath it
is less a nice stone then they built it
up with and then the limestone was like
the outer coating yeah this one's still
white this one still has some of it has
much of its limestone yes interesting so
it's all like exposed less so less so
than the others the other pyramid kind
of blocks you know there's some and he
will tell you that you know he and he's
like and you know there's really no you
asked how how it stands up but the
really interesting thing about the bent
pyramid is no one knows why it's built
like that who built it it was a
Pharaoh's dynasty and you know there is
I have a pet theory that I'm carrying
the reason that it changed so radically
in the middle was that they repurposed
to this pyramid as a tomb at that point
at a certain point and they they changed
the construction of it then for some
reason but that
Eber I I and and I wonder if they ever
do if having a pyramid point pointed
straight at the sky what makes them want
to come back what time do I need to do
your ritual but I'm Russian what time do
we want to do this ritual good Corey ask
the magic 8-ball look I would say on the
10th well yes if you did it on the new
moon it was equally effective but I
think tonight I mean midnight is called
the witching hour for a reason
hmm start singing midnight midnight
sounds like a different camping supplies
right yes liquor camping camping also is
launched here yes I took the sheets from
the room roll of sorts do you do mm-hmm
like on your person at all times no we
do be out of the night we're never gonna
be out overnight
well we no one else apparently did
apparently I took the sheets from the
room all right yeah so this is gonna be
an uncommon like dr. Cofer is very
surprised but he's like well you know
the guides say that you can sleep on the
couch you can lean on the camel and it
acts as a windbreak in case this is sand
storm season oh goody I'm sure we can
hill so he hurt you and he says well
actually the pyramids are both guarded
what do you mean wasn't by people yes
you have the military uh-oh
because apparently some people like to
go in pyramids and take things could we
ask them for a tour this is older I
don't want out of curiosity is that the
British military or the National the
Egyptian there are Egyptian soldiers but
the Brits are in charge of this that's
very offensive I'm sorry Terry I can't
imagine why
the British are in charge of the Suez
Canal but Egypt is where we're our own
country and we'll you know if the
English want to fight I hope they don't
I just want to see the inside I don't
want to find anybody I mean I can ask
which pyramid do you want to go inside
which I don't want to break any bindings
neder but I'm nudging the headdress I
mean go wrong with either I've been in
both so we want to go in okay would you
know just the binding if you want to see
the black Pharaoh no bent pyramid you
know what the non bent pyramid the red
one the red one yeah there's no way that
can go wrong there's you know I think
it's the least worst of the options or
we could just stay outside yeah that's
just its own way for the ritual but I
want to go inside
well no we want to if we can do the
ritual inside that seems like it'd be
more powerful yeah mm-hmm
and also fewer places to be shot how
much money do you have doomed
I mean you hold all the money I'm just
quick that's what assistants are
probably have a couple hundred probably
a modest amount yeah so what do we think
would be the dollar amount of bribe we
were hoping that the good professor here
would help us the wheels well we can
always do that as well but no no start
with start with some cheese up start
with something okay we asked the
professor about that what what's that I
know what do you think that that a
monetary amount to perhaps I was to
company any one of the pyramids
surrounding the ritual you want to do
the ritual in the pyramid can is that
would it be better that way we believe
so Oh am i strong well I mean I think a
address a bribe would help yes and would
you be willing to
for us well not just negotiate but but
ensure that we aren't there to take
anything
oh I yes I will I will ensure of that
well know make sure of course ensure
that but also make sure that the guards
know that we're here well they would
they don't know me but I'll certainly
I'll put in a word for you okay not be
listening yeah
do you say that I will I will pass I
will since he made a snide remark I hand
a sum of money that I he like he gives
it all back to and he says I would
prefer if you did the bribing oh hey
just Lucy's who here is good at bribing
actually cuz it's not neat what would
that be persuasion yeah
persuade says oh hell not me yeah you
bribed you brought some soldiers outside
of an before yeah like I know how to do
this you'll have advantage on this role
okay nice well actually make an Arabic
role and you'll have if you make the
Arabic role you'll have advantage oh
yeah okay good so don't forget to give
yourself a check on Arabic mmm and now
you make a persuade role and you have
advantage oh I thought it zero for oh my
gosh
I'm not to show here the guards are like
which is smart oh yeah the crazier
they've had very hard you know very huh
you show up and you're like you pull out
the money and go would you and they go
yes and they're just going by the one
get me a bottle for this one actually
said no they literally say when do you
want us to come back oh my god sunrise
yeah
sunrise nice hey could you get a bottle
while you're at it for me and just bring
that back to you thank you but we don't
drink oh yeah
we'll be back at sunrise Thank You
Stella we do with the camels right now
what just happened we got that we don't
we got the toughs we don't ask that we
have the toughs we have the toughs to
help with that stuff okay so at the 3m
toughs so the guards were actually sort
of between the two Pyramus hmm so there
now there's nobody here okay Oh someone
does want to see the black fair oh
that's the one day I had to see him no
it's off me cuffs
we're not the black no no not you no
sorry I'm sorry he was but he was he was
speculating by just not me feel like I'm
not a part of this group that you have
not seen your everything really your
sanity benefits from getting enough I'm
taking that off I'll wait out here then
you don't want it oh no no we're not
going to see the dark fair oh no no I
thought you wanted to see the ritual oh
you're gonna do I thought it midnight
yes but in the pyramid oh okay so you go
around the red pyramid so you you sort
of Scout out the whole thing yeah there
are two entrances to the mint pyramid
there's one on the west and north face
they are not going in there on the red
pyramid what do you know the West to us
yeah west door is barricaded okay
they're alike no words
Nayla over it no no no and the the north
door was sort of facing where the
soldiers were and faces the red pyramid
there is a door in the red pyramid
facing that north door so there's a door
here we're gonna go mine of power and um
I'll make us some torches
speaking of craft torch making materials
with me Casta you are a wonder oh boy
I just grabbed Jonah I was like oh he's
I don't know I'm here
no I think they're talking about
he's not laughing at us what why am i a
sacrifice no no no see the third network
knows worse than the third one they were
talking they were it was a joke towards
me
oh yeah why would they sacrifice you
it's just it requires power it's a
long-standing joke with us okay and he
doesn't have any luck the first the I've
mentioned several times the the
sacrifice that you need to make and the
price that you have to pay for and
i'vei've I was unaware of it the first
time and and then you did it a second
and I did it another time and that's why
I stress don't just don't go making
these everybody make a spot hidden rule
oh boy oh it's a regular so you two are
both aware when he's talking about the
cost like dr. Kapoor looks at the
headband looks in the headdress yes oh
he looks like hmm yeah you're right it's
wrapped all right it was wrapped unless
at that moment the wind hits everybody
make a luck roll ah I'm gonna need at
least half of you to make this I hope oh
yeah if somebody gets a hard success let
me know that'll count in the box and so
what constitutes our humble ninety six
and up yeah there we go
he got up so two misses and a fumble all
right oh no the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you is not sure
we can't be ruled a fumble but go ahead
and sure no you go me fair I'll use the
barrack for the birds of paradise palm
bull far more well but it was not her
believe me but it wasn't aiming another
Amy so it comes off is what you're
saying
no it's an Amy and Emma yeah Wow I don't
know which ones worse I forgot no the
others worse so I made mine so it's
about that you did
- oh you're the only one that like
you've been here before you know stuff
so you have just done a circuit of the
bent pyramid and you actually are like
looking at that south door you say wow
that's a real line of power and you're
things are you know you as she says that
you sort of look out there and you see
the not the tell-tale sign of a sin you
know that sandstorms tend to be fairly
brief they blow everything you know
minutes but it's good to have a cover
yes
so we're getting in the right eye
pyramid pyramid if we can alright so
yeah camel they're gonna go in the red
pyramid no no no so you notice the
hunker down cover it's not yeah so the
the the the the two guides are like
hunkering down behind camels the camels
have just sat there the camels are just
sort of saying they're chewing like
nothing's you know
yeah camels are not bothered this is a
so yeah you hustle into the red pyramid
yes and through through the door there's
there's a string over the door that is
just like you know a really sad do not
enter a kind of thing yeah and you just
go under it and there is a small passage
that goes up it's about five feet it's
totally dark inside good thing you have
torches yeah I make the door amazing
yeah of course yeah they're they're fine
reasonable this will burn for a little
while torches torches on me long words
words no as well okay there's no this is
dark it's totally dark you know but if
we when we light it up no they're not if
years divining rods to find a you should
probably explain the situation to the
Jewish class they don't fess sir wishes
yeah
maybe but at some point you're going to
get something so this this is the only
hallway we've found in the Red Pyramid
and it leads to an antechamber about oh
about 20 feet up that way feels like
good spot sit down you might be able to
find something better or just something
else but you're gonna have to have that
talk sooner or later so we better do it
now later again I feel like I'm being
topped no you're about to sir included
welcome to the conversation yeah you're
not gonna like this I have in my
possession which we did not get yes
these these actually came from we have
officially brought them back from London
from London from yet we were they were
being held by evil evil people cultists
and I rescued them wanted to bring them
back yes well that is very you are very
generous but right now we need to use
them use them yes they're like a
divining rod where I can find the part
of highest power make a power roll also
those are gorgeous yeah those are so
those amazing props were made by these
husband slide Ito thank you so much for
yes that awesome making those awesome
staves those are incredible okay that's
a right nice now hmm well it's funny
it's fine
hey and this was again so Wow oh yeah I
even I actually got a good heart all
right so so you pull the rounder and you
like you like do the cross divining-rod
things and it's it's like a magnet they
just go oh bang back out the door
towards the bent pyramid
oh no wait why didn't everyone just say
oh no the highest did something bad
happen well
the highest power we found is in there
what sort of power because whose power
do you think it's just really exciting
it's probably the black Pharaohs power
and we don't want to hurt with that
that's less exciting like was it a lack
Pharaoh
what is here well the most amount of
power is coming from the pyramidal
mushiya's Houston so that's where you do
the ritual no no no only if we want to
kick-start at the end of the world early
wait what hmm we do not want to raise
him up correct yeah those things can
raise what he bore just kidding they
have power and they would get his
attention
so we're going to stay here mm-hmm let's
go to that antechamber yes sounds that's
good so yeah as you head up the wind is
starting to whips and around outside
some is being blown up but you know you
go up and up yeah enough of an incline
that it's fine the antechamber is very
small it is you know like with the five
like four duffel bags over his shoulders
going like oh boy this is really her
does anybody have anything to eat
quiet you I feel like nobody's talking
tell you like I'm here so you know the
six of you and your baggage are pretty
cramped into this antechamber the young
toughs are downstairs still oh wait yeah
you're three guys are like there they're
the same as the guides they've just like
ducked into the camels and they're like
this is a coin purse Oh is there
anything on the walls Joan that you're
reading around here hieroglyphics
sure you can yeah you start to go around
my god I got an eight yes so it's for a
real book Joan not a book for crazy
people you find a number of references
to an eye of light and darkness
boy that's almond up the reference is to
separate and I of light I have darkness
or an eye of light and darkness the eye
of light and darkness what do you think
and it seems like it was somehow
connected to whatever the protective
stuff of this pyramid a Song of Ice and
Fire
[Laughter]
so we do have the professor with us as
well still yes I'm going to talk to him
about that oh you know showing you know
on the go on the walls and the
hieroglyphics that I'm seeing and and
and see if he has any other insight into
that even though he's gonna talk to you
about that it was not really okay you
got the eye of light and darkness
yes do you have any other references to
these gonna make a role mmm cool man um
you you you mention those to him in his
eyes kind of start to get wide and he's
like oh yes the Hallows Eve spoke
extensively of the eye of light and
darkness in sorry sorry sorry that is
not the eye of light in darkness my
[Laughter]
there are there are horrible forces in
this world the outer God's I know a
little bit about those go on you wait
you do why would you say those two
things in sequence which two things yeah
I'm gonna set up my well the black arrow
was is one of those Elder Gods isn't he
a messenger of them and Cthulhu yes oh
and Cthulhu is another of these Elder
Gods as is the the leader of their
pantheon the the demon Sultan as a
thought as a wish okay by the way every
time the name Cthulhu and the name added
as a thought is sound there's like a you
know that feeling you get in your
stomach when someone talks about getting
well it is a weird gut feeling that you
have yes just and that you have that
every time the names Cthulhu and as a
thathe said can I hug these to myself
for comfort that's not how so they're
still like pulling you towards the bed
pyramid what does this have to do with
darkness though what is what is that
well I was mistaken so there's actually
another part of Alice Eve talks about
the eye of the eye of agat that is part
of the seal that keeps dread Cthulhu in
relent and what does that look like that
thing it's like an eye what I get it no
I don't mean I didn't see that and then
hieroglyphics when I no no there was no
agate mentioned it was no it was clearly
light and airy and all the
representations you saw actually here I
will give you you see a lot of stuff
that looks like that
gotcha and what is that look at mask
what is that nose that one so that is an
upside-down UNK
and then the eye the fur on acai okay
that seems to be that seems to be the
the symbol for the eye of light and
darkness
okay but is that like a seal is that
what is it it's protective okay so so
the ankh is a symbol of life right yes
what is an upside-down aaaghh that was
the turn your life it's a symbol of the
dark Pharaoh is well no that's this the
upside down oh yes the upside down Uncas
this is one of the Centers of the black
Pharaoh yeah the black bear that's why
these things work so well I'm having
terrible ideas excellent let's hear them
I've missed these the oh god what is it
the symbol here on the blade no there's
a sign it's a protection from
otherworldly things yes
what happens if we do go in the other
pyramid and imbue it with the power
because it is a protection against
otherworldly things so it's not like
we're making bad things happen we're
making good things happen I mean
according to dr. cost his theory it
would be it would be even more power yes
but we don't want to disturb that we
might knock on the door things we're
here right now Yusef is like there's
dinner haha there is a lot of yeah yeah
in the side pocket right here right here
this is your place
this is a this is a good on the other
side this is the nuts even though it's
our dinner oh here they are
oh look it will get second dinner later
hop it no he is second I'm just throwing
it out there what we're trying to do is
not bad what we're trying to do is good
right so that's why we should do it here
and not over there I don't
over there because a little birdie told
me we might run into a black Pharaoh
fleet oh I thought I thought it was just
where because no man we know that these
are very pulling over there I think we
should stay here okay
I mean whatever he just shows up when he
shows up and he talks to whoever he
wants to talk to because he's all a jerk
warhead
what what what what hey are you okay
okay hmm have you met the black Pharaoh
you've met the black Pharaoh in a dream
a jerk he's kind of kind of dick like I
have I mean I feel like you're
anthropomorphizing things we can't
understand yes that is the only way that
our tiny little human brains can
possibly understand everything that's
going on and I will tell you that I've
anthem apprised him as a jerk because
it's the only way can hand okay I mean
it is actually a proper description of
him I don't think it's you know he's a
bad influence on you looks like does he
block like a dog yes no he lounges and
says all sorts of horrible things at us
yeah like he knows everything he's gonna
do everything that is hard to do yeah
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] addicts not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with I don't
know I didn't Tracy
sometimes he takes over people who talk
too much two summers hottest you do the
breeze it's not many so let's get ready
for the ritual let's get ready for the
rich okay I'd say that I'm sure we've
broken after four or five I'll punch him
in the face I remember the ritual it's
all you pace yourself and have some
death drinking that's why I'm so good at
ritual
[Laughter]
anything more forget it the the seeking
atonement one is hard that's then you
take a nap before for all those you can
serving energy there you so are you guys
just gonna sit in this little room until
midnight there's a sandstorm outside I'm
not sure it's gone in a half an hour
yeah it's I mean we took more hours I
mean or it can be midnight if
hieroglyphs I mean if there's more stuff
to look at Oh Jones spent quite a lot of
yelling going through these yes there's
always the other peer nope so when it's
um when the sand storms over and like
we're waiting for midnight I'm gonna go
out god I'm just like look at the vast
expanse of stars it's amazing I know
it's just like the I guess the sky for
you girl yes
astounding there are no lights other
than torches anywhere around and so high
this is one of my favorite places
this is where Pluto huh it's funny you
say that
and he points straight up over the
pyramid serious no Ludo not serious I
got that that was good
Joan darling bite my ass we you know
astrology humor is one of the most
advanced forms of humor Fred Jones
you're amazing thank you so II okay so
if something happened we had to walk
back what star would we follow her back
tada sure oh we're in - or no you're not
you're like five miles outside five
miles of sand dunes well um
you'd use and he'll point you he'll
point you a star of it okay you
basically follow that star okay and that
will lead you to your second star on the
right straight on till morning so
seriously kudos right above us yes mmm
I hate this yeah but I mean it needs to
be done I'm just this is very exciting
is your area I said I've never seen a
ritual like this done by someone else
the use of blood whenever possible we I
do not believe we have done any rituals
that require blood so no like he pulls
up his shirt and they're like scars all
on his arm
my according to all is 'if you have to
use blood no no no so what sort of
rituals have you done
well the elder sign ritual that he is
talking about you're done this one yeah
y-yeah yeah where's yours yes he'll pull
out a little necklace Oh elder sign on
it does it glow or what oh yeah it glue
okay cool that was because he put blood
you know what doesn't need to the stuff
that I read I mean admittedly it is
still before breakfast yeah but we had
one we did that was the Stonehenge was
the Stonehenge one that both of you put
mm-hmm yes that the one person or the
Stonehenge thing yep do you want me to
join the ritual I mean I wouldn't want
to I would feel awful for what it does
to you mm-hmm
I've I I know the price yes no that was
so so watching being with us that will
be a help all right
not using blood don't have to do that
for this one apparently that was
completely unnecessary
oof well now I kind of feel dumb well I
mean maybe it was a slightly different
ritual yes butBut live and learn yeah I
I'm very excited to see no chance to
keep blood in your body
I say no that's two good ones I'm
[Laughter]
talking yeah it was the ritual gonna
work if you're this hammered
I do rituals better
it's true that's my spirit as the
spirits the spirit sir or with him
Yussef put some coffee on yes there's
dinner yes coz all I've had is nuts and
dinner
there's just nuts and heart attack we
have enough food you don't have hard
tactics we have our tag of hearts back
don't we brought we have some dates and
cheese Joe all right now is free when
you're on the ship
yeah we're not on a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you guys did
not bring a lot for you home you have
some like date dates and cheese and
that's what I think Yousef is eaten most
of it yeah get some before yeah or he
eats everything
yes I will tell him there's to the
food all right so it is midnight okay
and so as you remember from
Stonehenge it it's it's a long slog yes
so at midnight are you guys going to be
are you doing you're in the red pyramid
it is incredibly boring I'll just let
you go I don't watch but I'm not
participating yeah I are going to well
you'll watch for a while and then you'll
get very good with those wipe your brow
or whatever you have no idea my capacity
for boredom yep she watches opera to say
don't have to we're going to be saying
no that's lame is so you you both start
chanting and there's like the whole time
dr. Kapoor is like doing like a like a a
play-by-play voiceover my god oh look
now he started he's changed to the third
stanza say that while this is happening
I'm keeping an eye out to make sure that
nothing is sneak I have to try and work
our buddies or as a head doctor for is
it weird yeah
and here no he's just like super excited
somebody else's wrist he's weirder than
these two are making it alright so if
you two are gonna be there you're both
gonna need to make sanity rolls this is
the same ritual all right you're
surprisingly fine with this you lose one
sanity also I hit a 96 this is
Satan's work work so you're gonna lose
once and one sanity and yeah this you're
not you're not like you know you're not
in a fugue state you're not insane or
anything like that but you do not want
to be here this is this is you know this
is not godly work that is happening
outside all right Emma we really should
stay close to each other just in case do
you want there's a date left that was
the last date it's all Oh it's covering
I believe I like no words I just I'm
gone man but I'll still eat it
mmm I know you will it's kind of
concerned about Emma but keeping an eye
on these two
alright yeah so you're gonna go hang out
with the yeah you go and yeah you you're
like with three guys with guns are you
feel better now yes actually that room
is like uncomfortably smelly and stinky
and like there's been we've really
greasy torches burning in there and it's
not that big and very poorly ventilated
but you keep chanting you know and so
it's one now and you've been chanting if
you're gonna stay in there make me a con
because Nick did not undersell it this
is super boring yeah literally hours
anymore 35 not great you know it wasn't
no I didn't make it
um you you you're not you're you're
definitely like feeling sleepy
you're not like you know you're not
nodding off or anything like that but
you feel your your eyes getting heavy
I'm gonna get up and like pace up and
down the hall there's something about
the droning aspect of this chant that is
just like constant and dr. Kapoor is
still just like oh that's how you
pronounce that he's like taking notes
like fanatically is being you you
neither of you are cognizant of any of
this you're just totally focused on
what's going on so and and on the you
know before you is the sim thar that you
are that you are putting this into and
and you are you are chanting at it
you're Changa you chant for another hour
in the second hour you make me another
calm roll yeah I'm a pacing skill check
in a stat you are down at the base
coming back up and you hear you hear
could forego astounding and a run back
up the sim tar is floating in the air
and there is a beam of some sort of
greenish goldish light that is going
from each of them and the greenish gold
is light has burnt the covering off of
the headdress and the headdress is
glowing that same greenish gold and
those staves are growing that st.
glowing the same greenish gold okay and
they are still chanting and Cavour is
just like no I'm like mesmerized at this
point yeah you you this wakes you
completely up and anchor for is just
astounded he's just watching everything
that happens and he still like has the
narration going on in his thing our
three are you that's I'm doing a thing
okay I'm going to
either get a torch or my matches or
whatever I have you know you still have
a you still have a inspiration to kill
somebody
yeah that's mine I'm gonna do a little
research and go into the other alright
little notebook let me in case you were
wondering that's how she's going to kill
us any rule I'm not killing I've got my
know you can use that inspiration on
this I'm pretty sure one of the gunmen
says something to you in Arabic that you
don't understand he's sure and you know
then he just assumes you're going to the
bathroom or something okay well he
doesn't see where you go yeah you very
quickly disappear into the night yeah
so there are again two entrances one
that is barricaded and one that is not
the easy one all right and no no like
what's on the wall alright so you you
will go into the bent pyramid who I'm
gonna kill with that knife if he's
supposedly here wait until you have the
scimitar with the elders on it yeah
that's the whole point of us giving you
a scimitar with the elder sign
somebody's got a plan plan so you you
enter and there is a a quick ascent yeah
just a flat stone all with no it's bare
there are no thing there and you enter
into a a bare like it's it's completely
empty and it is poorly painted chamber
okay so how like how many steps if I had
to describe it to somebody when I came
back so you the ascent was about just
about 50 steps and then the room is
about 20 foot square okay and what's
painted on it or
does it seem like to me if I had to
describe it to something right make me a
spot hidden role 11 an extreme success
alright so you go up to the wall to see
what's painted there now you touch it
you do not touch the wall we learn from
Peru half way you see that seam I of
light and darkness symbol and then next
to it if you were a higher hieroglyphic
okay that would be on the wall yeah I
see a female figure
uh-huh that is wearing a white Princess
and then stabbing the Pharaoh solely in
a heroic move like this no no no there's
no sign of the Pharaoh okay and
behind her mm-hmm
are three three three men okay
so I turn around is anybody actually
behind me one of the gunmen has a gun on
you okay and that's gonna do it for this
week
oh I sing Cthulhu damn it oh he's Oh his
eyes are black of course they are thank
you so much for your likes your
subscribe thank you for coming along
with us on this joy voyage always fun
YouTube we love you thank you so much
for all your comments the chat which had
Thomas laughing audibly several times I
keep forgetting to do this but our
quotes from this time nothing's really
changed we're in Cairo I think the
winner Egyptian Princess Leia feel I
don't know maybe we get maybe we get
some copyright trouble a downer I
feel like we're talking past each other
are you expecting trouble I'm here
welcome to the conversation you're not
gonna like it
any chance to keep blood in your body I
say take it
and I'ma say just what I am I don't know
I think I think any chance to keep blood
in your bodies pretty good yeah
Princess Leia feel I like yeah what do
you guys think what's the what's the
episode title academic your way out of
this now we can bring that back from
last time because we didn't use it that
is another good one so we hope we see
some of you next week again there will
not be a Cthulhu episode because we will
be being nerds a Tundra con some of us
many of us will be show up here as
witches yeah I would not I mean you can
but no one else standing outside you
have to inspiration left okay yep so
one of those you're supposed to use to
kill us and you have to to kill us yeah
Jake Matthews let somebody design that's
all we know he wants somebody so yeah we
will be back in two weeks with the
pulse-pounding accounting checks that
only Cthulhu can bring and dinner
discussions that only absolutely bring
us oh I hope we have another like cigar
cigars
this was a good way this was a good
night thanks everybody we will see you
you
