last episode the players traveled to the bent pyramid
to perform a ritual to create an elder
sign and Silvano and the doctor are
using the headdress and the and the two
scepters as essentially power batteries
to not have to use any sacrifice of
their own magic or their own soul okay
they sell blood oh yeah
well that also I have known that was a
supplement I might have used that
hitpoints I can always make you see our
first date rolls
I can't get close wait I'm looking up
haemophilia hold on and so that that
that ritual is ongoing it's currently
it's about 3:00 in the morning and in
the room in the chamber in this pyramid
that you found Alexandra is trying to
stay awake bored silly by light show is
only now there's a like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happening
I'm starting to wake her up but Yusef
was starting to get bored and then the
light show started and now things are
exciting and then and then and then the
only person who actually got bored and
actually Emma was put off by the the
vile display of heathenism that was
going on in here and sleeping and eating
yeah
why don't you sleep eat and eat another
Church Mitchell is fine yeah that's
right yeah how did you go find some big
addict that's right now as you grow up
in the Bible it gets harder and harder
because you're getting bigger you break
out of it eventually yeah mm-hmm so you
left and then made a fine fine decision
to now are wandering to the other
pyramid the red pyramid on your own and
just see hey what's going on yeah just
hands
you found an empty boring chamber until
you looked closer and saw hieroglyphics
and the hieroglyphics were something of
a choose-your-own-adventure of the last
portion of your life and the last thing
you saw in there were you depicted in
hieroglyphics with three gentlemen
behind you with guns and then he's won a
one guy with a gun but the other two
it's the three toughs that you hired
have been and you turned around and
there were those three toughs
and they all their eyes were
and one of them's pointing gun at you so
that's where we're gonna pick it up
first of all over here I want everybody
to make a listen roll you two need an
extreme success for a gun gunshot not
extreme sorry I didn't make it oh oh but
I would have there is the small matter
since you might want to use this I have
two inspirations as always thanks des
matheus from my buddy Dave Matthews Band
87 old people shouldn't do that you I
believe have three left's em I have one
of those hmm yes what is actually
specifically image yes I didn't get to
that almost with it then we have the
other two I move the Cthulhu our buddy
chef has 500 bits for me bunny
only if something happens I don't get to
use this until something happens that
you won't know about oh crap I don't
have secret discussions discussion I
talk too loud to have secrets and
tamago Torah who got us into this mess
in the first place yeah I know make up
for it okay bye here's 600 bits for good
things to happen
oh sure reroll because I missed a listen
and I've got a 62 f7 you dance
yeah yeah have a reasonable chance
you're gonna need a good sit so they
need an extreme success
we're not you're gonna need a hard
surface yes I'm gonna need at least 30
use all the inspirations use it all no
knowing that my chances are a lot lower
you're the better chance that and in yes
gods that's not a puncher's chance do it
that's fair
do it second is remorse jackets
whereas the other parent so it's a weird
boxing phrase nope that says I mean I
got a success but was not a fancy idea
that anybody can knock anybody out no so
like if you're like a you know you're
fighting Mike Tyson
maybe you knock him out probably not but
you got a puncher's chance Fresh Prince
reference first Prince had a song back
when The Fresh Prince was The Fresh
Prince he had a song I think I'm gonna
fight Mike Tyson that's a bad idea
we ever said we would similar concept in
the SCL but it's a longer phrase any
fighter any day there you go yeah so
hunters so nobody made the listen role
not that I got a success but it was not
a hard so everything's fine yeah yeah so
we cut to you the three guys who you so
recently hired huh one of them is
holding a gun on you and the other two
are just sort of shambling menacingly
their eyes are totally black okay they
seem proven they seem otherwise normal
they're not like zombies or anything
like that and the one with the gun just
motions you to like walk out of the
pyramid okay that's fine all right yep
so one of them is in front of you huh
the one with the gun is right behind you
and the other one is behind him okay
they will lead you to that other River
there are two entrances to this pyramid
yes they lead you to the one that is
blocked off oh boy and they take those
planks off and they lead you into that
part of the pyramid where there are tore
cheese on the wall after you so you
begin rising up into the pyramid and you
you come into a chamber and there are
torches on the wall they pull one of the
torches and the proverbial secret door
opens and you walk in and you start to
descend and you descend for a good
several minutes and you come out in a
very familiar throne room
- it's empty right now so there are
columns there are columns they seem like
they're alabaster and the top of them
are some sort of gemstone that you can't
tell they they sort of sprinkle they
sparkle in the light all the way down
the hall of these six columns is a giant
throne which is empty and the guy with
the gun just like motions you into the
chamber okay all right so I go all right
as soon as you enter the chamber the
wall just cycles closed and you are in
you are sealed in this chamber okay
and we'll come back to you boy did the
professor with us make a listen back oh
that's right professor cook furious with
you I'll make sure all searched
everywhere who knows everything
Susanna Diaz tenuous at best just did he
get like a one rolled in a pot nine Wow
all right so he's like I think I hear
the breaking of Borg so which one of
you two does he trust more you're an
academic you're actually competent you
might trust doctor yeah you know he's
like well he's entranced by that he's
like fascinated by them and he doesn't
want any any math because they're doing
something cool I think I would probably
hang out with him because I'm also a
trying with pros so yeah you're like
sitting next to him you're you're kind
of there but you're just boom like at
this point you were like using a knife
to like get stuff out of your nails you
were just like what they've done
chanting don't only for hours oh good
something's floating you know and all of
where's the woman who was with you know
the priestess I should probably just in
the hallway okay maybe she was hungry
I'm still hungry
all right yeah he'll you you have
placated him so do I catch that
nope nope you are you are lazy wishing
you were elsewhere sure yeah you you
I am you have set his mind it is in the
middle of this you are you are you are
chanting and you won your entire being
is focused on this chanting you can hear
him he can hear you that's all that
exists in this world both of you hear a
voice that only you have heard before
look I know it's none of my business but
she's she's probably gonna die who me
oh no that's not the one I was wearing
the other the one that was wearing me
first and how when she just she just
went in the red pyramid she's she's in
night without taps throne room right now
oh damn it
I'm gonna make you an offer
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you can react to that end the
ritual possibly it's successful possibly
it isn't and go help Emma or you can
complete the ritual and you both happen
to discuss right yeah good look I think
we have to stop the ritual it will help
because we have the sword with them well
we're making this Brenda she's dead
there's really a lot of people can use a
sword what we could help her
I feel pretty pretty shitty if I made
this for her and let her die like that's
kind of so I stopped chanting all
right it's like all melted in war yeah
yeah so good she'll like it
okay did we get anything did we get
anything I don't know I'm gonna grab
focus a frickin sword so um
both of you make me a luck roll if you
both make this roll snow comes the
inspiration oh my god would you roll
which role I I roll the 1302 your
bunkmates all right so no one shot than
we are so here's what happens um
you the headdress says look I'm gonna
show you both how to use all the power
in those sectors you can recharge them
again but I'm just we're gonna let it go
in a in one blast hopefully this fixes
this and it ends the ritual now do you
want this knowledge yes yes no but yes
yeah you know you two in this room
suddenly the chanting stops and you see
those two but like that's Professor
reactor that oh hey good call he's not
used to that happening in the ring oh my
all right yeah he's like all should he
use blood that doesn't look good at all
all right he's gonna lose oh yes he just
not careful like there is it he is like
backing up against the wall this is bad
oh so that's actually how you notice
you've been taking notes
seriously all of a sudden the doctors
like oh my and he like backing up is
this not good it's not supposed to do
that I'm gonna stand up and be like what
I mean this is how to use the scepter is
that just you just do
[Laughter]
I'm gonna make you an offer you can take
that attitude and and be like it's only
the scepters and give the full joked you
keep making me choose whether or not to
you whatever you in I'm here we are we
able to communicate any of this
sure well are you seeing serious you
want you want the full force of this no
but you gonna do yourself anyway no no
no
find the offer No all right so all right
I thought you were crazy enough to be
like I can do it I can take it I want it
all all right each take three points of
damage okay boom as the ceremony ends
and you are both flung against separate
walls of this room and like do the bug
sliding down the windshield sort of
thing you also both need to make sanity
rolls yeah this is all completely normal
you should make yes roll yes all right
if you make the roll you lose three
sanity whoa you I'm gonna be down to
starting sanity we need to take a break
yes somewhat like a train ride Express
is great for your sanity close up Thomas
to Ron's you're just so loaded with
explosives you both like have imprinted
on your brain don't essentially the the
the way to hardwire and like use those
to their full force but it's gonna hurt
every time you do it yeah
not my concern we do it when it's needed
sure sure mm-hmm like the atom bomb I'm
sure one will give them the message but
two will really hammer it home so yeah
you you both like pick yourself up
get the guns
um who's gonna die watch ya know she uh
she gave her towards the ceiling to
another pyramid you yeah you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
Dimitar is glowing with a soft blue
light with this symbol soft blue elder
sided got it okay and it does not stop
glowing mmm this is quite a conversation
piece I'm sure ya know as soon as they
say Emma's in the other pyramid I'm
gonna turn and run okay yeah yeah we're
goin all right so you you're in this
room
empty on the wall there are a bunch of
freezes I grabbed paintings essentially
that have different information on them
and what can I like walk around with and
he'll let me walk around right here okay



on the wall there is a
stylized but very clear map of the
eastern hemisphere okay of the the
planet there is and is it from my
knowledge accurate to current day or
like it does yeah it does look accurate
like it does it say like Istanbul
doesn't say Constantinople there is no
key unfortunately he's temple no no
Pratt's okay so it is it is a a stylized
map there are three there are three red
gems on it and if I were really a mean
person I'd make you make a geography
role but you are at world traveler so
those three are Kenya, the ocean near Japan, Australia and they
make a pyramid

and then there is
this art
mm-hmm this arc that is inlaid in there
okay
and let's see make aide make an
intelligence roll yeah okay that's how I
got into here no it's my intelligence 20
it's not really gonna matter so the
three points like there's you don't know
the arc is you know why is it different
than the three points there's something
weird about the arc okay that you don't
really Drock but it is clearly a
different representation than the other
three and the other thing that I'll give
you is that everything in this room
seems ancient okay this seems relatively
new okay so can I ask the so which one
seems more the one that to me is the one
I want to engage with oh no they're
going oh they said they didn't come in
the room you are totally alone okay so
so stuff you know sit on the throne all
right a fire throne but I should
actually is there anything that would
look like a lever like I want to touch
the gems on the columns no although the
three automatic oh but ever I can touch
because something has got to be a lever
to get me back out of here so whatever
so the gems there are three little
rubies in there which word you a
different sort of person you could
probably pry out take a question is do I
access if it's me and do I accidentally
not going out you know they are very
well stuck in out they are blood red and
they'd there's no no hinges there
anything like that okay you come to
another another wall that you're
searching and this one is another like
you get some sort of map that you just
can't figure out because there's there's
no frame of reference you can make if
you have it an astronomy roll no all
right
no you have at least one right no but
does it look like stars to really kind
of guess because it's the know what I'll
give you I'll give you an intelligent
job pointless like the dark Pharaohs
that's true yeah we need an intelligent
role Wow you recognize a couple of
stars yeah but then others that you
don't recognize okay so you know you're
like oh that's you see a constellation
that's so we'll put it in a way Emma
could understand that's like equation
you see oh gosh I don't know what
constellations show up in Africa on this
period and for the sake of whatever you
see a constellation that you would
recognize that is appropriate or this
nicer side okay Iran yeah the driver
right there's a range oh I do this okay
sure okay Ryan that's a clue don't add
up income yeah yeah I mean I see why at
every the rhymes over small the
Northern Hemisphere
yeah Egypt's Northern Hemisphere no no
we're talking to Africa very enclosed
car oh yeah okay so it's some
constellation and recognize and you're
like oh I know what that is yeah what is
the other things here there are other
points there you don't know what are and
then no no lever their and then the
other two walls just have ba reliefs on
them all these art pieces that seem to
have a lot of hieroglyphics but you
don't really understand them because
hieroglyphics like luckily none of them
show you with guns pointed at you that's
oh that's a welcome change is there
anything yeah hieroglyphics are tough
I'm not there is there anything that I
would find to be repetitive like so
interesting like like like I would
assume it would be a name or something
that I could remember and just be like I
sure one thing I lost and J you should
know about yes you do see repeatedly a
icon icon of some sort of a dark black
like basalt again baby there is a child
that is completely dark black okay and
maybe you made a good role in the
intelligence role maybe there's a
mountain involved okay or a pyramid
there's a triangle involved somehow
with this bullet with the the dark baby
okay hmm
alright so I start screaming get me out
of here how can anybody hear me help
anyone okay are you talking to me like
it's okay hey Mike what do people talk
to me I'm kind of popular like that
who else is talking to you well the
headdress is talking to me you put wait
wait you're not wearing the headdress
no no happens anymore did that how did
the headdress get off of you I can't
remember I was unconscious is the
headdress it's somewhere obviously I
mean should I just drive it and should
do I need to go into the laws of physics
what - you created nor destroyed the
headdress is here is it have you brought
me the headdress of eyes oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I
didn't bring it I understand well huh
take me tell you what what so where's
you don't want before we get into I'll
tell you what what is this place this is
my throne room I thought you had throne
rooms like in the universe
do you have one this is the only one in
on the earth would you like me to give
you a physics lesson yes I have a ten
intelligence
this throne room exists across time and
space okay kind of yours why that
matters to you okay remember the first
time you were here and I talked about
how there were rules to the game yeah
those rules don't matter here so Emma
struggling to be like so is this one
place in all places or is this a place
that connects to other places yes
don't do what brain is gonna blow up let
me simplify this for you thank you I'm
gonna give you the opportunity mm-hmm to
save your friends okay and he like he
gestures and one of the walls like
dissolves and when it dissolves you see
these four like at the at the doorway
where the boards have been pulled off
and up the passageway you see two kind
of Anubis headed horrors like going into
the wall and joining the hieroglyphics
like waiting for them in ambush okay I'm
gonna give you the opportunity to save
your friends but I'm also going to give
you the opportunity to save so many more
people and he gestures again and
someplace that you don't recognize is it
a mosque
maybe mm-hmm is being destroyed by a
giant flying terror okay and everyone in
this place and there seem to be hundreds
of like many people in space is just
being torn apart by this thing these are
visions that I'm going to help you avoid
all you have to do is one little thing
for me mm-hmm and that is
all you have to do to avoid all of this
bloodshed which let's face it would be
on your hands is to go to the mosque of
IBN tulun in cairo you're a hero
tell them that you want to help that you
wish to take the item that they protect
that you will bear its burden take this
item and leave it in the nile that's all
you have to do and then you won't have
to watch as your friends get torn to
shreds and you won't have to watch as
all of these innocent people get
I was thinking about it and it's Anubis
type things
yes can I go to the GM you know I roll I
don't know maybe like offer me a roll
they're all terrible rolls what could go
wrong always take a Colt Nick where's my
office they're almost the same number
[Laughter]
that means you have justification and
not use Cthulhu me you you tell the dark
Pharaoh you are on vacation I'm sorry
could you come back in two weeks in the
Bahamas so Emma's having this idea and
chastised I like it already
yeah that's the next episode and was
having this I had you lie she knows a
spell on how to get rid of things yes
although it's somewhat specific but yeah
that's why I was like it's pretty
specific you can maybe try it and see
what happens okay all right I mean be
distantly most be a subtle maneuver no
it's not especially since I suspect it
would take some blood and whatever to
make it happen
blood makes everything more powerful
that does hmm so dark Pharaoh what um
what's this item
first off am I gonna have to wear like
some dumb cape around town now like what
is no exactly under no circumstances
should you wear this item oh okay that's
good to know because I would probably
put it on they don't not go well for you
if you did what is it that's not
important
well it kind of is important too because
if you tell me not to put it on that
means I'm pretty tempted to put it on in
fact there's probably a 75% chance I'll
put it on when you go to this moss haha
the guardians of this Moss are guarding
one thing okay you said that is the
thing it will be self-evident bigger
play where words know it's it's smaller
than a breadbox
yes okay and it's something that I
shouldn't although it really depends on
what loaf of bread you have sourdough
possibly okay and it's something you
wear it smells pretty
hmm yeah I mean maybe I'm not the right
person for this cuz again I mean you I
put the headdress on what's gonna stop
me are the anoobas things tearing us
apart only a constant can truly hold
this item there is a reason why these
people guard this item but do not wield
it tell me please tell me please do
please please do tell me it is the
girdle of night Icarus that sounds
uncomfortable are you gonna wear it
what color is it yes got it it's all
it's like Aleister Crowley colors I
don't like that man yeah not many people
do he's a he's a tough one to smell
around I don't know let me think
about you don't know what it's fine
let's watch this oh here we go
you four are at the door got the slot
dr. Kapoor is like you must not go in
there
well why not those those boards were
there for a reason for what that may be
a little unsafe will have to be for the
headrests is saying right that dress is
telling me to go as well the headdress
is saying - yeah let's go
you're being talked to by a headdress
that's it's an ancient headdress it's
very very wise I'm the least weird
things around here look if Emma's down
there and I'm Stephanie we're going to
have to goes up then we go up is better
man he hasn't eaten for a while you
gotta forgive him
I've read the Necronomicon and that made
less sense than the Necronomicon well
typically the Braille chambers would be
the lower section but we can argue about
this all day
Emma's in Daejeon yes it was in danger
we go would someone like to try a
persuade or something to get preferred
to go along or do you want to let him
not die Oh die if he's not comfortable
maybe seth away his enough to come with
us
he wasn't even like he can stand outside
here and make sure other people I mean
we know that we're going into a very
dangerous situation so like we were we
heard those three men that you brought
did press you could go far those fellows
throughout the story find somewhere safe
am i alone out here apparently hopefully
perhaps did you want to stand guard for
us out here no okay then come on let's
go come on the Sun we're going I'm gonna
get anywhere
and you can come or not as you see fit
all right do what you think is best
we're ready to roll roll it there is
likely in a while since I've been able
to say that the Heffner yes if he gives
those to you and I flip this table I
no he's giving the players 1500 what
else happy wonderful bastard how old is
her Terra really lost your touch I
started off so strong yeah moving that
moving the beer to block it really threw
me off
thank you thank you Hefner is all thank
you so the Hefner
wait let me remember I got to remember
my own bits the Hefner is the evil
moderator and the Baroness is the good
moderate yes right yes yeah so the way
around that I can't I won't live in a
world where the Baroness is evil I just
won't
bash bullshitting give us bits that's
right the Baroness is the Baroness is
all that is right with the world
I won't have a word set against her oh
it's good spicy in here hmm I like her
better not like my wife it's to marriage
spirals out of control
yeah so you guys head in there all
excited to go yes and you reach a
landing a small room and lying in the
room are the bodies of the three guys
with their necks broken
like their heads are looking at you
you're down to like check for a pulse
and be like what am i doing you get an
advantage is it because I check on there
is a pulse yeah I made my sanity that is
good that is excellent all right who
made the roll
all right you lose one sanity okay if
you failed the roll and didn't fumble
the human is three yes you reach down
and it's not that there's a there's a
pulse but you reach down and you can
etch down and psych her a little more
and the guy's eyes open and they are
black oh he's right next to you good
right and Cavour starts chanting in a
language you've never heard before this
combination of oh sure you can try okay
so you can you know if you fumble 86 on
my cold room oh that's bad all right so
you are trying to understand things that
are so far beyond your Ken and then all
of the sudden it starts to make sense
and that both thrills you and terrifies
you so you are going to lose yes you're
gonna lose five sanity Oh we'll get to
that in a second oh no that's teen and
then in one sitting that's oh yeah
but you are gonna gain five Cthulhu
Mythos 5% club Wow now I have a choice
fight flight or freeze freeze all right
so he's like before starts changing and
actually you are not you're not frozen
in fear I'm you're frozen in like yes
yes concentration you are just like
trying to memorize every syllable he
says and they just slip away constantly
and it's it's maddening almost literally
yes so you yeah the guy opens his eyes
doesn't move it all just open his eyes
okay okay I don't behead him well that's
entirely appropriate my second-favorite
twitch user my beloved wife squirrel on
the run is giving the players 500 bits
to spite me we adore you right now half
that is mine right so do it didn't do it
do I see the eyes fly open but I
definitely see the neck but you make the
Sandro I made the 7 you didn't see NFL
but you see me bring all that ok and
then he pause and then he's like ok yeah
I might have died using my hand looking
around to see what in the hell but I
broke these guys is next all right I'm
gonna put a hand on the professor's
shoulder he is chanting you know so just
just and now he's like drawing a symbol
in the air and everywhere he draws
there's like a little acid after him wow
that's cool is he doing I feel like we
shouldn't let him finish
he and there's a door and he just he's
like no and he like opens the door and
he is through the door and he's starting
to close the door in hindsight I wish
had Palin much
door teach me that he's leaving he's
leaving he's smart that's fine yeah let
me go we are slams yeah door is gone we
gotta do I say that teach me he
literally just noped out of here yeah
that took a temporary insanity or
something at this point nope you're
truly wise you're just you're focused on
that and you are you know you let's say
you like you want to know yes what he
did and how he did it and you're like
slightly obsessed with that and the fact
that he's gone you know is he around
here maybe he's outside I don't know I
do a wide step around the body all right
and you gonna you're gonna keep going
yes yeah yeah yeah I am yeah I'm walking
as well but I'm like looking everywhere
to see if I can spot what in the hell
these things these guys know min left
behind you can end behind it could be
invisible nobody left behind you can end
this right now but okay so what does the
girdle do shouldn't eat I can't believe
we're talking about a girdle are you
presumptuous enough to consider that I
might negotiate I have offered you the
terms I just like you can make a sound
I'll accept in a minute but I have
accepted them did not quite yet I just
said in a minute so I have 60 seconds of
questions oh boy he's downstairs and
there's a sand tiger what does the girl
do unimportant no it's important to me I
want to know what the girdle does also
what happens when you put it on when I
put it on do you should not do that well
you keep telling me you will become the
ancient evil queen Knight Icarus oh that
sucks
you will reincarnate you know upon your
death as the Queen night Icarus so are
you gonna become the ancient Queen 90
cruise
that's pretty sassy he goes like this
what an interesting question I told you
I had questions that's why I said I'll
accept in a minute because I've got
questions
I will not you will not in fact I have
to change my answer because sometimes I
forget that you're a constant if you put
that on that will be far more
interesting than what happened with that
crate in London oh boy if one of your
friends and he gestures back to they
have just stepped up to a landing and
behind them out of the wall
scum these two silent jackal-headed okay
living hieroglyphics your friends if
they put it on what if and one of them
dies they will become Knight Icarus I
think he forgets it I'm a constant - so
how do we get out of here accept my
offer
pushing can I poke through the the image
of where the wall was
yeah there's no the others Mac I accept
my offer and all of this goes away and
not that you care and he gestures to the
hundreds of people can we make that
millions of people I'm just I was only
going to kill hundreds if you'd like me
to kill millions just certainly you can
save millions of people and he goes like
this and the image on the wall becomes
Cairo with 40 of those horrible flying
things just tearing the city apart okay
so if does that make you feel better
no if nobody dies nobody I mean old age
yeah I mean natural causes and whatnot
but I'm just saying that like you can't
for ten days ten days that's ridiculous
I thought I had until next year no no
you've seen the map yeah but I don't
understand the map I mean why why ten
days what's in ten days well morning of
the 16th or the sixth mm-hmm yeah yeah
that's not yeah
the Ides of March is what you're telling
me I was trying to think of a number
that you would accept a year impossible
what do you mean if there are rules to
this game well I've discussed this I've
already given you one don't you make up
the rules no oh no I follow the rules oh
so you really don't have the power to
negotiate is what you're telling me I
have all the power and he gestures to
Cairo being destroyed
you have the power right now but I'm
talking you don't have the power to push
ten days one year in one year what
happens will happen I cannot control not
end or I cannot affect what will happen
in one year that's against the rules
you can impact what happens in one year
who sets up the rules do you really want
to know I as you so as he says do you
really want to know
tuneless music starts playing in the
room it's like it's like a 40 kazoo
oh my god it's like Aleister Crowley's
house I was gonna say it's like a
children's recital do you really want to
know I can show you sure yes I want to
know very well come with me and he
reaches out his head okay
all right his hand you step
he like makes a gesture and a door opens
and then we lost sanity and he steps
into the door and you are standing in
outer space okay
below you nothing above you nothing
there's nothing it's somewhere over
there some lights this is the center of
the universe okay over there he points
the lights as a Thoth the sultan of the
gods mm-hmm
waits he waits for my call my call which
will happen January next okay and when I
call as a Thoth and all of the Elder
Gods will answer who makes the rules as
a Thoth makes the rules would you like
to see has a thought no that is a wise
choice however if you don't accept my
offer I will bring you to as a Thoth no
I'll like you said I'll take your offer
I just needed questions to be answered
so very well so Queen night at Chris how
does she kind of fit into all of this
there's got put the girl on that's my
okay let's go back very well
you are standing in the hallway with
them okay over the bodies of the three
guys that you brought justice leaguers
yeah we seen her up here actually um
before slams the door shut
you opened the door and you walk out of
the door it's a miracle a miracle out of
here teach me that oh man so the black
Pharaohs here he's got to anubis's in
the walls
let's go up the walls there's a reason
why the walls are the door no he brought
you back yeah look I I do not want you
to go take your payment back just I I do
not want to go back into town with three
dead bodies there are way too many
questions yes that's where you rip on
this yes okay oh kill present what is
this that is just glowing blue scimitar
cool thank you I should have had this if
you to get well the whole point way to
for it no I didn't kill them I didn't
kill them no it's a girl
what's that let's ask all the questions
when worried
yes four o'clock in the morning I'm so
hungry
there are you ate all our food there are
let's say nine camels okay
and we did you sort of know how to get
back to town
didn't I ask that question like which
direction do you sure did go and you
sort of know mm-hmm you know you it's
based on this you you were like ah
that's a star okay I know that one and
so you know the basic direction we have
probably know that it was several hours
ya know the way to the matter everybody
can make a survival check and you get
advantage on this one check that off me
oh my god so close so oh god I made it
survival right yes so to make sure you
give yourself a check on that and then
roll out and again I'm gonna give myself
500 inspiration from my third favorite
twitch user Wow Jay Matthews 85 okay who
gives me 500 bits to help pay for
marriage counseling until you've read
Thomas trying to spell counseling is it
with an ear and I'm sorry I have a
marriage counselor parent six Pittsburgh
wrong one counsel oh look at a tease
this now you misspelled marriage spell
counselor he's million avid Maui period
is what brings us together today
yeah I am 100% that person that will
starkly correct your grammar in my tweet
in the same way it's horrible I'm gonna
get shot some day because of it I'm
gonna get shot by Thomas next week so
yeah you you both make the survival rule
these guys start packing up and you
because you've done this before
and you because you're not stupid
are both like we're gonna be out there
in the heat of the day because by the
time we're all packed up and everything
we're leaving at 6:00
yep and that means we're gonna be in the
desert until noon yes which is the worst
time to be in the desert
yeah who is packing up I need to sleep
anyways I'm exhausted I mean do we go
here's the problem we're going to be out
in the middle of the desert in the
middle of the deme that is not good
thing at any by myself I have to sleep I
mean I know it's been you guys but know
it along was the trick over I don't
remember
uh was about four more hours yeah okay
and we don't doing what time it is right
now it's 4:00 a.m. where iam so I the
time you get everything wrapped up and
ready to go gonna be then convince these
camels that the people that's the real
thing going to get them hurted camels
that only slightly tolerated you and the
three people they like are now dead yeah
you know by that time it'll probably be
almost seven we we soldiers should come
back the soldiers is somebody perhaps
always the answer and weekend at
bernie's is always the answer sure
they'll be very happy to do not discover
things let's we don't discover anything
let's make sure that pyramid looks the
same but the board's back up does anyone
have a hammer hmm get a sim tur yeah
I've got got a crowbar yeah you are
skilled in that crowbar so yeah you can
you can get the board's back up across
there no you only know how to take them
on
No a very specialized crowbar no a got
stupid when you have a crowbar
everything's a nails mm-hmm I don't know
the soldiers will let us stay here
they're not here yet though
well they arrived at sunrise he'll be
like why are there white people sleeping
on camels because I mean I I don't want
to be out there in the middle of the
direct but we don't want to be out there
in the middle of the day we end before
you need a no one there house yes
somewhere to read you know you're gonna
go through your water mm-hmm before
you're back there especially at the heat
of the day unless you decide to risk
heatstroke so what do you propose we do
please say sleep we need to all rest up
and get ready to - yes but he does have
a good point about the guards
if they if they come back and they see
the camels still sitting here
they're probably evict us from these
temples as soon as they return they'll
know that we're still here we can buy
water off of them then there will be
questions along that was the bribe was
for I along the lines of where are the
people who brand us they left us there
they left us yeah yeah camel without me
taking their camels
those monsters yeah or we picked the
camels into them we don't know where
they are I'll break their necks to leave
them well I'm making it my own I mean so
what if we go a little ways in that's a
great point actually you did not this is
you didn't pack for a camping trip yeah
you packed for a day trip we don't have
a chance to my knowledge no but I'm
gonna take some like okay you can find a
blanket yeah I'm blanket or something a
blanket that would be the saddle that
keeps them you able to ride this castle
like whatever blankets camel guys you
know to like just making like a lean-to
and you know off the camel yeah sure you
can make an air zat's shelter of some
sort
or you can go in a pyramid no they're
very cool huh
don't care look I'm in the pyramid yeah
yeah the the first
pyramid I'm guessing yes are there any
other structures strength pyramids
typically they'd be a little out
buildings and temples and things and
there is nothing here but these well
what if what if we try to go a little
ways away so we don't get any questions
from the guards I should and and and and
then set up but then if we go for this I
don't have any camping stuff and then so
we are going to be out in there sounds
gonna say that they abandon a center and
we like but we looked ourselves in the
front of this we're mid for force or
anyone else that when I type bent into
Google it automatically goes to the bent
pyramid huh it knows you well yes this
is the bent pyramid huh yeah it's the
one we're not in no that's the one
you're gonna come over so the big period
is one of the first pyramids put up and
so it is a different style than the
other pyramid sorry there are some
theories you you would even in the
twenties you would notice there are some
theories that it was a practice pyramid
now you've been told by several people
that it was built for a very specific
like warding purpose right but yeah that
is that is what that is what you are in
front of the red pyramid looks is like a
more normal pyramid but it has the stone
of it is red and so it's got almost a
sandstone look to it look if if we stay
here yes we have the pyramid for shelter
until we get turned out by the guards
and I'm wrapping myself in mind and that
rule I think that works this cone the
shelter at the pyramids and when there
are guards rifle it says plead ignorance
which is true and if we need to we can
pay them a bribe or something and they
could give us some supplies or water or
food and then we can when the schools
now we go back to the town and we're
gonna spend all day here I think so
because I won't get I mean you know it
won't get cool and you know I think
we're gonna have to wait until it gets
cool again because going out there just
you know we don't know exactly where to
go ready business dang that's at night
and so it that's what it looks like
right about now right near the casings
are on this at night or during the
day sorry it's a little
of a more normal color but there's
definitely a red tinge to it got it all
right
that's no I think we should camp at Pier
where we you know and if they come to
houseless we just say I don't know what
happened we're here we and then maybe
they will help us leave because we don't
know exactly where we're going either
and I don't want to be just wandering
around in the desert okay she's right
but we'd go towards those good enough
for my people 40 years doing very good
at it so yeah you how are you gonna
set a watch are you gonna I mean people
recently indeed ouch-ouch button that's
a good idea I'm not gonna sleep and
you're not alright yeah your allergy doe
look eat up all right I'm gonna even get
some sleep while I can you know it never
stops glowing so careful with that
with the guards she that are something
yeah it's enough oh hey guess what you
didn't have made they don't like so
flame taught me about a fancy belt with
my Princess Leia outfit no no but
scimitars don't have scabrous okay oh
they just go in a limb up in your belt
yeah wrapped in cloth or some I trap
okay something around the sign yeah I'm
going to sleep alright
Oh get some roasted anybody besides her
not sleeping okay so you guys all have
dreams yeah of course we do
why so this dream is literally just so I
can get those bits from from Seth really
um oh yeah here we go yeah alright so in
the dream you're at the Nile you have
you know it seems like a lovely day
you're having a picnic of the Nile and
Emma comes running up with some sort of
and she's kind of acting shifty a little
shifty er than normal and she was oh
hold on a sec guys and she goes down to
the Nile and drops the package in the
water
whatever the thing was and the cloth
starts to come off of it and what she
has dropped into the Nile is a wooden
hunting decoy duck and she's like okay I
just saved the world she turned to you
and said I just saved the world millions
of people were gonna die and then all of
a sudden the duck starts to like not
just go with the current it starts to
move of its own volition oh wow and it
spins around it as it spins around you
notice that it has two different eyes
one is a little eye that kind of looks
like a rainbow and one is an eye it
seems enormous to you and like flashes
with fire it's this duck and and then
you wait and then you'll wake up and
you'll be you know this is not a wake up
in cold sweat because it was a duck and
you're like yeah II understand that but
don't okay duck Magnum I got its F okay
what was the thing yeah I have to know
please how the game show that duck yeah
he's my wonderful wife my set that said
my second favorite twitch user has a a a
therapy duck and it is a wooden decoy
oh he's around with her Hank oh yeah
Seth got to meet Hank today and
apparently as he is often the case Hank
has imprinted his evil on another person
and yes Hank you know why not give a
plug Hank actually has a Facebook page
travels with Hank and he travels all
over the world Hank has somehow been to
places Rachael has never been it's very
strange
no Hank is the tank is an utterly evil
creation that lives in our house cool
he's been to Gen Con he's been to Essen
Wow Hank gets her M I knew nothing of
this dog to be honest but we don't you
know Hank doesn't come out a lot it's
safer that way
we have a lead-lined box at home because
he does have two different eyes and what
is the evil eye I always forget which
one oh and you know that's wonderful and
what time is it when we wake up you're
gonna wake up you will all pass out for
about eight hours hmm and it's much
cooler in the pyramid you're a little on
edge in the pyramid but but it's much
nicer in the pyramid then it would be
being outside about ten maybe you hear a
voice down the bongo hello and oh yeah
we're still in here English no okay
but I'll speak to them an Arabic and
then same soldiers we saw this we're
still in here are our guides left us at
nighttime and we are are strapped until
we can get back to town okay make me an
Arabic roll his Arabic is basically yeah
I'm sure he's an English yeah so make a
roll so that's his language own would be
aided yeah so 60s fine alright yeah you
can be everything you wanted to convey
and you the guy will say back to you and
you will understand he'll say like they
left you apparently
they did do you want us to look for them
and that would be great if you could
find them or find someone else you could
give them guide us away that would be
wonderful as well no one comes here and
so we gather we are we are waiting out
the weather or waiting for a new guide
we apologize we just take you to da
Shore tonight but it will cost you money
what would be the fee how much do you
have not very much they took most of our
other provisions and the funds as well
we greatly humbly apologize if we get
the camels Oh
should give all the camels guys Koshi
for a camel or do we need a couple fur
fur so there's nine of them so wait are
you gonna do with a camel after done
okay give me a resale value Kelly Blue
Book give you 1924 fireball yeah five
camels five cameras mercs of mischief
does show up right so thanks for rating
us every time somebody raids us we're
giving away a Nord games luck tip look
so hit shake ass but we're gonna wait a
little bit I think to run the contest
you got to stick around a little but yes
hashtag chaos to be entered for a chance
to win the Nord games love deck will do
that drawing before the break he said
with absolutely no authority whatsoever
really we'll do it when Thomas hits
finished the contest you know just put
the hash tag in there yes hash tag chaos
and welcome we're playing call of
cthulhu and they are trapped out in the
desert with no guides so there are two
of you there are four of us a four
camels then four camels for one for each
of you whatever you can do with camels
once you reach the shore oh we will
perhaps use them for
there means you're going to eat them
oh no we made travels to another
location why did you say you're gonna
use them for their meat other means
means oh you're Arab ignition very bad
I'm a little out of practice my
apologies all right ma'am I want to get
you know almost sound English yeah I
have spent much time in England might
understand some Arabic you've got
anybody who has air but it can make it
everybody to see how no oh yeah well
yeah so oh yeah something about eating
camels so tell my weight they're feeling
like eating the camels how do they don't
know though they were confused to eat
everything I am hungry but I
mispronounced alone I didn't I could
handle some camel grad student four four
camels I we have guns and camels
yes we have all the camels we're gonna
take you to dahshur and you're gonna
give us those candidates they're not
gonna lie
camels guys yeah I heard that boy part
two yeah they're they're they're little
they're a little upset cuz let's not
make them angry do we have any left no
no these are our these are things do we
care about the camels oh no oh we don't
want camels it's the principle Tommy
listen we authorized this this is mine I
I have spoken to my companions we will
agree to your arrangement alright we
will leave at dusk very well
Kirk life that comes with provisions
like food and everything right they're
why'd you get all the camels in they'll
get us out of here we'll be fine yes
it'll just be a hungry day all right so
yeah there's a there's an uncomfortable
afternoon of not trying not to think
about food yeah and I'm like huh and sit
and sipping water very carefully yes for
that restaurant we were at last night so
good night before it's all burned yeah
last night was that night it's best not
to so there's very little light in this
room other than a blue scimitar mm-hmm
and you know it's it's a it's very night
it's nice and cool and you figure that
you can you know you can wait out the
heat of the day here a sand storm blows
through doesn't bother you the soldiers
I think as they might start with one of
the soldiers will come up and both you
can all make Arabic roles as they say
something in Arabic okay yeah oh nice
well so they asked they say there's a
sandstorm coming can we come up there I
think that's fair that's reasonable can
[Laughter]
do you have provisions you may share
with us why don't you have food we
offered was taken by our previous guides
the Prophet would perhaps look favorably
upon you if you were to share some
provisions with us and I roll Arabic for
that law yeah I'm suggest you said
something about the Prophet and you're
like prophet they say there they're like
we'll just go on the other pyramid have
fun you know if you insist but if you
could share some Samia provisions with
us we would welcome your prayers
here in this pyramid with us we have a
we have we have water we would welcome
water alright yeah so these four guys
will come walking up so the only light
you have in here is that SCIM tur you
have torches don't we have torches he
brought out we only have so much stuff
to burn oh and I got to keep this hidden
so they come up with two torches yes and
notice a good boom yes there is a
glowing blue Sentret I'm gonna cover it
as soon as they kind of come up they you
apparently do not see that that's so
sweet
so they come up and you're sitting in
the dark mmm and they're like it's nice
and cool yeah are you just sitting in
the dark well we can see down the shaft
there's a little boy he's insanely good
oh yes we have much light from outside
and it's without flame it is cooler it
is cooler lemona don't stand by the
torch they have two glass bottles of
water that they will pass around and
they'll just let you guys have them
sweet sweet sweet they they then
start to eat pomegranates in front of
you I do like those yeah you like
everything not a discerning consumer no
it's all seed so I actually I have
created the pomegranate scale of food to
difficulty ratio is it worth eating
pomegranates no you know they're you you
rate you rate everything on the
pomegranate scale and the further it is
towards pomegranate the less you want to
eat it that makes sense lobster very
high up on the pomegranate scale it is I
cut myself on Thursday night that's a
cautionary tale
lobster and crab and you hurt your
finger Oh No the lobster today to tell
you the tale thank you yeah a grateful
nation salutes you for the sacrifices
that you have made I hope you people are
dungeon crab from now on yeah I see what
you did there alright so yeah it gets to
be dusk yeah yeah but you guys head out
they will take you back to da sure yes
going with a guy drastically reduces the
travel time yes love you you make it
back in about two three hours it wasn't
that far so sure which again there's not
a lot to do sure you get there about
three hours from dusk about nine eight
or nine there are no boats to Cairo
unless you know you could make like a
credit rating roll and try and I don't
care I just convinced somebody just find
me food I'll convince someone no not us
you know yeah all right so yeah you can
find a place to eat a family will offer
you their stable essentially to sleep in
there's no in yeah
listen lobster lady let the blankets for
the lantern it's very very biblical yes
there's there's no hotel or motel in
Tosh or its you know you're sleeping
somewhere and they the the guards
like walk off with nine camels like haha
the resale value on these they're like
checking the teeth oh no they're good
those are good camel doesn't find camel
yeah so the next day you can get a boat
about noon now we're on the seventh now
uh so it was the morning at 6:00 then
all day of the six yeah you're gonna get
yet
no the seventh no it's the F at the 8th
yeah the seventh was soon in a pyramid
and traveled ashore and spend the night
because it was very early morning 6:00
3:00 a.m. and then 4:00 a.m. all right
so the 7th you get okay the morning of
the seventh you get into Cairo so we
this game is actually on a calendar
because it's it's now March March 7th
1925 January 26th January 14th 1920
next January they believe the world's
gonna end so well time is running out
something is going to happen probably
won't be a you know confetti dinner
lunch breakfast breakfast we get off at
the something is actually gonna happen
hmm
yeah the the Eclipse yeah I was going to
ask
Emma's told us any of what happened I
haven't yet cuz I'm looking around cuz
first of all I'm freaked out we were
under the impression that you were in a
life-threatening situation and then you
came out of a magic door and we haven't
talked about but first you killed three
people so I don't know there was only
you in there yes then you killed three
people check please
drink up please yes I've been traveling
with her for a long time that will tell
you right now there's no way she broke
who killed them you mean on purpose
dark bear okay we been on accident we're
just dark fearsome off a ladder and then
he neck broke everywhere nowhere around
there wasn't no laughs ya know it's like
we've heard some about the dark fear we
think I've also known her for a long
time and she's never made a magic door
before though so yeah things change
she didn't that was Professor what's his
ass and then she used to wear wait what
wait wait what happened to so hang up so
I was bored and went into the other
pyramid yeah the red one that sounds
still talk to you - not after the
beginning of this episode no we can name
that whatever we want now until not that
we're ever gonna go back there ever but
I'm just saying if we accidentally end
up back there don't go in the boarded-up
door the regular door was fine it was
just those guys were they had the
blacked-out eyes and wandering had a gun
to my head and said come this way oh and
so we had to go back around to the other
door where then I was locked in this
chamber with the dark Pharaoh and he's
you know
god knows what about how he's gonna rule
the universe or whatevs
mom What did he say so specifically the
information that I could get out of him
was and there was the inside was pretty
interesting I'll tell you a little bit
about it in a minute but essentially in
January he is going to call for us for
call call forth Ashutosh as a thought as
a thought
anybody with Cthulhu those can make a
rule people nope no said can make a rule
not make a roll I would anyone like to
use inspiration don't no no no I already
took a peaceful train ride
giant breakfast walkout most of this
conversation every day bandaged it's not
worth the risk that's a memory if I had
to spell it it would be something I
would have known from from and now it's
saying about me it's not it's not it's
not Egyptian okay there's no point you
said nothing's gonna happen or whatever
what do you say
whoo no I said an eclipse is gonna
happen now there's gonna be more than
that
so apparently well we're under that
impression you just don't know he said
that he was gonna call for whoever this
person think it is okay and that this as
a Thoth and all the gods are gonna come
forward all of them guys are they coming
or they are though they're waking up so
Egyptian this is not Egyptian this is
not from no it's not it's not this is
not from anything that I've read about
or heard about before so why is the
black Pharaoh work so because I was
trying to negotiate with him yeah
because I mean when you've got a demigod
cuz really I figured out he's not in a
God God he's now like a little bit of a
lesser guy like he's still a God but
he's not totally dim I yeah okay yeah my
god just a lesser yeah amongst their
pantheon and how are you handling that
emma is very it's adorable non-euclidean
org charts but you said you made a deal
with him while I was trying to and then
he said that he couldn't make deal so I
was like oh there's somebody more
important than you but not trying to
totally offend him but offend him just
to find out like what his manager could
do and is like I can't negotiate because
so let me just I sort of may have just
sort of skipped over like the major
point here I have no idea what you're
actually yeah and the fact that like he
wants me to get goat up is wait a minute
where am I going Gibbon tulitt yep and
getting the girdle of dinocras and throw
it in the Nile
instead what if we burn it I've heard
well you've heard not a critic Chris
where we were that before
it's that is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Shh it was a joke
actually in even toulon it's in the
Moskva too and as it gets a wife
it's in the mosque no no but she's a
real nice thunder Christopher person
Queen Queen Records wasn't she that
the wife of the the Pharaoh that had
beaten the dark Pharaoh initially she
was actually a pharaoh who came after
that she was a queen right group that
defeated him yeah she was trying to
bring back the network Pharaoh and do
the whole so anyway you wanted to give
me ten days to do that I said let's
negotiate and then he's like well I
can't negotiate and I was like well yeah
you can and he's like now I can't cuz
you know in parentheses I'm not that
important yes whose manages the subject
completely yes well you've really got me
over a barrel now so you gave me ten
days but I was like that's making a year
like January for happen you know perhaps
and then he's like well I don't make the
rules and that's how I got to this hole
as a toff thing and other so a bunch of
gods are gonna be summoned yeah as a
thought yep but I didn't sound good at
all yeah okay and we'll shoot it where
the girdle because you'll become Queen
NIDA Chris but it's also a girdle so I'm
probably not gonna wear it cuz I don't
really need it a ban Queen there Chris
was I I think she was a hero I thought
someone just said that that she tried to
bring back yeah America yeah let me see
what you guys got about knighted prison
around before was all those cheese
stuffed dates you know once you go talk
to that man
she's stuck date he summoned you didn't
do oh are you trade places with him no
no I love this I'm gonna visit a
tradition i alignment at the pyramids
feel like I need a brief a case oh so he
told he told you that the unidentified
mummy that was stolen from the Clive
expedition was the remains he believed
that that knighted Chris was not a good
person see here according to the person
who's read the Necronomicon yeah I'm so
sure I can learn that spell without
having to rename as a nomicon doctor
Haviland fun yeah that was the so there
was a duck he told you about a Dutch yes
a Dutch archaeologist who had been fired
from the ex the Clive expedition yes he
might live
then whose role freaking cat I look for
the cat yeah you get an advantage diet
success excellence yeah yeah it's the
same Noah I cannot find a cat there's no
but it's so critical sitting on the
balcony of your room is a cat Oh
excellent
your room is on the fourth floor jeez do
we have any milk you drink it any
leftover milk
yeah you drank it okay maybe some cream
for the job there's there's a word and
they're all did anyone up not drinking
it are you asking people for its little
milk what do you need it for the cat
look there's a cat just sitting there
like and let's go I'm gonna walk up and
get a good look at this cat all right
the cat like any totally disregarding
you okay because I'm like looking for
any distinct patches of fur anything
like it is a it is a bog-standard
color it's a calico cat
who are you it it kind of ignores you
it's like you know you're like watching
it and stuff and it's just like never
seen a cat ignore to that extent you can
you get like especially right here this
area that seems immune to your charms
uh-huh this this is not a normal cat
your projects not doing it right
okay good speeding no no must have
something no starving ground are you a
cat expert as well please no oh no oh
that's food should i expel the demons
from the cat what is happening holy
water sprinkler I mean we are a little
high up for ya can climb yes that's fine
no I can't
oh it's a different cat there's lots of
cat still a strange cat usually lots of
catching the high road yeah it's pretty
the chin just under the chin do anything
good stir yeah it'll start to purr a
little bit okay no you know what no no
okay false alarm this isn't this is an
evil cat well let to be sure let's make
sure be sure oh good that's no just
let's let's leave it out there let's not
bring it in all right it's just like
clothes yeah about consumer yeah how's
it gonna know could be trapped no no you
can hang out outside up there and get
away yeah it didn't come up through our
room yeah
Oh was it was it there before was closed
I figured it was open got out there now
we're like locking it out there no no no
it was just sitting on the bow see you
your balcony door was open like the
hotel every morning will open your about
the the cleaning people open your door
to let it in the air mm-hmm and the cats
and the cats okay usually not the cats
but this is the first time there's been
a cat on there that you can recall okay
but yeah you close your balcony door
sadly no air conditioning no yeah the
breeze was was nice yes well I forgot
how hot it was here check to see how the
cats gone then we can open the door
again are you gonna tell them about the
map and everything oh yeah but
eventually I mean they virgins yeah so
we can do it we can do an exposition
dump that's fine yeah anything
I mean if we're just hanging out I'll be
like okay so vacation and visit the
professor or just vacation visit this
mosque - what get it over with sooner
than later
yeah doesn't I don't know that seems
tied into evil don't stop there hmm but
sounds like she's something she has to
do well do you it was a negotiation like
the black Pharaoh said that he was high
if you don't do it what would him like
burn people and he was gonna let you
guys get killed by two anubis's and I
didn't think I had to spell done but
isn't he gonna also like potentially in
the war I might take away the world is
gonna end
that's my and that's everyone so he
doesn't want the girdle around he
doesn't want the girdle around I get the
distinct impression that he does not
want the girl because if he was gonna
wear the girdle then I asked if I should
wear the girdle then I asked if the girl
was pretty enough to wear like who
should be wearing the girl that's really
so Geritol we have DC to ask him why the
nile did you end so wonderful with a
peacock dress oh yeah the Nile is the
heart of Egypt yeah a source of life and
you have to put it in the night you got
to put it on your loins I don't know
well then and here's a question why
don't we we're at the loins tough thing
right it's like a bill yeah okay it's
not the thing that holds up your nylons
no okay all right but is your garter
that's a gun huh thinking the Garter
gotcha
a new lingerie line from I don't think I
was all the rage in ancient Egypt like
night of Christmas so it was in the 20s
now when I wear this we're not in that I
can do this we're in the 20s but however
this I don't think was made yes so I
have a question if we are voting this
thing into the Nile are we doing it to
get rid of something or are we doing it
to give it to some yes that's what I was
why I don't know let's research what
this item is first before we do anything
the professor yes actually they have
holy people who are sequestering this I
don't know so I'm assuming if we just go
to
and just say hey the black Pharaoh told
me to throw this in the mouth shut up
that sounds a no that sounds like a
problem and second begging you please
lead with that Wow
would go very easy oh I'm assuming if
you want me to throw it in the water
that you want to destroy it lady I'm
assuming it's not going someplace
there's my name on this because if he
wanted it he would wear it or he would
take it from me he would ask me to
deliver it to him so that's why I'm
assuming I was right I'm getting dressed
up we can have some other know what
that's a religion role okay I think you
have or don't you have like science
religion or something yeah it's under
our so that's a yeah I actually nope not
hard but make it alright so you know you
know a couple stories about putting
things in the dials yeah mm-hmm and how
they end up magically where they're
supposed to be yeah okay yeah yeah
worried about that's right that's my
real question because as as Joseph said
the Nile is the heart of Egypt so what
if we're trying to get what if he wants
to get this thing to someone to turn
them in tonight a Chris for some reason
okay kill no more yeah there's somebody
it was aware the girdle mm-hmm or you
want to return it to 90 Chris didn't
they just the mind-body of knockers was
stolen correct
oh the body is still her it's just the
body that was the expedition yes
Carlisle got a climax cause life flies
right the climax but you sure the ones
who are currently working right the
mummy was stolen from the classics video
there in Giza right now I would only put
her in the Nile if we know where that
body is and can cremated we have anybody
to judge anybody could be the Queen if
you put the girdle on so you just put it
on and by the Queen now why would you
throw it in the middle of a river
yes correctly it feels very certain
and you look like if it's an item like
the headband I could call someone a
successor maybe he could tell us more
they need to mention door like did I see
the professor no you stay at that
exactly hey whatever happened to that
brick you like just assumed he was dead
yeah no you remember that door that you
came out of I didn't I just stepped I
didn't come out of the door I came out
of the universe okay well haha that's
even stranger it was it was for a second
I actually tore and Google is necessary
that's not a good role yeah you can you
can lose a point of sanity if you want
or if you just want to be like that's
not great yeah you're not loving that
let's go see that professor let's go see
the professor I think we should go -
even - okay and just the professor
let's talk you have no idea where even
tool it is no I'm just assumed but the
professor does there's a mother things
to know so should I just fill you guys
in on the way yes walking down the
street yep
so I tell you guys about the map of the
eastern actually are we taking a boat
back to Cairo your area we've been in
our hotel eating snacks what I told me
yeah
and cats cats know one thing that I
don't understand is the magical mystery
yes what's up what someone give that I
got a repeating gift please do so when I
went in the boarded up door mm-hmm
I was looking on the wall specifically
to tell you things that I could remember
um so there was a map of the eastern
hemisphere and there were three red gems
and the red gems were in Eastern Africa
one was located off the coast of Japan
in the ocean and then one was in like
sort of the West northwestern part of
Australia and so they made like a
triangle and there was sort of like an
upside-down arc like a smiley sort of
arc connecting them
Smiley's that means anybody with
astronomy can make a roll when she
describes that I apparently have to
learn you know what or I'll accept a
hard success on an intelligence roll
or she's good I'll take that science I
mean I'm sorry what was the first one
you had Japan Australia and then the
other one was in Eastern Africa yeah
yeah so maybe something that the
Carlisle expedition found out about it
away mother of maggots yeah
and so that map seemed to be something
that I could understand it seemed new to
the continent it didn't seem like an old
map or like some you know I mean old
Mariner map or whatever of like ancient
maps that people didn't know about all
way to score some points on ancient
mariners it's all the earthers in your
face flat earthers so much smarter doubt
oh man I teach the controversy then on
another wall there was another map with
the southern hemisphere stars but I
don't recognize most of the stuff but I
could recognize a roll out a piece of
paper yeah can you never all and do you
remember she really can't know okay but
so did hemisphere yes well we least
merinov and a half the planet yeah well
I can listen to her and I have sketching
as one of mine sure yeah yeah I can try
to yeah get you down you sketched the
map yeah you you sketch a map that looks
pretty good yeah I'll show you the
picture again so yes hmm cuz I wasn't
sure where the the smile was hmm got you
got you goes from him because Africa it
does start in Kenya bit doesn't yeah it
sort of comes close to that line and
then carves through but it doesn't it
hit the other two right I would think it
would be some sort of like I would
describe it as like a protractor or like
a geometrical shape yeah we go to draw
the path of the Eclipse as it moves
that's not I thought that maybe
something in the middle there I mean
that's where the that's where it would
go and
there will be the path of totality maybe
two chocolate eating and then the other
walls were just hieroglyphs of which I
don't understand any of them but I do
wish it's a repeating pattern of like a
little dark baby so I'm assuming it was
the black Pharaoh as a baby in and there
was a baby black bear also cute that's
sure it is it's it's a Japanese art
style which is which is like making
things a little and cute yes yes baby
black Pharaoh in a in a pyramid I saw a
lot of those oh there isn't a higher
hood up in a mountain blah yeah black
milk but it was just a triangle until
that repeated sort of all over these two
walls before so the black Pharaohs
started showing me things and then I
just sort of went into the universe and
then I went into that room was an infant
below triangle beside triangle within
Troy I'm assuming they're next to each
other because yeah would be beside yeah
to the ring a bell with either of us
true I mean it's not I would know that
because you're the hieroglyphics person
you would know that you know
hieroglyphics tend to you know the
reading that was kind of an art and the
sort of the the depiction of them
positioned sometimes matters and
sometimes it doesn't
yeah yeah yeah forty-niner cleft as well
there you go
so yeah you you guys are both like you
know and unless you see how much do you
have it oh oh let's talk about our baby
Yoda when when you would I wish we had
those numbers I'm excited for this you
know news to me when you went into the
universe was it like when we did before
kind of it was just a lot of nothing
what does that mean to go into the
universe so like out into space I'm just
inspired how do you go out into space
well the black borough takes my hand and
we go into space how precious I know
it's like
is I don't have the headdress now I have
a new friends well that makes you think
of something wow what the heck dress he
was very interested in the headdress
yeah it was oh yeah that's right what he
wanted to know if the headdress was here
I didn't say anything I was like that's
wise yeah well I mean as much as I can't
say anything was you know how that
circular talk goes where I usually end
up admitting more than I can
what is he pleased about the idea I was
like a triple negative yes exactly was
he pleased about the headdress being
there or I'm set he seemed like he
wanted it brought the headdress to me I
was like I didn't bring it here okay the
headdress is pretty amazing yeah it is
pretty awesome yeah I really that's
right know about the staves though so
he's obviously not that omnipotent
sweets I mean I really omniscient yeah
yeah I guess what sparked quasi Nishant
quasi missions yes didn't know about
this dude Micah's Putin is good powerful
I thank you for not telling about it no
so anyway I forgot how we'd started
talking about that anyway so food to
answer your question you're sort of out
in the universe just floating around and
that's when he showed me like as a toff
and the other gods are out there and
that and then all of a sudden that was
like okay I'll make the deal I'll throw
the girdle in the Nile and save my
friend save the world and then poof just
one step and you're back in the room I
I'm very she came out of the same door
that the professor yes but I didn't say
a door it was just I just took a step
but I was in a room Wow
but you have to throw the girdle in the
Nile yeah well I mean I have to use a
strong word something I shouldn't have
put the headdress on but that's the deal
the black Pharaoh yeah but I've got 10
days to figure this out something's
gonna happen in 10 days well we'll
probably be out of Egypt he couldn't
possibly reach us anywhere else what I'm
just saying that by then it's like the
deal's off because if I have the girdle
and it's ten days from now and we're in
Kenya I can't physically throw in the
Nile
technically I think any body of water
will do I don't know that's gonna run he
might still do the bad things he was
going to say he was going to do I should
have had him sign a paper I've forgotten
to get Rasmus yet I tried gotten to the
Museum yeah no but we have gotten to
break time so make sure hashtag chaos to
get that Nord games luck deck maybe
someone's already won I don't know yeah
you'd have told me Osama said a finger
thing Thomas did a finger so we've got
two giveaways hashtag dice to win these
Cthulhu dice will give them anybody in
US and Canada except Montreal or Quebec
because they are dull Quebec can be me
know what they did yeah they have and we
will send these out to you so hashtag
chaos for the Nord games deck
hashtag dice for the Cthulhu dice one of
those things it's so much cooler and we
will be back as soon as five people can
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
welcome back in the telling you things
you already know school I'm gonna
congratulate Damon Kitty for won't the
nor games day and I'm going to
congratulate eggs ass exhausted dragon
for winning these Cthulhu dices again I
cannot emphasize enough amy has not
touched so they're safe your integrity
is intact you cannot destroy the
universe windows or it's all on you so
you guys are going to dr. Kapoor's
mm-hmm yes
the I keep going in music I'm gonna keep
going on professor but because he calls
you professor yeah it's like that Jeff
never mind I was gonna feel like I've
next week's episode is just gonna be a
discussion about the movie spies like us
I've never seen it I was told no man
it's classic but some of chubby chasers
finest well we'll also be discussing
next week hawk the Slayer better than
crawl no pong this layer is so much
better than crow Curl Curl
someone's actually seen crawl haka
Slayer was on channel 2 like for almost
all of my childhood like Saturday at
noon nobody was no it's the two best
parts about Hawk this layer are that
Jack Palance is the bad guy and it was
clear somebody was like his agent was
like Jack you're gonna be like dad that
Darth Vader guy but then he's just Jack
Palance and it he's mailing it in like
big time but it cleared he's like this
will get me an action figure and that uh
and then so is it Jack Palance the like
what I feel like anything cool let's do
some accounting what is the camel
investment in the area look so hot here
they're like oh we're gonna find we have
to get it was like a fellowship of the
ring we have to get a giant we have to
get a dwarf the size difference between
the giant the dwarf seven inches tops
like the giant was like six five the
dwarf was like five three it was so sad
it was great so essentially as my
relationship with Thomas I was gonna say
it's me standing next to Thomas I never
thought it I guess I'm Jack Palance in
that he did Ripley's Believe It or Not
many years they were just like alright
pallets just say Believe It or Not as
creepy as possible that's all you have
to do no they didn't say say creepy he
just said yeah that's right
I would like fries they were actually
like please stop he was like 30 minutes
ago sir so you travel to the lovely
Egyptian Museum it's the afternoon and
now they've come to recognize you so you
are brought in Sui and you sort of know
where Kapoor's office is yeah right so
you head there and he says I yes how can
so how did you get here that is one
question but but we actually would first
like to know how he got here yeah yeah
well I don't know how he did that is
just a taxi like I do every morning and
you are there it is oh this is
fascinating
I am dr. Ali Khufu I am oh god what's
his official title I think it's like
professor of Nicol professor yeah it's
like his official title but yeah he so
he just looked at you in now it is
one more time sure
the shorter oh yeah yeah yeah yeah I so
so we have you have questions about some
some particular lore regarding a girdle
President Carter yeah because a girdle a
nice to get some yeah we were referred
to you we've heard that you are you have
a wonderful as per taste in in all
things occult so we had heard about
curator of the occult mmm and curator
vehicle we heard rumors about a girdle
of night to Chris and we were wondering
he'll once again tell you everything he
told you to put before about night
Icarus about how you know she was a
queen and the sixth dynasty
she was reputed to be in league with a
new cult of the black Pharaoh he's he
believes to be true but you know he says
but you won't find any any real sources
for that and he'll you know him up he'll
tell you the the bit about the the mummy
being stolen and live expedition and
he'll tell you about young villain Van
Halen
again I go and look for the same focus
before yeah yeah you fight yeah you find
it yeah you you start asking I just walk
out with ages like so this and start
bringing up the and so there's this
eclipse and I was curious about these
things
ooh make me an intelligence role and
you'll give you an advantage died on
this one well you know I could get it I
could get a critical no I'll take the
hard success all right Oh a hard success
all right now so yeah
that line is clearly the mark of the
Eclipse that line on that that is
clearly the path of the Eclipse totally
I'm traveling through the South Pacific
mmm we have some additional information
to show him this time and starting in
Sudan Nigeria well I mean no it's
actually gonna end in canvas that's
right but so so so in is set up to
capture that eclipse so all we have to
do is take out one pyramid or the Sun
that the option since the beginning of
time that's very interesting yes there
is a solar eclipse in next January
hmm and I think and I'm reciting the
things from before the best of my
recollection a traffic oh you are you
know quite a bit about this
that's impressive tell about the elders
Ides oh yeah so did you probably know
sim tur so you so wait you the one oh
yeah that's right you have another one
you make no you have that they know oh
you know yeah cuz we tried to encourage
him to actually leave it yes yeah that
was no-go yeah that one is not glowing I
believe it doesn't go yeah there's no no
it's like the ones not the one I made
yeah yeah but it's my understanding that
you you know a little bit about rituals
and the such do you know the forbidden
book al-aziz we're familiar with the
name but we have never actually seen a
book there's actually a particular spell
from it that we would like to learn
without reading it we have no no do you
have give the cliff note version I
mean you have to read to learn the
ritual well I mean so so I pull out this
stuff for thee it's the the other sign
is in that book as well however I pull
out all my notes I did not have to you
know be ten and get this this ritual
doesn't require any blood and look how
it's glowing
you pull out the SIM chip really fine I
have to show you whatever oh that's
amazing
I would never trade some information
with I've never seen its that color
before hmm
I can I can tell you how Wow
well in exchange if you could share some
of your knowledge I mean I'm always
happy to share knowledge with a visiting
scholar hmm here we go the notes come I
mean you're acting like a professor to
himself he's like you know we're going
through this thing he's the lady with
the crowbar
oh she know she was involved in making
this she's quite accomplished that
crowbar is magical are you free of heat
at the crop it seems like a damn close
are you a sorcerer and ER we don't tell
our secrets well I mean except for all
these right yeah yeah that's different
that's different
well I could I consider myself a a an
amateur ritual magician it's our
understanding that you you know eight
protections
you have to do a particular sort of
spell to travel across great distances
oh I wish there was such a spell hmm
you can't open a door in the area the
words let's go no I was trying to learn
those I tried to take some notes too but
I can't you know like you'd hear them
and they were gone yeah it's like the
lyrics to every 90 song so I'll just
share the information I'm not reading
that book I'll read the book oh no no no
someone else wrote oh no no one has to
read it
he's young and naive he has plenty of
sanity to spare
I mean it doesn't work that way it's a
downward spiral it's a negative feedback
loop
oh I'll read just a little no no no
doesn't work that way no no really he's
fine look he's fine oh no he's not he's
falling hold on
remember I'm not fine is I grab a piece
of paper and I draw out the maybe
mountain and the baby black Pharaoh and
I push you towards them and say have you
seen this do you know what this means
huh I mean is that a baby I mean that's
what I'm assuming it is and I mean that
is usually the hieroglyphic for mountain
okay and if you saw it in oh I don't
know a pyramid or something what would
you think where would you think this
mountain is like what is what mountain
would they reference because Egypt is
relatively flat I've not seen a mountain
yet assume say it was in the Red Pyramid
Oh maybe you study the repairman hmm
have you have you studied anything about
the pyramids there well I Betty
mm-hmm so the pyramids are really fool's
gold
myself and some of my more learned
friends like to call them they're the
Ouija boards of Egypt you you Americans
have the Ouija board we understand think
you're contacting the spirit well the
black art was sealed in the Red Pyramid
I'm sorry Oh what's his proper name I
don't like saying oh my foots up
goddamnit oh please do not say that name
he is pleased but we reims have power
that's I was literally about to say that
I was trying you could have just done it
burn allowable that was that him at the
fellow we were discussing and so that
person is buried you're saying how do
you know this oh he's buried in the in
the red we're done tremendous research
on the subject and visited you may have
been there too you visited the Red
Pyramid see this is not hand cream and
we're trying to sell G things and we
just reverse it back onto us it's not
really workin that like me the court of
the millennium it's not you crazy it's
me crazy
so he's Foreman yeah we're breaking up
it's fine so it was one of us really
gonna read the book I'll read the book
on this
well here's no offers a book yet so what
we're sharing just depress him like you
did last time and then he'll offer the
book oh don't say that
what last time mmm you were talking
about when we've been going through and
talking to to two different scholars in
different lands this is what we're
talking about our professor I see yeah
he's very very impressive of course of
course yeah well I mean I don't I mean
reading this book is not without cost
well it's a tough read hmm and the
language issue a translation well I mean
how's your Arabic I speak Arabic I was
that's my native tongue oh he'll say
something to you in arabic you
understand spawn there all right
yeah you sound English I've spent half
of my life in England no to the accent
of course he is yeah but you are
Egyptian yes in Arabic and anybody that
wants to can make an Arabic role he will
say to you he'll basically say to you
then did you fumble awesome we'll get to
that in a second so he says to you in in
in Arabic what is Egypt's belongs in
Egypt they kind of trying to get you to
like say like yes we should not when you
when you when you say you're English he
gets a little worried he wants you to
appease him as I of course I respect our
heritage and customs what we are looking
in
- okay yeah you're a picker I'm sorry
yeah yeah it's something that is bigger
than Egypt and bigger than England all
right so do you hear that just you made
the rule right yes yeah you hear that he
says to - Thomas you're you're almost
positive that he says something about
with this book you can kill them all
where who which what what who says it
who says that the professor said floor
says to him this book will give you the
power to kill them all
don't do it oh god don't do it don't
don't read the book what what what it's
okay I'll just read a little bit but
there's no reading a little bit of a low
thief
well let me just let me tell you the
first time I read it oh you heard it
more than once I sat down and before I
knew it it was three days later and I
was finished with the book only three
days I've spent it's a slow read no I
can imagine I spent many a weekend doing
if you wish to read the book I will you
will of course if you wish to read the
book but for your safety and for the
safety of the library you will be locked
into a reading room who as long as I
have some snacks one has food yes I will
tell you the third time I read this book
who I tried to destroy it you cannot
destroy this book that you tried to read
it a fourth I have read this book many
times why did you try to destroy it is
this all in Arabic and now I'm in
trouble
no no he's he's such back yeah I didn't
know that it's just like this is like
you know I'm trying to talk you out of
reading with the things that are
contained in this book are unspeakable
and rites and rituals that on first
appearance seem innocuous are become
further reading and and after further
research are corrupt and unholy and
nothing that's all I would put on this
earth you could not read it still yeah
it was really bad Arab yes
these are visions were given to him when
what year that's a great question that
is a great question that I don't know
the answer to but I will find out where
you want while you're looking at yes
like do we really need do we really need
this I know I mean he doesn't have to
know
no no I I think so yeah the more I hear
the less yeah you you you've got some
things I'm not gonna tell him about and
you've got some things I'm not telling
you about you there are some things that
are useful that we can we can you can
learn this I can teach you this you want
to learn this here huddle around we'll
learn about this we'll learn about the
other society I can teach us some other
things we can use like the travel the
travel thing Oh
what price seven-thirty ad Wow Oh
although the copy of al-aziz that we
have is a transcription of scrolls
written about 950 BC no ad
hey dude this is so 730 is the original
this is a transcription of Scrolls of
that
an original copy of Alice Eve is not
unheard of I'm sure you couldn't even
touch end I mean the the the Egyptian
letter said the dead
for millennia millennia ago but other
than that that was lost lost knowledge
essentially this is something much more
recent historically or perhaps a
combination of so many experiences of so
many generations finally writ down I
have to see this he's just smiling at
you bemusedly like this is a I've been
there smile don't do it mine hasn't
always pleased to start the journey of a
young one to enlightenment oh my
goodness okay God there's no way that
sentence can go son
well sign me up alright if I teach you
this information can you not give them
something else that seems nickel you
have to fake one round it's the picture
book I'm trying to think of there's
something I need fast talk no is there
something I could do come I've read it
many times all I know is build your
house out of bricks don't trust that
wolf hi
I mean why why do you wish to read this
book what what do you seek because we
were hoping for a nice little handy
spell that we believed that you knew
without having to read the book it's
it's my understanding mm-hmm that in
less than one year's time mm-hmm the
world man yes I beg your pardon the
ancient gods would be called forth upon
the earth sure we have reason to believe
we don't obviously we he believes in the
toes of the black Pharaoh yeah he knows
whether the black Pharaoh will return
the purpose or that cult is to bring him
forth and he will bring forth this as a
thought and are we bad hmm he knows who
would be why are you using names he
rolls a nod to never never say that name
again
well that is the you know he's not ready
for this book that is the power at the
center of the universe the the daemon
Sultan of the Elder Gods well he wait
hey my unders waits for the call of his
you when how keep pointing at the book
with the date right here that eclipse
will bring the Elder Gods it aligns
everything up well whatever I can do to
help you that book Oh half measures ah
there's no point in us dancing around it
we may as well delve into this to try to
stop betting he's got a point can you
use something everybody's got evil it's
not evil
it's always as soon as you're out of
sanity but you don't I will tell you I
know the fifth time I read this book I
learned some tools that could
potentially be useful it's all
theoretical I've never used any of them
but I learned some things that could be
useful in its it's possible that on a
first reading you might glean some of
that these are the things that you
claimed the tools the theoretical tools
that you found something that you would
be able to pass along in order to help
point us in the right direction I mean
you have to read the book okay but let's
say could you guide could you guide him
in his first reading in any way you know
how when you when you open a textbook
for the first time and you have this
overload of information you don't know
what you're looking for you know what
you're looking for or you can pick it
then so maybe he can never experienced
that I had some very interesting
textbooks no I don't know what she means
I had a lousy f-- it's almost as if
you've you've gone to lecture and then
you read the material after and it makes
sense but if you were skipping lecture
and just to read the material it's much
more difficult to to digest
there is no lecture Alice Eve is the
lecture such a fear but I first of all
there are names in those rituals that I
will never say there are words in those
rituals that I will never say hmm but
there are words you would say and could
you guide him to that place
it would be like teaching you violin
with three fingers oh that would not be
useful difficult but possible better
than two well I'm willing to like your
attitude
hmm well he's talking about having to
read the book five times before you're
going to get that and it takes three
days to read it the first time I read
that book vistas were opened to me well
very well
I should warn you the second time I read
that book I disappeared into an opium
den for three days oh that does not
surprise me
I don't want hmm well I'll just start
with one and try to avoid the opium
addictions do anything for the fourth
time so you are gonna read the
Necronomicon for three days sir well
actually let me rephrase that you're
gonna read a lousy thing are you gonna
just power through are you gonna read it
like a you know or you could a dog here
the page every night I mean I think he
he would attempt to do the same thing he
would do with any other scarlet manual
which is not to read it all he read
digest notes but I don't know how it
would affect them write actually reads
it right
it's okay I'm just gonna hang out I do
want to give you some preparation very
simple advice it will teach you in that
book how to create another time but it
will tell you to use blood and you don't
have to so any time you tell you use a
blood you don't necessarily have a
headdress so there are things that can
substitute for the life force as if
these these magical items well not
necessarily good substitutions I'm like
well I make notes done but I just want
to just get a surface view and we'll see
where leads have no idea where it's
gonna lead him the voice only you can
hear mm-hmm do you have any idea how
powerful that book is enough to avoid it
it would be very useful oh no I but I
was thinking about just relaxing three
days of relaxing oh no we're going to
even toulon what are you talking about
three days of relaxing understand I
don't want you to read the book oh he
wants you to steal I want you to take
the bone oh you need that book why do I
wars have been won just by holding that
book in front of armies this book is how
you will defeat niala thought up how
would I get it make the Patsy do it
[Music]
[Laughter]
doctor you are you okay do you think
maybe but would it be possible while
he's reading it to check up on him to
make sure that he's okay
of course I I was planning on
he will be he will be watched who needs
a lot of food I don't think he'll be
eating for a couple days I might
surprise you well there will be an
attendant at all times if you require
anything or if you wish to stop at any
time and in your head you here I'm not
gonna make you do this mm-hmm
today but it's a good idea it is the
idea that book will change it will
change the entire arc if I restore if I
knew that spell to open that door I
could get that book that spell is in
I don't know that spell can I remember
any cuz it was traced can't remember any
of those symbols
really and guess what neither kanka for
the first contra for anything apparently
you know never happened and that's all
my three days of relaxation alright so
you are brought to a like a chicken wire
cell essentially there's a table but
there is a light that's like about here
mm-hmm
ergonomics had not been invented yet
there is a wooden chair how and in a
small box a metal like almost
safe-deposit box are a pair of white
gloves and a tattered old book okay okay
get the journal out I'm gonna show up
shortly a sharpen the pencils ready I'm
gonna do everything I can to not love
I'm gonna be your welding him take notes
all right going over all information
that comes out sure so you want to be in
the room with me I'm there with you I'll
bring snacks you're not gonna actually
talk to you about what I'm reading yes I
won't be reading it directly though
while they're doing that we should
probably shouldn't see what we can do to
find out more information about the
girdle oh and mosque before we go there
no principles are important so I'm
assuming yeah okay so the Heffner is
giving you guys a thousand tips come on
man thank you have there's coffee in
here yeah go
it's like now you said there we go man
thank you thank you pause is full of
grounds five hundred bits to me I don't
this we've got this new game going hey
things to get what are you doing and
only if I publicly say that the Hef is
in my top three twitch users so JD max
what have you done for me like I said
it's the Baroness its whatever my wife's
name is I am glad that you didn't bump
JD Matthews has given me a lot of bits
yeah and like 1500 statement those are
I've always said those are my top three
look the others might change Baroness
isn't always gonna be number one in my
book as long as this the Baroness enough
the Duchess yeah I like her much more
than she likes me kind of describes my
marriage yeah we need eight we need one
of those those like technical
difficulties we're like running out of
inspiration I'm gonna have to start
using this one like it's dead try some
questions Thomas are you are you just
type owing out everywhere I say six
hundred bits like why is it 600 cuz
tamago Torres got his own style he's
just going just respects it yeah I like
it
tamago Torah says 600 bits for a book
heist
Tomiko torah comes in with the best
worst idea we have - the only way I can
see is learning that spell if we learn
that spell
oh but we're not it's gonna be horrible
scream all wrong we're gonna learn
another spell then we're gonna have to
use that spell it's not gonna be it's
gonna do terrible things
I deal with death in the in the mundane
we're all if not I'm not touching that
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I just want a very good read you
know my marriage okay make the point
that my poor wife has to put up with the
fact that I will a hundred percent of
the time say what's funny
whether it's like appropriate to the
moment or not and so like we have you
know we have had our Tiff's and she will
say something and I'll just start
laughing and that doesn't help my head I
have the perfect rejoinder and when I
laugh it's because I had the sense to go
don't say that like a hundred percent I
will say I will go for the good line as
opposed to the thing that will heal
whatever rift has I have caused
invariably I have caused it let us be
clear I am a terrible person is really
the final takeaway there we love you
Rachel yes my three twitch users you
have not lived she she we went all
through Germany not seeing squirrels and
she was like what's going on are they
then we finally saw one and that the
whole trip was made for her all right so
book heist yay so you two are there you
three happen now so we do we trust the
professor to get us an introduction to
eben Toulon I mean he might be
disrupting super nice guy yeah yeah he's
I mean he's a really nice guy I'm sure
he would do it but what what is that
worth yeah wait let me rephrase that he
was a nice guy who knows now
you tricked us into reading a book yeah
the headdress trick that's what teachers
do this is why I'm not a professor
look before before we go into that
mosque I really feel like we should do
as much research as we can on this
girdle why am I the one saying and get
back ceiling no no okay so to your to
your point we've tried asking we try to
ask again he kind of said all this is
girdle is this thing it's it but doesn't
say anything about more about it so
where would we go get some history to
find out here it does in a bit where
exactly can it can it can we is there a
book that we can find about even tool in
itself when was it established oh you
haven't mentioned that to the professor
at all we did a little bit we did we did
ask about the girdle yes you didn't
missions might have been tooling or
anything like that since once you need
an introduction I'm guessing it's gonna
come up we should probably sure talk to
our source did I grades way Oh bookie
people all right so just to remind
you here's poor not at all insane dr.
Khufu
very sane I need to block out memories
like he does that's wait
he'll come that's how you kids say it's
called compartmentalization so yeah
you're gonna ask him about the mosque of
MU Toulon I think it's it was one of the
first mosques in Cairo it's now it's a I
think you would call it an asylum
what do you mean room for like it's no
longer a mosque it's now enough for
people who are unwell in the head oh
very interesting
yeah so they don't store books or any
it's not a real good writings yeah no
you know I was hoping that we could get
research take a psychology role that's
been around person oh oh no that 66
never mind I was like oh sick nope no
getting good and you want us to show you
you can just need one more sick
right no are we there we really know
yeah take into the Saturday guys are
gone you get the feeling that so when
you say do they have stuff there he
doesn't quite go no no they don't but
you know I get the other guy and again
just kind of assuming the fact that any
church would have a Bible many you know
the Catholic will not say that every
Middle Testament confidence so if you
know this the mosque is now not not a
place of worship
where would the records of the the
mosque through the years where would we
find those in the library or would you
have them they would probably still be
at the mosque there is still you know
there is still a caretaker there and
there is still do they allow people to
do some research there do they allow
people to well I mean as far as I know
in terms of research the only
information it would have is
genealogical of its of its worshipers
and that sort of thing and and of course
probably a copy of the Quran but I could
and don't you have a letter of don't you
have a name at the mosque yeah we do all
the hobby because we didn't ask for a
letter of introduction yeah yeah no that
was a letter to dr. Kapoor okay
but yeah so he'll give you the name of a
med of the hobby is the caretaker of the
mosque of even toulon and he will tell
you it is on this map it's number 18 so
let's see here it is somewhere it gets
right there hey you guys okay are up
there up here this is in the middle of
oh yeah very well the first mosques in
Cairo Motel we don't want to be there
after dark then and speculatively do you
think it has any relationship to NightA
Chris I can't imagine okay I mean I've
just I heard I heard a rumor and I'm not
understanding why what rumor did you
hear that the girdle is guarded there
what girdle oh the girl you were talking
bout this girl of I have never heard of
a girdle of NightA Chris's this is like
an item that was I'm assuming it's a
girdle
I could I could try and look into it
okay if you would be so kind of course
you thank you I know you'll be coming
back in about three days yeah yeah we
will all right you guys are gonna go to
the mosque are you gonna it's about you
know it's it's late afternoon now I
don't that should we wait and come back
tomorrow and see what he says about it I
think at the very least tomorrow yeah
all right you guys get to have a lovely
dinner out in Cairo so jealous
we are leaving for a nice dinner we are
weird I will you
you're gonna devour her crowbar to get
her away then I will easily borrow the
crowbar so let's make me first of all an
Arabic roll let's do that cuz if you
don't pass it actually be a heart
success yeah I come down and I'm like
Silvano I need like I don't know like
money give me some money with my
accounting skills as of late alright so
ago she ate some of those camels would
be a little bit ahead right now I like
how this turns into a money-making
venture make me a Cthulhu Mythos roll
I'll give it I got it Oh five on this
let's say did not succeed okay 37 all
right so you start reading this book and
time disappears like it's it's one of
those like you know the camera pulls
back but stays focused on you and the
world around you just goes away
until he feels a hard slap you're like
these are like dinner time so you go to
do that make me a power roll okay
oh no no D is not a success not a fumble
but all right so you whack him and he
does not respond
Chloe force book closed all right
opposed strength rolls so your votes
gonna make a spring roll whoever gets
the better since at 4800 that is a fail
that's a fact not a kind of critical but
like didn't roll I got an A for you and
you like to start to push the book close
and without even acknowledging you like
he's just holding it open yeah okay
there's a path of least resistance I
brought in a stack of papers plop
okay game you're gonna eat dinner dinner
and you haven't said frickin word
meanwhile ya know she's like six hours
and he hasn't uttered a word yeah yes so
that breaks the spell of the book on you
and all of a sudden it is it's like poem
hunger this thing is the only light and
it is super dark in this room and there
are there's just a sheaf of papers over
the book what happened what happened
what up
no you know your time to eat we have to
talk about what no I am hungry yeah
let's bring some food in no let's go out
let's go some oh we can't leave this
week yeah just because you're diseased
Hanley
it is entirely possibly and we're going
to how many pages in you fairly not it
feels like you know it feels like 10 I
can actually see he's gone through like
a third of the book you're no no no no
no no no are going to eat it was middle
of a ritual they don't understand and it
comes the door he says are you done for
today
yes very well the way we don't have to
leave do we yes what time is it you're
gonna get some dinner you're gonna give
us a sign it is eight o'clock sir that's
early he like locks what time is my very
close or food I've never heard you said
the library closed at 5:00 sir it's 5:00
all right here there in the books the
book is yeah he's taking the book okay
that's it let's go eat and sleep and why
don't you tell me all about pick up my
papers and there's many straighten them
how you guys end up at a little cafe
close to the museum like I need some tea
some of the good English tea yeah you're
thinking about link the things that
you've read in that book and tell me
about that tell me about the things
so you didn't see anything about a spell
I'm there basically right now this is
the ravings of a man who is alone in the
desert and he comes to an awful city
Ihram the city of pillars serums and he
see just the horrible things he sees
there and so far there have been like 40
pages of description of this city Wow
okay and he's in the desert like a
nervous like george RR martin talking
about food okay so as we eat some food
in tell medo things kind of normally
gathers he'll tell you what essentially
compared to you the same thing that so
i'll see if i can get him to because it
seems like he's just surface level and
see if i can get him to get any details
about anything
so you recall wait have you read any
meet those tones i don't think you had
the scroll from Alastair was very likely
now that I think about it yeah but you
so you recall that like it's it's a
little bit like you know it's a little
bit like an episodic thing where the
doesn't really make sense until you put
it all together yeah like the first part
you're like huh
city with pillars then the second I'm
just I'm just trying to get details and
write them down all right
and get him to also heat away at us
again
yeah you three have a lovely dinner yes
fantastic of course we knew there's much
wine mmm
all three of you make spot hidden rolls
cat the cat doesn't ice it I would bet
there's a cat yeah I heard success hard
success all right
hard success so did you get hard as well
yes all three even get well all right
well three of getting hard successes but
cat I mean we're looking for that well
yeah but the thing the cat looks right
at you and goes well how far my into my
den follow you're having like an
after-dinner glass of wine shall we find
out what in the name of all right so
have my daggers on that it's not a
daggoo of a simpler you have a glowing
it's big you know a blade like this long
why not all right you follow this cat
and it starts to take you that way okay
yeah there's three of us and we have
weapons some uh-huh
yes and there's a whole old city of
people who might not like us being and
they're in their area so the cat will
lead you on a merry jaunt through what
color is this cat this is a gray cat
great cat seems smarter than the
other two the cat leads you on a merry
jaunt and after about 30 minutes there's
another cat and now there are two cats
okay and another ten minutes there's a
third cat and all of a sudden you're
aware that there are cats on the walls
mm-hmm
there's a cat in front of you
assuming they stay cats and you are
miniature Wawa's straight dog's death by
Corgi odds suck you you are led into a
little courtyard that has one door and
all of the cats just kind of plop down
in this courtyard
we'll look around really where Elaine
like how many things are there at this
point you can't even count they're
everywhere and they're all silent this
is this is a witch's place this is
unearthly right this is a witch it is
weird actually with the W so you go for
the Y oh sure we give you a voice I'm
holding on to my daggers under my six
yeah I'll be check six all right you um
you knock on the door yeah and you hear
a voice say go away
I just pause in English knock again it
does is it answers in English pause I
said go away let's see who your European
yes you can not anymore Britain years in
the future we make an intelligence roll
thank you oh yeah heart success that is
that year the accent is dutch second
my name is Irene can I talk to you for a
minute
the cat led us here you'll keep those
cats away from me I have nothing to do
with them they just let us in your
direction can I talk to you for a minute
without talking through a door all right
Eric cats there yes I mean they don't
look like they're going anywhere I want
to talk to you about the clive
expedition all right come in thank you
so the door opens like a tiny bit and as
the door opens every cat come he goes
mmm I'm gonna turn around look at them
like stop it and he looked out and he
like he looks at all the cats and like
may we come in hi are the three of you
and why are you all women that's an odd
question because that's what we are is
don't yeah you can't just ask someone by
their women as opposed to why are the
cats always in front of your house like
I don't understand what when you say the
cats again he like goes back to them yes
yes you notice him thank you
do you a fake name that you're
travelling under because ID says my mind
says Irene Adler we were talking about
having having yes yeah we had a lot of
money on that but no Donal spent a lot
of yada-yada you're squandering your
sanity it's all right could be dr. Ford
yeah we all we all we all got fake fake
IDs with with fake guns your dad you
said we can't afford okay and I would
have known that before walking that's
like an engineer's really is why I'm
asking
yep he Hannah when you come in
this is the definition of a hovel
there's a bed a desk with an oil lamp
and two bottles on it and one glass and
the smell in here is terrible
it's just it's three-day-old drunk yeah
yeah is the smell in here and there's
yeah he'll grab one of the bottles and
they're all open why are you here we
want to know what happened with the
Clive expedition and why you're here in
well I will tell you but come back
is about it's about two hours worth is
little huh and pour a little it does he
have a clean glass dirty glass that's
empty
yes okay so I pull it and fill it up I
just push it towards it'll be like so
what can you tell us right now I'll tell
well that's immunity fill it up again
anywhere and what happened when they
make me a luck rule hmm how good my
liquor is know how empty your classic is
yeah so6 your static you've got a you're
classy
do a welding flat up your flask glass
[Laughter]
we found teeth I needed that for the
book we we found a tomb a tomb with an
unknown mummy in it but I know and you
found it in Giza
it was my Turkish how do you know I mean
first first of all can you confirm where
was it that is empty I just give him the
you might want to burn it alcohol
sanitize this for all the money so he
will say that they were at Giza ever
happen they discovered we discovered a
chamber in miss arenas pyramid image was
a a mummy unprepared but preserved and
it was there were no hieroglyphs or
anything like that but the marvellous
funerary trappings made it clear that
this was a person of great importance so
why do you think specific make a luck
roll this market market alright so I
pull out my flask I'm just gonna for I'm
gonna pour his off all right no pour the
glass at this point I'm not gonna let
him self-medicate so who we asking what
relics they found with it yes you can
ask yeah yeah so what relics did you
find with the mummy did you find any
articles of clothing there were no
relics with her it was just the me the
money itself is the most extraordinary
find
oh it won't be his oh yeah I understand
I just wondered if there was anything
else Santa how did you know it
her yes hmm Clive Clive was sure of it
and Clive is a very smart man I have no
doubt but did he say what he saw that
indicated as much I trust him implicitly
I mean yes he let me go
I understand finances and the such but
but dr. Clive is very smart man and I'm
sure that that is not Dockers and then
someone stole it
they stole the money and you have no
idea who no I haven't heard any rumors
or anything
how did they just get the money the
sarcophagus two police officers gone ooh
oh okay so why are you here like this
make a luck roll wait yeah yeah make a
oh yeah I'm good ninety-one all right
the flip he's like he's like wrapping
the flask three islands fire yeah who
has a higher luck what's yours months
thirty point eighty but I'm a nice 47
yes I'll go so if we need to every three
to make it forty maybe tomorrow
right thank you he takes another drag
uh why am I here yeah because Clive
fired me and that's fine but I am going
to make a fortune when I am finished
with my work I'm I'm deciphering I found
scrolls and I'm deciphering them rose
scrolls so Clive fighters me uh-huh
I have nothing I come back to this place
I got lost one night I might have had a
it's definite I might have had the drink
or two I got lost I found myself in an
alley and in a gutter in the alley I saw
a lot and I was able to squeeze into
that gutter hmm
and there was a chamber and in that
chamber
I found Scrolls and I'm I'm working to
decipher them what have you deciphered
so far are they written in hieroglyphics
and this is it deep do you have any more
come back tomorrow with alcohol and I
will tell you what I'm working on
goddamn down drinkers thank you bringing
me my drink socially I told that that I
have done research in hieroglyphics I'm
very very very interested in them is
there any way I can get a peek I am very
very interested in jinn we gave you what
we had it was not enough come back
tomorrow great choice alcohol ok last
what may I ask you one last question
you see it's about alcohol why are the
cats following you cats there's a hell
of a lot of cats out there that are
curse from what all right I'm sure it
has nothing to do with anything I'm
working on he says with thee yeah
lack of self-awareness thickness anyone
that has a curse on them can I wouldn't
bet on that all right tomorrow tomorrow
yep also bring food I can't leave the
cats follow me everywhere they might
follow you now now they might have they
already have been we've already seen
cats on our balcony at dinner
were you brought here by the cat's I say
yes yes what is their game I don't know
I think maybe you need help I think I
need gin go alright okay
their intervention cats mine's empty you
drink too fast where your cats we care
about you
this is an intervention I couldn't quit
any time
alright so yeah you you are in the
middle of nowhere
cats have dispersed as you come out all
right I'm gonna try to make note of
where we are as best I can
Smith navigate roll it is you just
travel is straight of a line
North this pond I'm trying to remember
we played a whole game of Cthulhu where
Thomas had the ability to operate boats
and he would just pick can we I need to
drive a boat that was all he wanted to
do like navigate was fair enough I I
would say that I was trying to keep note
of where we were going
I would say you were following cats yeah
tonight can I schedule are we on right
now I do that Ferb
okay you can tell Ajit's oh-whoa-oh they
do not make it home 96 this is where you
want to be after hard not quite end up
in a alright Barry so damn it
we get back my eyes no one no one here
yeah um
wish I had meet Lee navigate
[Music]
there's no cab there's no not in this
neighborhood Old Cairo Robin Antin you
okay I don't
a lot of Neverland but you are if you're
sure you're just like yeah no it's right
no problem or fall in the cats and it's
getting later mm-hmm it's probably 10
o'clock now oh you end up at a crypt and
we find that light you find up ahead
you're like oh look here's here's the
hotel you are in front of the mosque of
IBN tulun oh we know at least how we got
from his house to even to one she knows
exactly how okay the air around here
is full of screams of people that sound
tortured oh it's full of laughter that
sounds awful it is this is not a restful
place this is not a you know yeah
mosques are like places of quiet
contemplation this is not a place of
quiet contemplation this is a place of
magic all right let's try and get a cam
out of here
okay but we were told where the mosque
have been told and was relative to where
we were correct
ish yes I mean Old Cairo is a maze
streets that just don't go anywhere and
yeah I mean you can add sure go ask
somebody good right someone who speaks
Arabic yes yes all right all right so
you're gonna like walk them and just
naka like so you enter the compound
it is essentially a compound and there
is there are two buildings there's a
smaller maybe administrative building
and then there's the hospital kind of
build an image which is the the
administration building is the old
mosque the hospital building is a large
building to the side it's very easy to
tell which is which because that one is
much quieter yes I figure maybe that
would be a good place to go and ask say
we're lost and you know we saw your it
was a mosque and we thought we'd ask
but this guy speak English I have there
a book so I can thank goodness we have
haven't you people speak Arabic just put
them on the parties it's always smart to
split the Martin yeah well you have one
of them read a cursed book the other one
go to Queens asylum we keep doing this
to is the worst problem yeah I mean
we're somehow fine but you're gonna get
God that we're setting down some rules
from that book it's I'm setting up out
no no I'm not yeah our our soldier
mission yes and a an old man who is very
traditionally dressed opens the door
with an oil lamp
oh and he's like holding a notice and
and I say in Arabic so sorry but we we
are lost we are looking for our hotel
and make an Arabic rule oh yeah he will
look at you and in English he will say
your Arabic is quite good
oh thank you and your English sounds
nice I speak a little
you are very lost yes forgive me
but in my faith I cannot admit
unattended women there is a there is an
entrance I will speak with you here
thank you
how can i i am ahmed al de hobby
I am the caretaker of the mosque of IBN
tulun pleasure to meet you sir hello uh
you guys introduce yourself yes how how
can I help you do you can you point us
back at our hotel or perhaps secure you
have been walking
it's yes no no do not walk in Old Cairo
we got caught up in some of the sights
we got caught up in say you know and and
now we are lost very well very well in
Arabic you you hear him say nessam to me
and a giant of a giant ancient man walks
up beside him this man has a sword that
looks very much like your sword doesn't
it does seem to glow okay does it what
what's the symbol look like oh you can't
tell but and he looks at you and he says
he says in my faith we must always aid
those who require it
this is nessam actually he'll sit he
actually says something in Arabic that
you can make a roll on okay Cyrano yes I
calls him so he doesn't call him nessam
actually he calls him the sword of
Ockham allah and he will he will return
you to your hotel thank you so much
thank you
and nessam we'll turn to this guy and
you don't need to make a roll he will he
will say - he'll ask a med if it is
safe for him to be gone and a man will
in Arabic kind of looking at you making
you aware that he knows you speak Arabic
he will say - nessam everything is
secure please
hill-hill nessam clearly speaks no
English he says please see that these
women are returned safely to where they
belong and nessam sort of looks at all
yours isn't out right no okay you know
it's wrapped up all of our stuffs
wrapped up as you are walking you are
acutely aware that nessam is like on
guard he is like looking at he's like
checking roofs he's like you know this
is not a good place yeah him him being
that paranoid has me on edge and I'm
just like hand the hands on daggers
ready to go if and to and and again no
roles here you're also there's at least
two instances where like shadows slink
back into alleys when they see that it
is nessam you know this massive bull of
a ancient man he somehow is
simultaneously ancient and vigorous okay
he's like the Jack LaLanne of you know
whirling dervishes or something that
reference doesn't make me old so long
story short it is a long walk but over
the course of about two hours he gets
you back to your hotel Wow okay I mean
I'm gonna like lean over to Jon and
saying how do you say thank you in
Arabic yes real quick yeah yeah you
you thanked him and he he he doesn't
speak he just nods and he turns around
and he's gone okay so tomorrow I think
our way to get back in is to take you
left this simpler I kind of but like to
take him a gift and say thank you very
much yes yeah I mean and getting
cigarettes and
whatever probably not cigarettes no
would you like cigarettes and alcohol we
also got some other guy for you too here
you go yeah I interest you in the Book
of Mormon yeah we're probably gonna need
a rucksack to take some alcohol to our
Dutch friend yes okay and then we'll
have something to take some of it yeah
yeah so in the morning we should request
items to be brought from the hotel and
see the hotels yeah we can duty-free
yeah I I don't I don't know what sort of
thing would be appropriate to give an
elder but I imagine there some sort of
probably back at those oh yeah you guys
get back in and they're not there oh
it's okay yeah probably my flask is
missing trouble there they're having a
good old time boy your flask is gonna
smell terrible that they want me back
and tell someone God the hour of the
morning yeah when you get back but do
you think they're okay come and come and
get me just like limping with exhaustion
yet Sam I'm more worried about everyone
else around her yeah they they will
about midnight they come back mom I'm
asleep yeah we have tea do you like puts
a lot of flasks I'm gonna have to get a
touristy one now oh yeah you know where
you want to get a flask Cairo yeah I I'm
gonna tell them before we turn in for
the night that about what the area felt
like and how everyone reacted to his
name Nessa Nessa is sort of akamalik
yeah and I'm like he's easy someone
respected in that in that area of if for
nothing else his abilities from what I
could see and it felt like you
he's guarding that girdle I'm sure he is
I have this I have no doubt that he is
keeping watch over whatever his house do
that how are you gonna steal that I'm
gonna steal it I'm gonna be forthright
with these gentlemen and we'd like to
give it tonight on so tip well no just
um well can't weigh that can go wrong
again I'm getting out of the Sun I'm
just dipping it in the Nile where'd it
go say yeah I still want to tell them
what's happening yeah I do because I
think that there's a solution to this
that isn't giving it to not Lynette but
that guy yeah you've told you've seen a
vision what do you mean the divine
speaks to you you see visions know the
black Pharaoh speaks to me I mean he is
semi-divine but he is a God you know
there is no God the gods before me
indicate there's others false gods yeah
so he cons nonetheless yeah I mean he
anyway long story short whatever he is
but I'm sure first of all I'm sure I can
get onto this on a technicality
I'm sure that I can like not because
anyone ever said has anyone that's ever
said I'm sure I can get out of this on a
technicality
gotten out in a technicality I don't
know you're the Roger stone in this
story yes I'm sure I could potentially
borrow it not being Cairo we're just a
combination of things that just don't
fulfill Mouton the whole matter no you
know what I mean
no we okay no that he can get anywhere
he has he has pinged us in New York he
has pinged us in London I'm sure he had
an eye on us in Peru so the idea of
trying to pull a fast and intelligence
roll I don't like your expression when
you said that yeah I made it
hey Larkins eyes sure turned black at
one point yeah no remember Larkins eyes
going all black and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he's been
watching us for a while
no doubt that he could ping us wherever
he wants well yeah trying to get out of
this on a technicality might end very
badly I'm just saying I'm just gonna
Emma my way through this
well we're doomed if you possibly
fulfill the bargain like a skater yeah
that's what I'm saying is that I failed
that sort of failed just because of
circumstance you know what it's like ice
you know so should this be this word of
failure where we never got our hands on
it hmm
maybe we'll see it seems to be
reasonably well-protected yeah yeah I
mean I'm not gonna tangle with Nasir our
nessuno runner is my maybe commission
and it would end very painfully yeah I
wanted to take away the guardian of
whatever he is
did you tell us what the translation of
what he did all this sword of Akmala
okay does that Allah mean anything to
you does it be anything to anybody
doesn't mm-hmm
know it I heard it and went okay we
shouldn't okay the sort of baroque male
is Jesus I would be interested web for
finding out yeah no actually I'll give
you mmm I'll give you an occult role on
is a success no I did not I mean my
character had some jokes about to kill
somebody
Jones like I don't know and you're like
well actually yes so you know is that
the sort of Akmala is a a fabled
blade it's like a myth you know it's
like the Excalibur of it and it is it
was made to mete out punishment to
Allah's enemies and I'll explain that to
everybody but he's also the girl now I
know he's the Guardian
Thanks didn't you say there was
something odd about his sword yeah it
looked like mine it was glowing and it
had a symbol on it well he's the
guardian of the girdle and he carries
one of them because they say a mythical
sword about mother it sure he he also
said you know a Nessun was asking you
know is it okay you sure it's okay that
I leave and they said no it's it's fine
it's taken care of
it's taken care of is that home it's
secure yeah they technically get it
secure mm-hmm I don't know this is
something that we want to take away from
its protection but I think we need to
know more about this before we go in our
way well I'm just saying that there's
got to be an alternate answer yeah the
one that's given you know when
somebody's like you have to do this
thing usually you can sort of do it by
sort of going around it and getting ish
there yeah used to tell me you're
getting audited you know I mean first of
all we have to figure out what to give
the most of Tennant he doesn't he is not
very comfortable with with women we have
to take a man yeah yes we're busy yeah
do it men facing gathering reading a
cursory very important dependent know
how long it takes you to read this thing
this is the most strident that you said
visit normal think well I'm busy I'm
like are you washing your hair what is
[Laughter]
reading that damned book literally
literally great gifts of clothing or
cloth or other foodstuffs yeah food we
medicine will be good okay something
like that yeah are you learning with
your book amazing history about the loss
I'll tell you sometimes it's it's cut
strange I don't quite understand it yet
yes for any stranger it's destroyed but
it it's there's a prefix of the building
keep breathing yeah we we have an
appointment tomorrow too so yes mention
the Dutch guy yeah have you see a drunk
about his girl yeah we found what
languages are written then we found the
Dutch the Dutch doctor from the Clive
expedition oh can fill in Van Hooten I
can't say it right and he is in a very
bad way he's it I think I think he saw
something or heard something I don't
know if he was like this beforehand
no don't know as he seemed desperate
well he yes but maybe he'll sell you
maybe give you money so me that's a
death that hmm I want to get a look at
him and that's why I want my help and
then I'd like to get the scrolls yeah
but he American Omega Guardian military
oh yeah that's right sorry Delta Green
okay thank you
it's also guy he Rogers he may not want
to risk having his research sniped out
from under him though no I just helped
him no of course I mean I understand
your motivations but I could also see
where he would think that you might try
to take it away mmm
well don't tell him about taking the
research ooh I just offer him money in
exchange he needs money he can't leave
apparently okay he can leave the cats
follow him well maybe they one of those
carts can come by and pick him up with
the taxi carts kind of things card him
away wait but it's something it's
something to think about it's something
to think about whether we offer him
money but but I want to see what it is
first before we even offer him so but we
do have some other things to bribe him
with so yeah let's give as much a
decoration as we can exactly yeah
exactly
all right I am all in I'm gonna take us
in go to bed yep right and that is the
end of Saturday the 7th mm-hmm on Sunday
the 8th dawns
you guys go back as soon as they open
yeah no yeah you're there and schedule
this time we're gonna take breaks and
we're gonna take notes
three hours cuz why not like go for
walks by ninety minutes and he takes a
long look into your minutes okay like go
for walks by and he just sort of looks
in your eyes and he goes not yet I just
just scratched the surface so far that I
have so many questions about I need to
get I need to get back in there we're
setting him on a schedule he's not going
to read it like that well that's gonna
take much longer
whoa I'm ready time is wasting good you
go back to the book is on the table and
you dive in and I set orders for lunch
and dinner in advance okay to be brought
there how far how do we cuz we stayed
till 8:00 last I agree with you when you
push till 9:00 or 10:00 this time I mean
taking that you didn't kick you out
when the museum closed right all right
let's sticker right so dinner has to be
here by 5:00 though I'm guessing I'll
all right cuz it close yeah but but I
think it's harder for me to get notes
from you if you're reading for yeah like
if I can break it apart than I can I'm
not necessarily gonna follow but alright
uh make me a power ol how weird my
there's no way I can assist is there uh
yeah that's a hard success so not
speaking Arabic makes it difficult I'm
more just like like breathe like this
centers okay totally yeah make a power
rule can't even get it hey guys fifty
right yeah at seventy five g's and yeah
with it so with it being 75 that is a
heart success yeah so yeah you like you
know you're you
him what sounds like platitudes but is
actually like you know you're like no no
set them you know get your space ready
and all this stuff and you like help
organize his notes make a luck roll okay
yes
success yeah all right so your notes
because of your nature are in English
okay okay
and so you're like you know you start
like taking his notes and like trying to
organize them and things like that so
it'll be a lot easier to like refer to
the notes and and it you clean some
stuff up and that sort of thing and yeah
so with a pal role you work through
lunch you're reading through lunch he
you have to once again like physically
block the book yeah I know it's
effective now pull him out but I'm okay
with it now again yeah
what see yeah he's not gonna stop
tonight unless you stick with whatever
time you stop I mean well I I figure
will push until like 10:00 and then it's
okay make sure he gets enough sleep
alright make a powerful oh that's but 96
is a fumble right he's a five- 5:35 it's
not a fumble I can't we are playing
with fire I mean it's not a fun you can
inspire it's inspiring we gotta play my
expression what's doing reading more
yeah got it love it this is X this would
be an Emma 66 oh yeah so he's able to
pull you out at 10 okay so that's your
day are you what are you during the day
you're going to the mosque Dickens take
his stuff yeah okay and find as much
alcohol as we can to take lead out and
brought my flask by the way oh my gosh
who humid so you're you know you you've
spent some time in Cairo yeah and you're
not loving the idea of wandering around
Old Town Cairo with a lot of Alka
ya know but can't that's not Harry I
mean my the way I would go about doing
it is I would ask the hotel to first of
all acquire some hotel to this interests
no no as the hotel they acquire the
alcohol form sure okay and then ask them
to get us a taxi or a cab will not go to
that okay we could like wrap it up and
put it in a knapsack though so it's not
again as you start like you don't need
to find this place a cat starts to like
run ahead and you follow the cats and
this time I'm like I'm gonna let someone
I'm gonna let someone else like pay
attention to the cat I'm like marking
landmark right yeah make sure that I can
find my way back out and and you know
every couple blocks another cat another
cat another cat by the time get outside
of Van Halen's the whole quotes again
the courtyard is just full of cats all
of them sitting sphinx-like so on our
way though I do also want to ask Joan if
she knows of anything about cats and
Egyptian mythology like sort of things
there's one of the stuff what is it what
is cat why would they be a are
interested in him
well I mean I know enough about her
bashed-in you know and and and how that
the cat goddess and how and but why
would they be interested in him I can
only think about it maybe the scrolls
you found so that's why I'll and I take
a look at him mmm do you think that it
has something to do with everything that
we've been chasing down I mean it seems
a little bit too odd to be coincidence
well since they were following us
mm-hmm and then they knew enough about
us to bring us here mm-hmm it's got to
be obvious and it's right after he got
fired from the expedition that found
none of the Queen yeah I'm going to
avoid Nate as often as I can I'm
thinking that this said this is this may
have something these these scrolls may
have something to do with it as well so
I want to make sure I can get to take
the lookout all right and that will be
our first priority yesterday is trying
to get on my star to get a look at these
things and I can i I I'm hopefully I'll
be able to help him with with the the
translation translations and things like
that and that's entirely
I also we also got we have to go back to
the mosque we also have cloth and food
for them hmm we decide again I'm so
drunk you passed us out that you have
enough alcohol to make you drunk who
knows if he's yeah well I mean that
saying session doing anyway I had a
logistics question about about these
guys sure did I expend every single
bit of power from them there yes they're
pretty much dead weight so no well they
you feel they're slowly recharging hmm
that's what I mean so they're just like
pulling from you a little bit at a time
yep that's cool and terrifying and
terrifying but I can use them again okay
got it just in case so you you get to
Van Houten's and you know I think we're
gonna end the episode with the visit to
man who Blin and so we will start with
you guys we going into his place because
you know some stuffs gonna happen and I
don't know if we could wrap it up and I
always end up time yes I mean it's only
one minute at 9:30 nicely so nicely done
brother GM oh thank you so much for
spending part of your geek in with us
for your likes your subscribes twitch
YouTube Bing they're CIA however you
find our stuff we really appreciate it
spending our spending our time with you
is awesome we love to see your comments
we love to hear how you think you're
doing we'd love to hear things you could
do better so look find all the quests
and Kaos stuff you can do you know the
schedule Monday it's critical one start
your week off its natural one start here
we go through the critical fail I just
critically failed Tuesday it's the Kaos
agents doing their thing Wednesday this
week we're gonna play Arkham Horror the
card game we're gonna you can join us
live on Twitch and watch just get rules
wrong in real time or you can wait until
YouTube or Thomas like filiz our voices
over to say the right thing
that's when I draw two cards it's we fix
everything in post you never make
mistakes on YouTube but we just finished
up pandemic legacies so we're gonna be
starting up some other board games we'll
see what we're gonna do there it's going
to be exciting we have a lot of fun
stuff planned so thanks for coming along
for the ride we really appreciate it and
thanks everybody from I forgot the place
that rated us Merck mercenaries wild
rooks of mischief mercs of mischief
thanks for rating us and joining us and
joining in the flood and ask what your
number two I'll just have a list back
here a leaderboard oh yeah what are the
quotes of the day thank you the quotes I
keep forgetting you so the quotes are I
feel pretty shitty if I made this fir
and she died Emma's having this idea up
is better than down I like that nope we
are going in no pyramids as much as I
can't say anything it's a negative
feedback loop and I think this is the
winner for next episode see this is not
him crazy this is us crazy and their
next episode context is required for
that one but that is pretty done yeah
and we have four bits of hurry over yeah
well so those are going into I you are
never used
we use a lot but you know one of them
was used for keeping you in your mind
and I mean nothing but not fair and
everything that I have over for will
also go in the B oh I know you had an
obligation for some of those to kill us
again yeah yeah that's true two of them
will never and will only be used to kill
you but so I will leave myself at four
so you have four I have four sounds good
these four people or go in the B oh I
that's gonna sometime trigger a giveaway
it happens way too much we will also
next week we're gonna have another
youtube giveaway so
next week's episode we will have another
way for you YouTube Watchers to win some
swag requests and create chaos well yeah
Zulu swag yeah it's late I'm losing the
you
