Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends and welcome to
quest and Cthulhu thank you for spending
part of your weekend with us
what's more Cthulhu than being in
generic office park in the middle of
nowhere
creating eldritch things on a day that
doesn't exist it's leap day we
appreciate you being here we are gonna
play some call a Cthulhu which is super
exciting
just a few quick announcements David
Hallberg yay he's not our sponsor that's
a joke for the table yeah you would be
able to see her faces if you as a
sponsor Gordon Biersch there are
sponsors some people around here are
enjoying some level II beverages from
Gordon Biersch
they also are fine people Thomas knows
them well and they are big supporters of
us and that makes them lovely people we
love them nord games they just finished
their Kickstarter it was crazy when it
would big they as always you can say
Nord games in the chat and you'll get 20
a code for 20% off anything at their
store if you watch any of our D&amp;D games
and you should I won't say something D&amp;D
it's the game you should be playing
that's how much it's always for you
depressingly depressingly I'm doing
Gordon Biersch ads for pete's sake I
mean it's better than I would rather
drink beer than play D&amp;D
but if you watch our Dean of games Union
you see you see our the Nord games Dex
in action both for the good and the bad
of everything and some of the books of
Nord games Thomas I know and Tian also
have used to change up the more vanilla
bad guys that they face last but not
least we've got two giveaways tonight
one we've got libres Arcana dice which I
believe Amy is rolling is that wait a
minute
yeah well this is what we
these are the ones were giving away I'm
giving away
we're giving away a set of libras Arcana
dice very pretty ver very prettier than
a me as his tradition we'll be covering
them with the the funk of forty thousand
years as Vincent Price once so
dramatically said it's just gonna cover
them with a couple please don't finish
that from french fry grease Madlib for
you kids at home yes so we will be at
the break giving that away I'm guessing
it's gonna be hashtag chaos usually as
yeah or maybe hash tag dice I don't know
we are also gonna have a YouTube
giveaway YouTube we love you guys we
love all your comments and your likes
and your subscribes we gotta figure out
how to do a podcast giveaway at some
weight I guess that would have to be an
email thing yeah oh yeah hard yeah
Twitter damn something I want to I want
to support all of our our various
platforms but this time YouTube you've
got to give away and this giveaway comes
to us thanks to Julie and it is if I
were if I were a good shill I'd actually
have it here with me but I'm not so at
the break I'll show it to you but it is
a beautiful deck of Cthulhu themed
playing cards so if you want to play
poker with your soul or drive yourself
insane while you're playing bridge don't
read the back of the cards and that's
that's right so will will will have that
giveaway at the end of the episode for
YouTube will give you a secret word I
don't I don't actually know I'm gonna
make something up we'll find out what it
is
all the Matt the math ones have gone
hey everybody honey so we when last we
left home a couple of our heroes they
were in the courtyard of the drunk
Dutchman vilem villain yon villain Van
Hooten I knew you had a picture thanks
fine I don't need to see sad drunk just
so using his front yard as a litter box
he the ladies have been adventuring out
to his courtyard and yesterday you made
a deal with him to bring him more
alcohol yeah and he would tell you about
what he was doing and you are once again
in the courtyard there are a large
number of cats there but there's there's
a new an addition there is a panther a
Black Panther is just casually laying on
the wall in this little courtyard which
wall so the gardens like we have came in
this way there's like about a five foot
high kind of adobe brick wall and
there's a panther casually lying there
looking at you I'm around the other side
too so so the Panther is against that
wall the door is in that wall okay so
yeah I'm gonna come in and then hang a
left and then sidestep my weight and all
right knock off so you knock on his door
great big murder mutants yeah and who is
it doctor we bought you sprout you
something come in wait is it alcohol of
course I didn't come in so yeah you you
proceeded to probably find least once
again destroy his liver once and for all
and he will tell you he'll give you the
details about this about this scroll
that he found he found a scroll in a a
secret temple underneath the streets of
Cairo okay and he's waving around a
sheaf of papers and everybody can make a
spot hidden role to try and get a read
I made it just not just normal where is
it are you buddy make a spot hidden for
Joe's sure she'd 95 sandy so you both
see that the papers that he is like
and that is not a language that I speak
and he's going on this is this will be
my great work when I translate these
I'll be able to sell it to the highest
bidder
it's what I tell you how do you speak
Dutch
no I'm sorry no he's not trying to no
good well I could translate them for you
it would take well I finished the Dutch
mm-hmm and then I translate the English
takes about a week you give me a hundred
dollars and in a week I will give you
English translation of these Scrolls how
about for a hundred dollars you give me
the cliffnotes
and you give Joan that full translation
I was speaking to the collective human
so I give your group the English version
of my scroll can we get some highlights
ahead of time serve an outline if you
all is in you've translated it from
Egyptian to get such could I see the
Egyptian version No why not it's not him
what kind of fool do you think I am
invites three strange women into my room
they get you drunk
and then they take my scroll no people
I will tell you yes tell me some
interesting things I am translating the
black rights of move a cut off whose
blue make her off you can all make an
occult roll good all right nope yes I
caught in my design so yeah it is a this
is a story this is a history of some
time before the black Pharaoh and it it
some people believe that it anecdotally
gives some hints to the existence of the
black Pharaoh okay and some notes about
the black Pharaoh so it's definitely you
know it's connecting and what they what
they're thinking but it's I mean it's
you've definitely heard of this of this
manuscript okay I've never had my eyes
on it no one has it's been in that
temple for I don't know how long if you
want I could tell you where the temple
is but if you go there and he points at
his courtyard huh so where is the temple
if you tell us the cats will follow us
is that what you're saying no or will we
get well we just have our own army of
cats
I see no downside they watch everything
they wait they're up to something that's
cats cats just always watch you there's
a pat a panther outside now oh that's a
little weird yeah that died I wouldn't
want to warn you I'm sort of Black
Panther alright I give you $100 you give
me $100 and you get rid of the Panther
but I wanted the Cliff Notes version
I wanted the abbreviated version and
also where's this temple I'm not done
with the translation I'm down
but you translated it into your own
native language can you give us an idea
of I'm not done with the translation
apologize well but but can you give us
what you have so far I have notes in a
real language my mother told ya while
arabic's a real language and so is
Egyptian and hieroglyphics so I could
use that but you will give it to me if
you had the scroll I have described I
have the power and the scroll can the
great sour and the cats
what is this crawl so you you've not
aleut you've basically told us nothing I
mean I need to see some results before I
give you $100 because right now you're
saying the scroll gives you power come
back give me money give me money so far
you've given me nothing except a bunch
of stinky cats that's fair
all right I will show you I learned this
from this scroll and he starts chanting
mm-hmm I take just like an automatic
step back I'm gonna hurt ask Joe sandy
this again is like words that your ears
can't grab this is not a language you
recognize and that has been true of most
magic mmm it's bad it's almost it's
almost musical and he is but he's
clearly reading from a sheet hmm okay
and it don't give us an e you can
make a Cthulhu Mythos roll yeah I don't
have any anybody who does who 88 I mean
I've got it but not 88 where if you have
88 Cthulhu Mythos there along problem
make the rule yeah you don't have to
make it right and I'm not going to tempt
that occasionally my voice of reason
over here so I'm not even there so I
should you know I know
a cult versus Cthulhu Mythos a cult is
like you know I've heard a story about
this Cthulhu Mythos is werewolves exist
and here's you know ideal yeah things
yeah so okay
he starts chanting and so this is a
small room
and a circle starts to appear in the
wall of this room and it starts smoking
geez and he like he's totally focused on
this circle and he's chanting and all of
the sudden he brings a knife to his hand
and he cuts his hand and flings blood at
the circle and when he flings blood at
the circle two little hands I would draw
my knife at this point I I have my
daggers my hands two little hands this
is your last chance to not be in this
room I gave you a sitar I just drew it
or thought I don't know so you draw okay
yeah another scimitar make me a power
roll boy actually let's try these dice
let's see go bridge this hard ice mm-hmm
nope all right still not great so you
draw it out and and you feel like you
feel that like two magnets that don't
align yeah yeah it's going pushing away
two little hands two more little hands
are they green they are furry and black
two more little hands and something or
several things you see are pulling
themselves up through the hole I want to
open the door but I want to see what it
is before I run so as soon as you open
the door he snaps out of it mm-hmm and
there's a you hear a weird squeal and
the circle disappears and in the wall
are six sets of little fingers oh that
are just like dangling and like doing
this just do not open the door don't let
the cats in I'm a little more worried
about what those are you asked me to
show you what the scroll could do didn't
ask you to bring in weird little furry
things that's what my scroll can do I
wanted weird little furry things I'd go
outside so the scroll can bring furry
things to where you are furry things
that is a servanthood
with these with the power in the scroll
I could make that thing dance I could
make it do whatever I want
and for $100 and getting rid of the cats
you could have that same power I don't
know it sounds like the cats are
following you because they they know
something also if you have the ability
to control the servitor why couldn't the
servitor just get rid of the cats for
you it won't why I don't speak its
so you've brought this thing around a
couple times yes and you can make it go
back yes it does whatever I say if I say
go back it goes back now you might have
angered it there and the little fingers
in kind of we didn't do anything you're
the one who stopped so do we have a deal
have I sufficiently proven to you the
power of this scroll excuse us
let's go have a meeting in the courtyard
we need to discuss this is go home
there's a panther out there you said
it's not after us that's what you think
are you not seeing cats everywhere you
go yes we're already seeing cats
everybody they know they know you're
helping me watch out for the cat's eye I
carry these guys with me in a pouch do I
feel anything from them do they do they
give me any know anything yeah I mean
you they've only done stuff when they're
out of the bag yeah okay all right yeah
let's step out in the courtyard I just
opened the door very careful yeah we
kind of slide out that they're very
careful what you do when you try not to
let a cat him yeah there's no longer a
panther
on the wall instead a beautiful
dark-skinned woman is reclining in
almost the same position just like
hello do you have it have what are you
no I
I smell a servitor Oh God
he was trying to bring something in but
we stopped him is he dead
no not yet you have not stopped him yeah
well we stopped him from from that doing
them okay let's pause right there hi who
are you i'm Narus priestess emboss'd if
you don't roll you're about to get jones
blamed nope I got 22 we're still yeah
did that make it no all right good robo
just pretend you got it Oh Joe you can't
help yourself well actually not going
there not going there that best is
tendinitis yeah
goddess much like so back was the
crocodile goddess goddess I tend to
agree with her I mean that was my gut
instinct is take the scroll away from
the crazy man let the crazy man drink
himself into an early grave
well yes but he doesn't have this girl
here why do you know he said to us they
it's not here but he's he's translating
it he does not leave this place
how can he translate it
oh that's a good question damn he
doesn't leave this place underground so
if can you track him underground as if
he goes under there I know this city I
have been in this city for centuries
awesome I know this city my children and
she like she like when she says my
children every cat goes nice my children
see every inch of this city I know
everything about you what did I have for
dinner yesterday she tells you what you
had for dinner yesterday and oh so you
the one who's been following us well
your children I see everything they see
and I tell you this if I do not have
that scroll tomorrow I will tell others
right you take it I mean you can change
from a panther you can control cats you
just take it just go if the door is left
open it's not a great idea why on the
contrary I know doors with it what are
you gonna do with this girl return it to
the temple where it belongs where is
that temple the crazy old man was gonna
you make your own choices if I do not
have my scroll tomorrow I will tell
others I know the rules of the game good
can you explain them to us he can't tell
his men where you are I can tell his men
where you are
okay we've kind of gotten off on a bad
foot here we're not out to hurt you or
take things away from you I have no
interest in doing that we had no part in
the theft and yet you wish to buy we've
all the information in our scroll I'm
very interested in in all kinds of
things Egyptian so I would I would love
to see it
what it is not for you this is knowledge
for Egypt this is knowledge for the
Egyptian people you always come you
always take we've gotten roped into a
fight that's bigger than us where we're
in and into a game where we don't know
the rules we're just trying to figure
out how to play the game without dying
and ever implement the rules for you
greatly
bring me my skills with red morals no
but I'm not talking about your rules I'm
talking about the rules of the game that
we're playing you're threatening us when
we haven't done anything to you and I
think since you know the rules you could
potentially do something for us instead
of just threaten us with bring me the
scroll or else how about bring you the
scroll help us defeat the black Pharaoh
I got a pen but you can as I stand but
you can give us information to help
throw roadblocks in his way mmm-hmm is
that against the rules I mean if you can
if you can counter him it is a great
yeah we want to help we really really do
then why do you wish to buy we're just
trying to find out information
I don't yep to stop the black Pharaoh
that's the only goal because in then
but what I have no guarantee that you'll
help us I pull handle one of your
problems which one she looks at the door
you will not be bothered by me or my
children again listen totally bothered
by you didn't find you yet the kidneys
are cute I'm gonna miss the cats hanging
around if you write right now we should
consult for a second do you really think
you can go anywhere where I won't hear
anything you say can you give us a
minute no power all to resist yeah I
just pull yeah some like knotted up like
a cleat you don't want string pull the
Kleenex and yeah is there like string
out of my pocket and just like fall it
up and just be like wow hankie industry
so several cats will like go dancing
scroll tomorrow or else and she and she
you know get an awfully tired of do it
do it do it yeah I'm gonna do whatever
the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I want or else yeah very tiring
that ends we need to have something that
puts us in a position of do what we want
you to do or else or or even just
cooperate if she'd just cooperated and
give us more some more information or or
anything but it's like no do what I want
or you'll be destroyed and then then
who's gonna help her I mean - I mean to
be fair a drunk dutch guy broke into a
temple of hers and nicker stuff that's
not exactly great yeah that's not a good
look on anyone so white if we leave the
door open she's gonna kill him things
will happen like the killing of you look
hmm
he broke into a place and stole the
thing and there and and and there are
consequences rulings like that apparent
worse than just the thievery it's the
fact that he's dabbling with things that
he shouldn't he created that whole
brought rosy fingers [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and he's just
being like let me show you what I can do
like without any sort of care or concern
for the power that he holds trend so and
plus he's a drunk crazy old man you know
so he could be going around with his
spider finger people all over town if he
feels like just casting chassis yeah and
and who's to say that this thing will
actually stay controlled by yes all
agreed from what little I know of all of
this and all it takes is one slip is a
danger wait that's his name right yonder
yeah young villain is a danger to
everybody so we leave the door open um
interesting our intervention cap
interesting I think that it's a great
idea what would he take that him though
he's easy
I mean religions are weird there were
there were non-muslims yeah in that
mosque is a hospital now okay so you
know they I mean I'm sure they can turn
people away for being poor or something
but you know we probably not there but
we can tell him that they could help him
stay away from the cats I mean it's the
sacred ground of a different God
yes that's near us how she feels about
the sort of autumn Allah did you you've
put the sword away right was the sword
out when you were talking to Narus no I
just yeah I just draw it I just pulled
it to knock it kill not that you will
need these but you have 40 every last
time we're saving after the so you know
oh my god box isn't good enough anymore
I did not know who and perfectly good
I'm still drinking it flavor now to
thanks to Jay Matthews 85 who I always
feel the need I save these will only be
used to kill somebody the other two I
can just use whenever yeah and don't we
have something towards a fire fire has
not been one of those is yeah somebody
does Emma set afire a fire burned
everything down yes that's later today
yeah that's how you get him to leave
yeah I see what told you it to it do
many tenement there's enough I'll gather
down there now there is the three of you
can make can I make it I'm gonna say
make intelligence rolls no probably no I
cannot oh yeah yeah yeah you too
yeah are you know you're struck by
wanting or or wondering what the deal
with that door
is yeah you know what is in what is
keeping those things out of the door you
know why is the door so important so I
didn't feel anything like what I felt at
Eloise's doors so it was not like the
elder sign is there any well we have to
go in and talk to him again we can check
it out when we go back inside I do I do
want to have a look at that door yes
but are we going to tell him that we
need to make this Panther the Panther is
gone yeah yeah he got one other things
that he wanted but are we gonna tell him
that we're gonna return next week with a
hundred dollars because 24 hours is not
next week no I can map that one out of
my your knowledge of the calendar yeah
my ability to count sketchy at best do
we demand to see the scroll do we just
toss the place I mean who can take them
seriously now who yeah we know this
right yes yeah this is not a fair fight
yes yeah at the end of the day he is a
thief who stole from Egypt and is trying
to make money off of it and I can
understand why she's pissed off and Joan
looks very uncomfortable yes I'm sure
but it's still true I mean on the plus
side you've never had a goddess chasing
you this room fruit hey true but how bad
sad actually be if you don't have a
goddess chasing you just the cops it's
it's kind of sad though it means things
I have learnt that that important if you
took the states out once in a while for
those things that we're aware of
yeah affair do we offer him si I can't
make this deal without talking to Nasser
and Hamed what's his name Tomas yeah
offering him in a safe place to stay
you know I can't I can't make it I can't
just make that call
I mean you could just show up with him
and like be like we crazy the door yeah
come to window to please yes I mean
would he cooperate with us and going
that far it was a long way we got rid of
the panther you're not entirely sure you
could find your way again there yeah no
it was minutes
I believe it's getting on towards
evening yes it in there yes we have to
make a decision well you know what you
could do according to some I'll go Torah
you should light a fire because fire is
always a good ideas tonight
I've no idea gun for me just open it's
just easy set that angle right
you're not Bruno over how dare fires
always a good idea yeah his house is on
fire he would have to leave it yeah but
then we could also lose all of the
flammable things when like this girl's
yes and the alcohol that Taylor's just
precious well but she'd be able to
get in and get what she needed if we
left the door open
yeah I want to know what's going on with
that door what does what does he have
going on with that well I don't trust
700 year old cat lady I did
I don't trust drunk yeah I knew both of
them are neither trustworthy nor people
that I'm really in the mood to deal with
right now no but she's just not in the
mood for you but she's the one who was
wronged
even if she's dancing me off by
constantly threatening us I miss all she
understands his threats mm-hmm so do we
go in and toss the place do we go in and
convince him to go with us to them to
the mosque and hope to god we can find
it again we do some of each oh yeah I
was about to I was completely right
there I was like we do all the things
yeah
which one do we start with you make all
the deals yes we start to some revenge
games be able to do that deal another
deal to make I said we want to him and
try to reason with him first and if not
then we go for the toss enough yeah all
right
oh man we should play Ponzi scheme
there's actually a board game called pun
that's sweet that's the only game I've
ever played that made me sweat Wow whole
game is literally I need to take a loan
to pay the loan I have a plaster no give
me one and if you can't pay the loan the
game is over
wow that's the whole game mouths sorry
what does the priestesses actual name
just imagine a panther
yep no that is that is actually if I had
known I could have warned I have won a
great idea to just tell him you know he
missed your return this girl it has to
be returned period just be forthcoming
and just say look you're gonna get rid
of the cats by returning this girl yeah
it's not his yeah yeah he broke into a
place and he stole it yep yeah but
you've got is good enough hand it over
and I'm learning this is not the way to
go I see this going well
nope it's no go with fire there are too
many run-down tenements and too many
poor people who live in Paris we
definitely for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up talking three
tossing tossing stabbing the fire no
yeah somewhere in there knocking what
does commit trash insane asylum insane
asylum fire there you go look are you
guys one of the so stabbing was a head
of insane asylum yes yeah it was alright
it's significantly easier than getting
him to the insane asylum
all right well you know good try go from
column a a little just once more that he
would have he'd have an issue oh no this
poor man unconscious yeah though I'm
not strong three women carrying an
unconscious man we didn't get in this
seems phone number did we first you need
to get him a phone yes
all right so we start with Joan trying
to persuade him persuading him to give
the damn thing back
okay knock back on the door to be polite
for about a half second then open it all
right yeah you who is it if we just
again oh it's the it's the panther come
on yes yes we got rid of the Panther oh
nice very good very good come in come in
all right but carefully yes yes I know
when we close the door I want to try to
look at the back side of it or in the or
or in the door frame or anything that
didn't roll sure it can connect with us
spend some luck that would be 30 points
of luck I'm not playing that game
would you like to push that roll who you
leave the door open for too long looking
at it would you like to push that road
you also have a fair amount of non dry
inspiration I have one dry inspiration
are you let's try it do it go forward to
it much pattern that is not a hard
success but it's a very good target
success so there is definitely
inscription around the edge of the door
that you don't recognize I'm gonna nudge
it down and like point up at it with my
eyes all right it looks it looks like
hieroglyphics
okay you can make a so you can I'll make
you an offer
yes I can make it very obvious that you
are studying this because reading
hieroglyphics is not an easy thing
especially in the faltering high or you
can just get a snap glance and you'll
get some information
no I'm gonna I'm gonna look at it cuz I
will notice it okay
didn't they leave to see him the next
morning isn't it's dark in this room
there's nothing I am going to stop and
yes all right you definitely get the
sense that this is some sort of ward
you are so clearly not a cat person
cuckoo yes you see the scroll taught
me that as well
oh that's why I really really want to
see this scroll I I can even help
because it's one of those things that
that that has become part of my life is
looking at into the Egyptian and in
there staring there the beautiful
beautiful hieroglyphic work and how all
of this works is on for my social skill
here
Oh try I'm persuade or some about
that because you are suggesting he fame
and fortune with you I'm gonna do
persuading all right rule must yes I got
it you definitely made it their
fantastic
um he's you know he's in trip he's like
well you do seem to know he liked su and
you know and what the hieroglyphics say
breedings a myth I mean I could give you
what I've already translated and then
you could do that and I could work on
the new
and that would make it less than a week
huh
take that crazy cat lady why so so you
said it wasn't here but so where we
go we don't go anywhere but but you said
I could see it no I said did I would
give you the scroll that I've already
translate out okay
okay all right you leave this I give you
the whole thing you don't give me my
hundred dollars haha so you're going to
give me a piece of the scroll yes ah all
right so how do we how do we do that
you come back tomorrow and I will have
to scroll it's gonna take you till
tomorrow to get it yes
hmm I've drank a great deal I'd like to
speak what time is it
mid-afternoon 11:30 a.m. am i've been up
for almost 80 hours wow this is my
there's a lot of very substantial looks
going on here well I'm a hundred dollars
is a substantial amount of money and if
I'm helping maybe we could reduce it so
I'm trying to do trying to bring them
with us
you made the charm roll so yeah all
right let's see hmm I could go 75 it's
expensive in in in house no no I I
understand you are not sure this is real
despite what I have shown you little
fingers still doing this you can pay me
all upon delivery I'm not an
unreasonable man hmm
all right so what you're saying is if I
come tomorrow you're gonna give me part
of the scroll yes that you've already
translated yes you don't need you don't
want any help with the rest of it no I
want you to check my work you're going
to translate that to English so that I
don't have to translate the rest of it
into E and then you can do the rest of
it yes I know
so we come back tomorrow mm-hmm I feel
like you're not understanding my plan
because it's so genius it takes us a
little time to get to it sir but thank
you for letting us know about what you
want to do and bring alcohol tomorrow
this will probably be gone mmm well I
was gonna say you know we you know we
can bring some of it back tomorrow for
ya well why would you bring it back it's
here now
I think it's a fair are we good for
today yeah we should go yes yes like
laying on his cot he's half conscious
yeah sure I was let's shut the door
cuz okay yeah we always open it yeah
gotcha so we're gonna step out into the
courtyard okay and close the door yep
all right how long do you think before
he's out twenty thirty minutes he's
there
one cat in the courtyard that's sort of
just looking at you how the rest of it's
going he drank a lot
20 minutes barely I'd say ten minutes
he's snoring I say we wait and open the
door
exactly wait and go back okay I'm gonna
just like go outside the courtyard and
lean against a wall waiting all right
yeah
time passes that give it about 30
minutes I think just to be absolutely
sure and so when we go in what's our
plan that's going to what does it time
down at ransack a place now there's
minutes to discuss that so I think that
would have happened you know some people
pay extra for that but you know we don't
have to do pay $75 I don't know do you
think this girl's actually here
I don't think so from the way he said it
if he if it was actually there he would
have just given it to me you know what I
would have bet when I would that he
sends this that this is the first thing
to go get it that means we have to wait
and watch and see what he does well or
you know tie him up and make him tell us
where it is yeah mmm yeah no hostage
torture situated cementery yeah there's
yeah evil questions coming up but he did
say if I come back tomorrow he'll give
me half of it apart so we just not even
today he said the half mm-hmm he said
the half that he's already translated is
that it okay I don't know if he's
already translated and we wouldn't know
about it and so maybe we can give her
back that's my first question
it won't be the whole thing the second
question is is that normal we're
squirrels are broken in I don't know
much about Scrolls did he tear it in
half or something or could have I mean
you know we found partial scrolls uh-huh
yeah sometimes they're the scroll be in
a case and you'll open it and there'll
be pages if it's really long
okay
usually those pages are like kept around
a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they don't usually come out
but you know with the judicious
application of force we're not talking
about paper papyrus we're talking about
that kind of scroll work so I soon I'd
like to follow him and see where he goes
see if he goes someplace tonight yeah
all day and all night
oh really want to but I feel like we
have no other option unless we just go
in there start slapping him around it's
getting awfully hot it is and but if
Narus can see everywhere he goes and she
can't see him going to this place that's
why I keep thinking it's like well
remember she said he doesn't leave right
it's not be as he could
inter-dimensionally leave just like I
walked through or portal days to it
pyramid or ours Orson the servitor
glanced over at the cat that's watching
us yeah it's just it's it's just looking
right at you yep what kind of a cat is
it
it is a calico he more calicos hey cat
is there a place we can get out of the
shade and get a drink it'll start
walking out of the courtyard okay and
it'll lead you to a little tea place
okay sweetie thank you kitty how you're
indebted give him something and you
have a view of the of the court garden
yeah and the guy who runs the guy who
runs the thing when he brings you her
drinks he leans down and he says all
measum and he puts a little little bowl
all right so yeah we order we order
drinks and just sit and wait and watch
alright so just just kind of some
chit chat with the gentleman who brought
us tea um-hmm has anybody you know do
you see a lot of activity in this
neighborhood
knows it pretty I see a lot of things I
don't see a lot of thing hmm
and the gentleman who lives there do
you see him often don't worry as far as
I know no one lives there so nobody's
coming and going out of that place
besides there's the cats love that
courtyard thank you yeah sounds like a
sandbox in there so yeah it's a cat
still hanging out near us yeah that's
the drink in its cream
it's milk meat so nothing is gonna
happen for the whole day yeah he's not
gonna come out we're gonna zoom to the
Cairo the Egypt museum and it is day
three of your studies of the
Necronomicon
so we wronged you sorry one day the no
no I think we're on so there - was it
eight okay so yeah this will be the
ninth day two day three
okay we're on the way through yeah and
you hey guess what tomorrow's the full
moon yep yep that's we're gonna finish
cuz we're stretching it out for days
because making you pause and use the
bathroom actually that is that is what I
wanted to talk with you about you are
super frustrated because you feel like
every time you stop you have to go back
and reread everything and this this book
just demands the kind of attention that
you gave you know your undergraduate
career where you know you would read for
three days and and you know dr. Kapoor
doctor for cuca for hmm he told you the
first time he read the book he read it
in you know three days non-stop true
mm-hmm and all of this stopping is just
making it hard for its it's making it
take more time
so where is Yousef writing on the book
you're like halfway through yeah I just
didn't feel like he's got a good cancer
problem is so the best analogy I can
give you is if you in German in the
German language the verb often goes at
the end of the sentence which means
reading the sentence is kind of weird
because you read the whole sentence
before you know what the dog did to the
person you know the dog did something to
the person but did it bite them did it
lick them did it whatever you don't find
out until the end and that's what you
feel with this book that there are all
of these threads that you're having to
keep straight and none of them are
resolving and you don't know when
anything's gonna resolve and so every
time you are as you are being like a lot
of your notes are just like what was
that white pillar you know and then
you're like what white pillar it's um
it's it's a it's almost like this book
was written by someone that was insane
mm-hmm what
almost almost okay so not quite nice
what and before like recognizes this and
he's like I can I can I can help so he
needs to study more I can show you a
place I can show you how I read this the
first time no well that would be very
helpful
is there another reading room that's
much better illumination or their chairs
or he looks at you it's not it's not
here where is it hmm
is it within the city it's in a city
he's an ace city yes and you would
recommend it time is a different concept
there oh no I'm really intrigued oh
where is this place
I it is I call it the dream lens I have
a copy of al-aziz that I can read in my
dreams and so when I told you that the
first time I read this book I read it in
three days I was asleep
for three days I was in the dream lands
how did you get the book into your drone
dreams that's very interesting
wait would I have to be in your dream to
do this reading he pulls out he pulls
out a like a flask like a what are they
a test tube a test tube with like a
wooden cork in it with this viscous
white liquid in it let's just give the
read a few more days just a few more
days
you know what will we will increase the
amount of time between breaks what's in
the what's in the flask look like worm
goop so glad this is it is called space
mead so it's it's a type of talking
about to space me sure so I get really
drunk and then I have all it takes is a
sip of this and you will be in the dream
lens I say they'll stay the course
Oh regretfully if we stay the course
it's been three days now and I may be
halfway through the book and I really
don't feel like I haven't worried about
my kid we can always take away we can
always take more time if we take another
three days I may be the same position I
had and you're may still be sane I'm not
saying right now is unfinished I don't
know where it's going
I keep losing track of these things in
my notes are
are a mess they're a mess there's two
different languages when did I stop
writing English and go to Arabic I don't
remember doing that and I I'm still
stuck in the town in the desert I
haven't learned a single ritual on Ihram
Ihram there's all the vicinity of
pillars and every pillar may visit there
and the dream lands as well oh I'm busy
there's so many times in my mind I
trying to picture just a few more days
every time I go back to this book I just
I think I'm seeing something different
more days we can we can we can lower the
amount of breaks it's not drink any
suspicious fluids no wait no flask is
fine that seemed a bit odd though I mean
I essentially what he's implying is that
I don't have to it is not gonna go away
you don't have to well for three days I
don't want you unconscious for three
days so what I'll be reading the actual
version or a made-up version of my own
mind because of a hallucinating based on
a strange alcohol see let's go there's
one way to find let's exactly stay the
course I am I am suspicious that I may
just be imagining the book in my own
head and not reading the real book and
that's the case I think I need to read
the whole book first maybe just one time
it may take an extra day or two and then
once I've read it I can go back into my
own mind you you understand your limits
best will stay the course okay we'll
just we'll just stop for a short lunch
lunch and maybe this snack later on and
yeah yeah and we're staying until like
10:00 like we're doing long we'll stay
as long as we're sorry he'll give you
you know do you have your your
scholarship is impressive I've I've
looked at your notes and I'm very immune
me some insights into things I hadn't
thought about and and so yes you have I
you have full access to this book for as
long as you want
I apologize I only offered this because
I saw your struggle I hope you do not
think that I was in some pits it
okay to keep it as an option and they
definitely appreciate it I think right
now I do want to give it one legitimate
college try to read the entire
manuscript and after that we can explore
the color options perhaps the university
try indeed indeed all right
look at those white clubs and I'll get
back to it alright so you can go back to
that so it is now the evening of the
ninth the ninth okay and you guys have
been sitting at the guy now is bringing
you like hummus and pita hey some olive
mm-hmm it's delicious
yep so do we actually even have any
money on us the cat is asleep yeah okay
so we could get off it so yeah I bucks
if we had to sure okay
so the cats hanging out next to us yeah
the cat's just sleeping under the table
I'll periodically reach down in penitent
its pearl it up a storm I think he's
interdimensionally I hope I'm getting
the stuff but it should be those or has
he sent something yeah that's
inter-dimensionally I'm just wondering
just somebody want to go listen at the
door somebody who has like you had to
quantify it I would say that I am
exceptionally skilled at seeing things
but not hearing so how about you all
right I have a 62 and listen so I'll go
I suppose I'll go are you going alone
well I'm just across the courtyard they
can see me bring the cat question stands
yeah look down at the cat you might come
along buddy it's in the shade what's
sure he does
sure you can you go in the courtyard
make a listen roll yeah ninety nine so
inside you very clearly here
[Music]
yes yes yes that's history
he's aggressively fight aggressively
sleeping that's what we'll call it yeah
does it sound like us nor someone
chewing on him or someone should have a
robbery in sound to it yellow I'm gonna
like turn around and look at them look
and look at Emma and be like okay I
don't know what this means
I haven't here look at my earring oh my
god yeah so I'm gonna leave yeah I said
their coins and go yeah possible just
over there yeah as soon as yes enough
that I can lean over and whisper I can
be like I'll be like it sounds like
someone chewing on something very very
loudly it's not a good sound oh I got
that off at a 99 hey sometimes a fumble
means that what you hear is real but
it's just really not what you wanted to
hear ya there yes so just so we're clear
murder
oh yeah we're gonna kill whatever that I
mean it sounds like something eating
doctor so shoot alright that's I mean
that's you're okay toy I mean that's
what I'm telling the Emma yeah how do I
justify the murder that is to come
that's what I got is the facts are have
you forgotten Who I am not so my take is
that there's an inner dimension or real
sword yeah
killing him right now so I'm basically
on on your come on look out alright yep
John I got is still under the table it
cuz it's in the shade I think I think I
think we drove up in everyone yeah okay
a scimitar yes
the cat-like perks up when you draw that
hmm and it's kind of interested and like
it ambles over to the Courtyard whoo out
of the shade we're interesting than
Shane laughing afternoon naps and you
open the door mm-hmm
I'm not going you're go first all right
you opened the door
okay I have I have two daggers okay all
right it is dark inside though yeah
there's a moment of like adjusting your
eyes and you there is a small figure on
top of the on top of van Hoven and it
humanoid figure is it one of the things
that I like with ladders seems like it
it's it's shrouded it's still like
you're dealing with the light transition
but as your eyes get used to it you
clearly see it looks like a small child
maybe and it is facing the wall where
the circle was and that's what this does
it seem angry you have I mean this is
alien sure emotion like if you were to
anthropomorphize its emotion
the door is still open it's it has not
recognized you at all and Van Hollen is
out I mean 80 hours awake that'll do it
yeah
so I did follow the cat over to just
take a step back shut the door I'm going
to cautiously take a step in then that
starts to move towards the door keep it
open okay then let's go in yeah I'm
gonna like trap the door open with a
foot tyrant so was it even if someone
tries to shove it closed okay it'll be
against my foot all right
the cat wants to enter the room all
yours buddy
yeah not yet the thing get off of him
all right so you yell at the thing oh
yeah I think we're gonna go to
it's not a long time actually before we
go to initiatives you yell mm-hmm and
like it looks kind of like here we go a
monkey okay put a monkey with huge white
glowing eyes okay
and it has six arms nah and are they the
black arms other though yeah
again or the finger there's currently
missing finger like all of them have
their fingers cut off here and that's
what it was doing is it was like
grabbing at the fingers I'm trying to
get the body and it has its let its legs
are like monkey paws and they have
they're like currently holding Van
Heflin like standing over him and it's
just like it looks like this thing was
guarding him or something hmm
okay so not in ninety good lord the cat
zips into the room and it goes right
under the bed okay that's for you yeah
that's a cat thing it's it's a tea it's
it's an entry in on an 80 the servitor
will go under the bed as well there's a
party on to the bed that we're not dive
under the bed I can spot hidden well
actually we'll do that on your
initiative see I was 80 70 75 yeah III
would love to do a spot hidden to see if
I can figure out what that what they're
going after are you gonna look under the
bed yes okay make a spot hit mole no all
right yeah it's impossible to see I
thought like this room it is so even
with the door open at uh-oh doors why no
and I'm sorry you know so okay that's
why you don't get to see as much because
you're keeping your foot in the door
trying to like lean down
this low bid to see what's going on
there's noise in there and you hear on
my thing 70 60 65 65 about 65 a spot
hidden role yes there are more cats than
you've ever seen just coming over the
wall headed towards the door oh oh okay
I say get out of the door they're coming
no and I'm not gonna try to push her and
the Panther is now coming like is now
coming okay all right and the Panther
like looks at you and it's all right um
I'm gonna jump over her leg and smack
the the doctor I was just calling for us
or smack the doctor around and just be
like wake up wake up you've got to go
and try and pull his fat all right this
is gonna be an opposed I'm gonna call it
a strength versus his con rule okay
unless you have another role you'd
rather do like sighs or oh you Gore like
if you want to like use calm and be
yelling at him or something you know
whatever offer me you can offer me a
role drink roll okay I mean I don't know
yeah drink roll chairs I mean I don't
you're great but then huling will beat
you in a laugh and take my flask do it
under as you know a clash of the titans
yeah like smelling salt or whatever to
get the old man to come come - all right
okay I don't know what that would be uh
let's call it on a drink roll let's call
that a deck so I'll take decks what is
it ready to get it under him yeah
intelligence oh yeah twenty nine
actually made it he willed so yeah you
like you grab a bottle and you just wave
the jeweler like his eyes focus on that
door I'm like the sliver of light yeah
I'm like we've got to go okay I'm just
like we're back to the top of the lineup
but before we do Jay Matthews no 585 huh
what are you doing he's got 500 bits
only for the servitor oh I know good
little guy who used to beat up but I
mean I'm assuming it says for the
creature I'm assuming it's for the
surrender and not for the cats but
there's a lot of cats coming man
Matthews gifted five subscriptions yeah
all right so on a 90 the cats go unless
you stop the cats are pouring in I'm
leaving I am embracing the door open all
under the bed again invited under the
bed you hear him is the bed black moving
no okay the servitor they're all small
enough like these are all very small
things so small food
yeah the the whatever that servitor
thing like that noise is universal that
is pain the servitor is not like feeling
some serious pain there I mean cat claws
though yeah Oh two on an 80 the servitor
use that it's brie she's inspiration
it's good use this come on buddy
oh nice all right Tim I'm on about a 72
cats come flying out all under the bed
babies it's just like throw it it's
throw it's trying to throw cats out from
under there
75 I will always go for the cats over
and we're lucky thing yeah Rocky
yeah right yeah
I'm still like bracing myself against
the door and holding it there's an
anther coming at you yep it's not coming
at you threatening me like guys giving
her what she wants I'm not I'm afraid
but I'm also like if I'm gonna die it's
because you're you're a traitor is
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did you want me to take over the
door duty but no all right it's me yeah
yeah all right it's true I do not want
you taking over the door I have an idea
gotcha gotcha gotcha gotcha okay so
I'm gonna I want to go in and try to see
what's happening under the bed for sure
okay it's very crowded this room is full
of cats and you know you you'd be
she gave me a look give me a look I
might have a look so I'm not I'm not
gonna do that but I'm gonna scoot into
the house though and so I'll be over in
the corner and see if I can if they know
you're trying to get again getting into
broke a party's gonna be hard all right
I would you know all right so the pie
I'm gonna check 6:00 then I'm going to
make sure that you know there's just
cats as far as the eye can see okay like
you see them coming down the road over
there they're coming over here just cats
are cut so I just say incoming so I've
got him by the collar and I'm like where
he's well horrified we've got to go
where's the scroll grab the scroll and
let's get out of here
cool tell her to close the door [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we
can there's to it they're already in
here they're cats yeah I know I don't
understand why you're afraid of them
grab the skull scrolling I'm afraid of
the panther here she comes
well she's and Yahoo as he said that
rate of the panther like the Panthers
head just like pushes the door aside
because your foot is not enough room for
it to get in yeah
and so it's just like shoulders and sway
all right honestly I'll help her shove
the door oh yeah well then I have this
girl and let's go it's one you Douglas
you shouldn't be meddling with these
things you shouldn't be reading this
you're right you shouldn't you shouldn't
be using it it was it's under the bed
being mauled by cats the scroll is where
my servant are under the bed the
servitor can bring me the scroll Hugo
Hugo Lord all right yeah on a 90 the
Panther is now in the room taking up all
of the available rooms yes and the
Panther will like a twig snap the bed
the Panther is just like smack and the
bed just goes crunch oh and you hear
gross noises underneath there
geez make a ditch yeah I was about to
say me and the fat man probably take a
tumble
that's my decks ya know I miss it
alright so yeah you both go take a
tumble with the bed van Hooten is
surprisingly spry but he is you know he
was lying down so that does him no
favors 80 the servitor there's like a
sad sort of like noise that was 80 75
I'm gonna go get him go for Emma to get
her up yeah okay sure
now in that note the Panther pens in the
river than my job there was a crack in
yes yes yes there's now I'm gonna push
my yeah yeah behind the panther yeah
yeah oh yeah you see I see the the bed
has been crunched down it's crushing
whatever's under there am i inventor
luck well she's helping them well and
then who knows what's gonna happen after
that but I'm gonna help them up alright
yeah you're helping then who'll enough
so yeah you can do something I want to
slap him well I'm good
actually you're just gonna slap there
then no I'll save that for later that'll
be my parting move all right but I'm
really just done with him so I'm just
gonna get off of him and just get up and
she gives you up so you can be other
room yeah okay I don't want to be out of
the room but I want to be back towards
the door and be like this brought you
brought this on yourself all right sure
that's perfect yeah
Joan is like holding him and you're just
looking at him this like saying stuff
and he he has the face of a man who
knows he's dead he'll he'll look at
he'll look at you he'll just go my notes
are in the drawer and then if nobody
does anything else the Panther is just
gonna like bleep on him I'm gonna go
grab the drawer all right yeah you go
you head for the drawer they don't seem
to care about the notes suite and the
Panther is if you stay in the room
you're gonna watch a panther devour at
me no yeah no but I'm gonna grab the
notes okay are you closing the door when
you leave no she can't get out we'll
trap her in here her and that's that's
rude yeah no I like leave it in she was
rude to us yes but she's also really
powerful and I'd like to not piss her
off all right so you flee the scene
you have the Dutch notes okay cool and
you have not had to listen to a pant
that you hear in like the first vestiges
of his death screams and you are out of
there
cool cool that seemed fun Sarah
unsuccessfully on ceremonious but
they're in touch can you read that well
we could get a translator yes but I
recommend we don't translate at any time
9:00 between now and when we leave we'll
figure it out
there are no cats following you well
sweet are there any cats that are that
are nearby as we keep guys we go did we
pass any way through I'm like bend down
to into one of them deck Hey
we helped you tell her to help us and
then okay and ask our bus please don't
really really use the assist
sure okay nice yeah and you head back
to your hotel mhm okay and you know that
was a lovely afternoon Tuesday so they
don't come back until almost midnight
the gentlemen don't come back until
almost midnight how do you think it's
going in there I at this point I don't
I'm very concerned about what they're
doing and where it's gonna end up I know
how many other people are gonna come
after us now wanting to kill them
because they've read the elaziz I mean
even though you guys gotta study well
but he's not stealing it he's not
leaving with it he's being handed it by
someone who is a curator of this in the
city of the nation he bebe belongs here
and he's welcoming yosef into this for
better or worse yeah for crazier worse
well there's that but I don't think
it'll incur any one else's
wrath as far as like crazy scary panther
lady to come in after it cuz they said
it's for its for Egypt and Egyptians
mm-hmm well until he starts using it or
using it inappropriately
there you go and then well I mean this
is this knowledge as far as I can tell
has been used inappropriately by people
including Egyptians for hundreds of
years so this won't be anything new at
least well if there's something seems
less about whether it's inappropriate
and more about who's doing it yes okay
yeah yeah cuz like my whole thing is
right now i am a white english person i
am getting out of the way you do your
stuff very rare I know I'm way
interested in this stuff so I'm just
diving in whatever you know I'm just I'm
just kind of still confused a little bit
about where the scroll really is yeah
well he said that his servitor could get
it yeah so I'm either assuming it's
hidden somewhere and these things can go
anywhere they want yeah and it could be
anywhere
interdimensional maybe it could also
just be buried under the bed you know
they don't know right you could buy
anywhere right like I was looking to
if there was a trapdoor under the bed
but there was kind of a lot going on get
in in the beginning so funny line but
it's a good episode title so sure the
the Occam's razor answer was welcome to
treasure around then whatever yeah the
the the Occam razor's answer is it was
it was in a box under the bed or
something like that yeah the far more
likely and we keep running into this
answer is he had a way to get into
another world to get it well he did he
did say something about that the
servitor can can can get it when and
when we saw the servitor comes come that
wall so yeah I have been being kept
somewhere else which means that we're
gonna hear about this again and I'm just
so looking forward to that conversation
so about midnight they come trumping in
he looks exhausted he looks worried I am
Sylvia but you pretty much like just go
right to sleep you know it's like I got
to get up in the morning and go this
again I'm gonna pour some want to a
drink yeah and maybe like I'm not gonna
stay awake for too long but I will not
drink I don't want it to go bad how are
things going in there they're they're
going slowly and it's frustrating for
him but I'd like to play it safe does he
seem like he's losing and in connection
to the real world no no I I think it's
uh
I get the feeling that it's going to be
something of like an epiphany at the end
and then we'll see what happens
hopefully he's just prepared and and
organized and whatever happens isn't too
much of a shock I but I don't know well
I can't imagine it's very interesting
but you're doing good work in there
mostly I'm just trying to make sure he
eats and sleeps so when it happens his
body isn't in a awful place it's nice
alright is anybody doing anything
tonight
the morning of the 10th Dawn's and it is
another very hot morning you guys head
back to the museum
yes pregnant let me get breakfast first
sure yeah sorry and what are you three
doing so I've got a little problem
problem called a girdle
now fooled around with this guy
Vann who've won for three days out of my
ten days mm-hmm
still looking for a tech glue Pole okay
what exactly did it old stone face say
to you that I need to steal the girdle
uh-huh it's throw it in the river and
then I don't know I mean you're done
yeah and then people won't die you guys
want to die okay
so thinking about this girdle situation
we got I like that the girdle situation
thinking about that however I can't stop
thinking about that story in Exodus
about Moses being put into the Nile and
sent into a Queen's arms it was not
familiar never energy I cannot stop
thinking about it and then yes yeah yeah
I cannot stop thinking about that and
it's worrying I don't because it went I
mean at least in the story he went
straight into the arms of a queen and it
wouldn't surprise me at all if this is
the way to get it out of somewhere safe
and then just into the into the hands of
people we don't want it and you know but
then what do we do because again there's
hundreds of thousands of people who will
die technicalities I'm sure there's got
to be so you know in our usual fashion
I'm just sort of spitballing here what's
gonna happen
it's usually us so we successfully get
the girdle a long stretch but we'll go
with us okay okay unsuccessfully get the
girdle what happens if we you know what
we're gonna end up lighting it on fire
this is what's gonna accidentally happen
it'll all probably potentially all of it
and will never come back to Cairo
so that town - no Chris I've never been
here I don't need to come back it's too
bad we can't borrow it dip it in the
Nile and take it back I can't like it
wait a minute that's an idea though you
have to put it into the Nile yeah but
then we have to get it back out in the
Nile who says that someone else couldn't
pull it back out this is like a
breakfast discussion all right you guys
are already back it's their problem yeah
have we seen any cats by the way no okay
because I've been keeping an eye out for
them no you're not thinking I appealed
and you have not seen anything they're
not keeping up there under the bargain
no they're not yeah not yes all right so
what if we did that what have you got it
into the river and one of us will just
downriver and grab it
I mean can we attach it to a string
maybe sure okay
sure no just so it just so it doesn't
get away I think in them you can't get
to it yeah or something else takes it at
least we have some leverage to get it
back I do not trust that is just gonna
sink into the bottom of the Nile and
someone and no one will ever touch it
again well I don't trust that some crazy
six legged monkey thing is not gonna
come out of the mile six like an
alligator thing alligator monkey thing
is not gonna come out and grab it and
take off yep alligator monkey team yep
so I think we can't judge what happen
now unikitty is gonna grab the girdle
bring it back to us that's exactly
what's gonna happen
cheese yeah yeah with a good Chianti but
I I so okay
following what the Pharaoh told you you
have to put it into the Nile yes I don't
want to just leave it in the Nile No
so I'm even suspicious about throwing it
into the Nile same like I be is there
Danny I knew more about but is there a
wordplay where I could be like actually
when you said Nile I thought you meant
like through it so are you lying about
denial yeah except I threw it it denial
everyone in this city is gonna die but
it won't be our fault
speaking of technicalities huh you know
what you know what I wish I wish don't
wish to much but go ahead so that we
could talk know now that when I would
have helped her Narus she's gotta know
something about this girdle
there's too many connecting threads she
knows the game should happen is there a
cat temple well we could go back to the
person's two guys it's like going back
to New York
Oh is Courtney going to his courtyard
can I can I can I just tell you from
personal experience you do not return to
the scene of where someone died very
recently unless you want to be the one
in iron is true true
um well where else do cats gather golly
and garbage cans alleyways porches
restaurants at least they're not wanted
there is that the restaurant though is
across from his house when the old went
to okay he he talked to you he gave
you he told you it was in like what a
sewer yeah he said it was an old town
car yeah yeah scroll know that anyway
hmm can we go back to talk to you um
cuff or do you think he'll be any help I
if we come in and tell him that we want
the thing no we're looking for the
temple of Baha vast vast vast beast okay
I gotta each other oh I am losing track
of names there are too many names to
keep track of he might be helpful we
could ask him if there's that sort of
temple I think that we I think that we
are grabbing at too many things and we
don't know what hot irons were pulling
out of the fire yeah badly mix a
metaphor then our only other option is
to go to it Ben Toulon and talk to you
Ahmed nessam I think that we try to find
out what we can about a library yeah
what a newspaper yeah you know papers
can also be sources true well I I do
want to try and track down the priestess
if we can and so on to her right we
should be able to find a temple or a
place if you feel like if you find it
that you can say hey we'd like for me
yeah exactly you know I'm just I'm gonna
be keeping an eye out for cats as we go
through Murray I suggest that we go to
the alleys like right around our hotel
and things like that and find a cat okay
I'll do it
I'll get the can of tuna sure yet you
can you leave the hotel and you easily
find a cat and what do you want to tell
it I'm not like like crouched down and
and look at the cat meg hey we we helped
yeah we don't know the rules of this
game and there's a few things that we
really need to know about before things
explode we would like to meet with Narus
if at all possible can you tell her to
send someone for us or take us to her
the cat starts to move and it looks back
at you it clearly wants to fall right
let's go you follow this cat for like a
long time yes and you are getting into a
worse and worse neighborhood boy I am on
this and at a you know there comes a
point where the cat goes down a set of
stairs to a door mm-hmm
and it like scratches at the door it's
not a scratch at the door I'm gonna walk
up enough to the cat and just tap with
with a knuckle okay the door there's the
cats just looking at the doorknob can we
can jiggle the door look at look at the
cat look at the doorknob it's looking at
the doorknob if you say so man all right
so you open the door and you are in a
cellar and the cat goes to the left and
goes down another stair and there's
another door okay
i'ma look at the cat look at the door
not want me to open this one to push it
open all right
you are you you are now you know in some
sort of subterranean paths and as we've
done that is there anything that we see
on the walls or anything or is it just
not very much nothing yet okay I'm
looking so this is probably a street
that Cairo built over and then you're
walking on and you are going through
this area and you start to see more cats
around cool and you you're lost this
is just a maze of everything you're just
following this cat yep and the cat makes
a turn and you come into a small room
it's it's very small like all of you the
three of you have trouble fitting in
there and there is a small altar and
there's a cat with its paws like this
and its paws is they say scroll like a
black scroll and standing behind it is
Narus you wanted to talk and with that
we're gonna go to break uh-huh uh-huh
so we've got a libres Arcana dice give
right now hashtag chaos to get those
dice and we will be back as soon as six
people can use one bathroom will be
going to break as soon as Thomas is at
you
[Music]
looks right at sun his head said how did
you get here 10 min i'm still dreaming
no I slap you in the back of it I mean
you are I get that later if the morale
is low just just like anything what do
you propose I do let's say if Clint
forgets to prep something should I tell
him he's pretty no loser opens the door
and Bonnie are you done with that yet do
you need some help yeah okay yeah uh
actually no it's it's all done right got
it it's kind of thank you got it you are
doing a great job
Thank You Bonnie it's character well
done you're right we might have another
devil that's true chaos of our cast and
Heflin upload with one exclamation point
[Laughter]
that's the selling point of half land
that's how they else out self Disney my
son do you know the difference between a
Catholic and a Protestant I know that
you both believe in and this Jesus
Christ and that you have a split in the
church that happened many centuries ago
and then or hundreds beers yeah
[Laughter]
entire speaking normally for the sake of
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
purpose and roster and I shall take the
dinghy you too shall take the strap-on
yes exactly so the first attempt so you
kind of you jump on his back and you're
like trying to get the loops around here
you start kind of choking him a little
bit
you see you've kind of got like reins
you're like oh this will work starts
choking you hmm
get off did he say tight out okay and I
jump down hold on maybe we need to plan
[Laughter]
hello everyone and welcome to cardboard
and chaos we are the Kaos agents we're
not due night we're playing Arkham or
the living card game hey everyone we're
gonna drop the beats let's do this right
now super white guy channel here for
some natural one so we'll go ahead and
get going because it's already 10:30
thank you guys very much for joining us
well I'll see you next week and thanks
for starting your week off right with a
he's only a dead saving throw I will she
was in the dice she was in the dog kind
of decided turn up the chance no it's
the NAT one that's the way he dies
yeah but yeah
raucous your life just slips away in a
cloud of blood around you I make eye
contact with the shark before I die
you see Remy on it yeah you see Remy on
top of it and your body floats to the
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
welcome back Internet friends sorry that
break took a little longer than usual
life life yeah you know we are back and
cupcake Cora won the dice that is an
awesome name congratulate our trying to
cupcake e there's a little sparkling
there's very blue sprinkles or jimmies
depending on what part of the country
you're in in there I've learned
something new today and it wasn't barkos
are called yes ice cream and yeah stuff
like that yeah there's a fascinating
Harvard did a whole study on the
regional aspect of language and that was
like a survey and they said you know
what do you call athletic shoes and some
part of the country calls them trainers
or mix or sneakers or ten a runner's and
like you know there are some word like
it's coke versus soda versus pop there
as well and one of my one of my favorite
ones is that everyone will Alaska calls
what you guys call snowmobile a snow
machine we all call them snow a nobody
that wasn't on the but what about you
need to make snow up in Alaska what do
you call it proper snow I mean we do
sometimes and there are machines for
that but what an early they call them
their snow makers makers that's absurd
you know that how works much more
evocative no 'mobile
so YouTube we have this awesome deck of
steampunk Cthulhu resurrection cards
thanks to Julie here who brought these
in and let's see maybe this will never
work
it's a cool picture it's a it's a
steampunk Cthulhu as it as it says Oh
neat and so we are gonna be giving these
away and we'll tell you YouTube how you
can get these at the end of the episode
we can rebuild Cthulhu you can make him
that's not throw the monkey wrenchers
never had a kill switch in there oh I
liked it the kill switch yes there is I
have that switch right he's tired of
killing everyone well it's a kill switch
we follow by Pacific yes that's on us
yep that's that's on us so our three
intrepid ladies are in a small temple of
bast huh
somewhere in the middle of nowhere Cairo
in in the the wrong side of the tracks
there's not even tracks here there's no
and Narus is before you and she looks at
the scroll and and she says you you have
my things you got it back I'm glad we
weren't sure if it was actually there or
not it was under the bed Occam's razor
cool horse it was it it required a
little persuasion to get him to tell us
where it was but we greatly appreciate
all of your help and now how can i how
can we help you we are playing in a game
that is multi universal and beyond our
comprehension and we don't know what the
rules are and we're grasping at straws
trying to find any way forward but we're
running to run in the dark and any
assistance that you can give us to help
us figure out what the rules are would
be tremendously helpful well I I told
you one of the rules that I know mm-hmm
that he cannot tell his minions where
you are because he knows where you are
at all times they must find you through
hee hee cannot be seen to exert
influence over personally over your
success or failure she'll look at you
and she'll say but I should be clear
constants like mathematical constants of
a sort yes and what about the people who
travel with constants they are covered
by many of the same rules but not all of
people who travel with constant says it
1 2 constants mathematical concept
how can people travel do you think
mathematical concept do you know the
concept of many universes yes there are
people who exist in all of them
and those people are called constants
because they are constant from one
universe to another Oh interesting
so were posed is what you're saying cuz
the because we're not constants well all
of you only if I accidentally blow up
the world again it's like two of us
Maris look see constants for example
yeah I mean or other things that I have
problems with okay wait so you're saying
that there are some so people who are
convinced around the universe's this at
dinner I think nurses time would be
better served yes my name is very
interested in this conversation I'm sure
he will her but I think your time would
be better served
holding right under the bargain I see so
the rule promise you will get more all
right all right it has a success or
failure that applies both for his forces
and your forces but he's awfully
manipulative I mean the rules definitely
have gray areas so how does the girdle
of nighta Chris factor into his success
or failure if the girdle is worn by a
constant and that constant is sacrificed
Nitra Chris will be resurrected oh he
didn't tell me about the sacrifice part
he just said that if a constant war the
girdle then the constant would become
knighted Chris I will caution you to not
wear it well yeah I mean I'm skinny
enough no I will caution you to not
think that you are the only constant no
no and I don't think anybody should put
this on but is that what he's after
like why is he asking why is he
basically blackmailing me into stealing
and throwing it in the Nile what's the
end what's the end of that resurrection
of night Icarus okay nine Chris's his to
be his bride oh great you gotta wear it
yes so disgusting wait so whoever wears
it must be sacrificed her first yes so
if you put it on you're dead that's it
so why throw it in the Nile cuz if
somebody's gonna pick it up and then
they're dead to send it to probably
someone else who's a constant and bring
why doesn't he just have that person go
steal it don't get it I may not be able
to influence that person directly mm-hmm
but he's gonna make them put the girdle
on so he can yeah I thought I knew a lot
about the culture really did so he told
me that if I don't steal it and throw it
in the river
that he's basically gonna like destroy
most of Cairo oh he's quite serious well
how do i how do i stricken bent this how
do I how do we rules lawyer yeah how
do we how do we use the rules to just be
like well I stole it and I put it in the
river and just cuz you couldn't do the
thing you said you were gonna do that's
it is a very dangerous thing to try to
trick a trickster it is but then our
choices are seen added Chris raised or
destroy a good section of Cairo neither
of which we want to see yes you are in
an unfortunate situation kind of like in
the girdle on a string thing again yeah
yeah I mean tricking a trickster there's
there's lots of stories about that and
if it goes well so that nothing else it
you can any hints er anything you can
give us that would help I mean from my
perspective the resurrection of night
Chris is far less dangerous than the
destruction of Cairo
good night Oh Chris once resurrected
then be then be destroyed and how would
you do that
Oh Christie I mean if she's resurrected
I don't remember the story although she
she will likely be very powerful mm-hmm
wasn't she working against the
blackphone no she was trying
she came much later than the black
Pharaoh and she was trying to
reinstitute much of what he bring great
so yeah he that's why he wants her
bright and you are aware unsure that the
black Pharaoh is an aspect of a far
greater being yeah we were told that one
of it was one of five mm-hmm yes and
those aspects do not necessarily work
well together that's now now it's yeah
my enemy is my friend my enemy's enemy
is my friend that's not really I don't
really need to be bringing other
powerful beings into creation just to
fight the black Pharaoh is is that what
you are suggesting find the bloated lady
and bring her to fight him no I was
merely telling you that the various
aspects do not necessarily cooperate
where the different cults that are
associated with each aspect will from
time to time work together but I believe
the the sort of internecine warfare of
the cults and that is perhaps something
Thomas are you alright that was funny
it's you know it's like it's like the
car guys were back he's buried under
some bad guys don't worry Thomas is fine
everything's fine yeah if anyone from
cal/osha is watching but no one has been
injured at this site
he knows his ladder safety you you
and you should seek out you should seek
out nori the Sartre will lead you to
nori and they will help with the fight
the enemy of my enemy yeah mmm
asbestos art is no enemy best art is
immortal you all remember the name
Warren BES art heard that name I can't
play such he was he was the supply guy
for the car Lila
oh okay but how how powerful and unruly
is nori you know just because we unleash
one nori is immortal and is not very
powerful at all okay so then her power
has waned so then what is the advantage
of seeking them out information more
info okay yeah perhaps perhaps
assistance but the information is king
I'm out do you agree well I mean outside
of killing 90 crisps for me hmm I would
not want to see what happened if that
helping you like this for a cost is the
sort of game he acknowledges and
understands that's within the rules
killing night Icarus would would would
be announced would be taking a side
mm-hmm in a way that I am not
comfortable with but we've already taken
do you not understand that now I know
neroli understand I've been trying to
not acknowledge up there it's so big you
are
we are the other side where the
opposition yes and you must operate as
such so you want to let me take a look
at that scroll what ma'am Oh have you
learned nothing should we just grab her
arm and arms yep she's facing this way
were the other way like right now I'm
not even there and I want her like back
away but I have been tremendously
helpful thank you do not go to Kenya
where's-where's thought where's nori she
is it a she and nori is in Egypt
okay that's art will tell you where okay
but do not go to Kenya only death awaits
you there death and rebirth
no what sort of rebirth what is not
yours house must say do I get better
shoes in this one what's there can you
tell us you know what's there
I stroll in your arms a little bit no
and she is she's a cat okay and she like
dips into a bunch of other cats and they
all crawl away all right
it's is there we have a cat to lead us
out yes yeah cool the same calico will
how's that close I get it but they've
had so much stolen from them I wasn't
trying to steal yes but what does it
look like all right
well and also what we've seen of it I
mean just again just to go back to
defending logic here for a minute it is
the end of the universe yeah exactly
I'm a defender of logic young in which
universe infinite number may have one of
them somewhere somewhere I'm smart um
everywhere you're smart even a professor
Emma look at what this world did to van
van John you gotta help him yeah what's
his name yeah yeah that's a Tian vilem I
mean he was crazy
he had that creepy little thing that was
protecting him he opened up portals to
nowhere that's really that's cruel
doesn't need to be read by any she's
thinking it would help us you know if we
had some more things that would help us
fight I mean you guys were talking about
these constants and fighting and we're
being on the side against the black
Pharaoh we need more we need more things
to help us and I thought
that would be a good thing I mean
knowledge is our best tool in this fight
I absolutely agree however this is a
culture that has had a very great deal
stolen from them by us and I'm not going
to perpetuate that we have 500 bits but
it's conditional oh we have so many
conditions we have this one I'm only
gonna give you this is 500 bits from 40
to 42 level 42 I all my jokes are 80's
bands yeah there's something about you
big this is 500 bits if you drink the
white goo here's the good news
question Kaos has already got the bids
yeah here's the question if you went
second pass of the book and it's worried
that at the end of the day the boy will
get the bits and we can't use them so
was it
we'll see how we'll see how the library
work these guys okay you can take that
available put this you can tear it to
space with you yeah you drink it you're
a train think of it is a astral train
ride no trip to the stars
hmm Starlight Express oh you're not
losing your mind on my watch Wow
so I strongly urge you to not simply
give him the 500 day hands super pointy
yeah
so you come out of this area and you
recognize that you're kind of close to
the mosque
I've been tooling do we even go I mean
at this point time to burn down a mosque
all right here's here's what we know
peace be unto Him it's a hospital all
right here's what we know this girl is
in the mosque and presumably is being
that sounds very much like a title that
is you know protect the damn thing
he was the sword the bit and he was big
that was a one of them oh I remember yes
if he if if if our dear adversary gets
it he's going to bring his queen back if
we don't get it a good portion of Cairo
I don't want to die
I cannot imagine them giving up this
thing that they have protected without a
fight you know this is how we like this
already
double Ds have been had but Joan perhaps
you know somebody in the artifacts world
and throw it into the river yeah you
know a guy sure
you know guy in Cairo yeah who
specializes in taking museum pieces and
replacing them you know so that pieces
and museums are fakes and you can sell
the real one hold on though
what Narus could smell the servant thing
right mm-hmm
what's to say that as soon as the black
Pharaoh touches this thing he doesn't
know he'll know he'll know as soon as
soon as he gets anywhere near it or
anyone gets anywhere near that it I mean
we've wheel [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah that's right he
knows all the wheezes that we are know
you all feel the buzz of power whenever
we're near that stupid headband or the
or the staves we all can feel that that
buzz this girdle thing if it's if it's
going to bring someone back to life was
a lot of well well we did your is a to
each would but how we're into a sword
why not into a fake girdle oh my god I'm
loving this make Joe make an
intelligence for Joe and make it because
elder sign on the actual girdle talking
about making another great girdle
magical wick you made a thing yeah it
blocked unearthly things
yeah well then we don't have to get the
real girdle yeah but that's just about
the black Pharaohs reminding you of the
black bear told you you could just go to
them basically tell them this and they
will give it to you
I forgot what are they tell me to tell
them yeah then tell them that Kyra I'm
gonna burn oh yeah
yeah you're right here he I believe it's
exact words where you're a hero tell
them you will protect it all you have to
do is lie yeah I have to do this but
give up everything you believe Kate but
we have don't talk but then we can ever
love the Jacqueline Alexandria is
throwing stones from inside Glass Houses
yes those people furlough I know it's
like that's why we let Joe Toye
situational ethics yes yes but but no I
think that but I also really enjoy the
fake Colonel with the elder signs uh
IIIi love the idea of putting another
sign under the real girl yes that's an
amazing idea yes if we can get it if you
can get it but if not we have a backup
mm-hmm
so did we go talk to him I don't know we
could go talk to him or we could table
it for a day and talked to miss art I am
going to suggest that when we go and
talk to al camed yep that we take one of
one of the one of the boys with us sure
so that we have oh yeah that's right the
holy man yes yes agreed agreed agreed
agreed glad you thought of that it was
very uncomfortable around us and even as
much as he wanted to help yeah true yeah
I'm that note however it's getting dark
let's get out of here all right okay
good call are you gonna
should we set we don't know where this
art is do we or no sorry so you know in
you could you could try you know one of
the you could try if one of you could
convince the French Embassy to like tell
you where cuz when Nationals ago
somewhere they have to tell them where
they're gonna be or you could try
like the police or a newspaper newspaper
would be first we could do that I could
get somebody to help us I think I think
newspaper and then the the embassy so
there is the the Cairo bulletin what's
what is there is there a yellow
newspaper the Cairo bulletin is the more
it's not quite a tabloid but it's never
really no journalism be more yeah yellow
it's also the
stort the one that had stories about the
Carlisle expedition that you have found
let's go find that yeah it's more
celebrity a Steve bulletin bulletin yes
so you go to the bulletin you are you
are showing it's it's a relatively small
office and and you you three come in and
there's a person at the desk and how can
I help you young ladies we're looking
for a few things we would like to
specifically find any information that
you have any articles or any whereabouts
for mr. Warren miss arts and then also
any any paperwork or anything that you
have reporting on the Carlisle
expedition oh of course of course and
all of the sudden boozing out of a side
office is I know the use of your is a an
immaculately dressed probably too fancy
very Egyptian this guy is like if
Youssef liked women he would be wait
what if Youssef knew what a woman was he
looks at you like Youssef looks at
dinner he he comes out so the Yousef
comparison is this is the utterly
Anglican eyes de Gyptian he is you know
he's wearing like an evening jacket in
in the office with a you know and he's
got a little sherry tumbler and he comes
out he says Ashante mademoiselle's I am
Nigel Wasif how can I help you I hear
you saying names that Nigel works with
the Carlisle expedition yeah I'm very
interested warren vests art
I've met him whoo he's French and what
can you do about the French haha yes
what indeed what I mean what I'm English
that's why I just give you that yes bass
artists he's an opium addict he'll do
anything for his next fix good to know
but if you wish to find him mm-hmm
all you have to do is go to dinner with
me
dinner with three lovely flowers of
England would be wonderful and would you
be in inviting him as well you're
American even better I'm English they're
American
totes you know what make a luck rule Oh
No 94 what I don't wonder if it's worse
that he would yeah I honestly don't know
because I'll get a drink that's really
awkward when people recognize her yeah
decide if you know what I think it would
be worse are you oh no are you huh I'm a
her are you an opera singer mm I used to
be oh now you simply must let me take
you to dinner
I am a huge fan of yours let me tell you
when Erika Carlisle came to Cairo she
brought me one of your records and she
said I had to listen to it really she
loves you and I listened to it and your
voice your voice was ah it it moved me
and any friends of yours especially
friends as lovely as this
our friends of Nigel's well Nigel it is
a great pleasure to meet you and I think
we will accept your dinner invitation
absolutely oh very good very good
he takes you to the the the club the
gentlemanly club gentlemen's club of a
you know like yes it is this is a a
supper club for you know that it's super
English it's like they this is where all
the expats go and that sort of thing and
for Yosef take off my vest yeah use it
and he will you know he'll during the
course of the evening he you know he won
you both want your wine and dine wining
and dining and he'll give you you know
he'll give you an address for Warren bus
art although it's a very curious address
it is the Red Door the street of
scorpions and he he once again warns you
that best art is a drunk everybody can
make me a psychology rule yeah nope nope
everything's fine okay is he drinking
too much can we get him to drink more
this you get an advantage die on your
psychology role oh god that doesn't
matter
maybe yeah but I have the base so it
still doesn't make it so oh I'll give
you this he is not drinking too much
okay he's nursing mmm-hmm got it
okay so what so did you have any
involvement with the Carlisle expedition
when Erika was here well I mean when
Erika was here
nobody had any involvement with the
Carlisle expedition three if they were
dead mmm-hmm
but I
you know I brought when I knew that when
we were coming to dinner I brought this
as a present I wanted to show you and he
holds up a picture of the Carlisle
expedition in Egypt laughs and there's
everybody there's Sartori looking great
Carlisle Hypatia masters glowing she
looks lovely dr. Robert Huston is there
and a guy that you can only assume as
generally happy they look yeah they look
like yeah this looks like a society
photo Wow
this was taken when they arrived in
Cairo hmm he so they arrived May 1919
and they were they were supposed to be
looking at sites linked to the 3rd
dynasty but the nowhere that they dug
had any known connections to the 3rd
dynasty they started in Giza and then
very quickly went to dahshur and I will
tell you between you me and the wall and
the champagne which is exquisite that
they were very rude to anyone that tried
to find out anything about them I asked
several times to come out and and visit
their dig site and they would not have
it and then all of a sudden there were
rumors that they'd made some amazing
find and as soon as those rumors started
they were off to Kenya mm-hmm
July 1919 they headed to Kenya for a
holiday well though the rumor I've heard
is that Carlisle fell ill and that the
the the the Egyptian summer was doing
and didn't we also hear that he had a
girlfriend to the name yeah why do I
did not okay
no I was not aware of this hmm
do you know was it in Giza or daar sure
where they were supposed to have found
this amazing find before I mean it must
have been in da Shore because that's
where they left from logically hmm but
there's no record of where they were
digging I mean not really no would
anybody that tried to get close was
shooed away I mean it's very much like
the Clive expedition now hmm they're
echoing that they're there ever since
the theft their camp might as well be a
prison
[Music]
now tell me mm-hmm
what are three stars from the firmament
like yourselves doing here in Cairo and
why has a world-famous opera singer come
to Cairo a secret concert well as I'm
sure you can hear my voice is not what
it used to be I'm afraid it is lovely I
appreciate it well then why are you here
hmm I've taken in the sights
I was heard about the great country and
so we wanted to take in the sights and
we heard a little bit about the Carlisle
expedition and very very just
enthralled yep our friend Jackson Elias
you knew Jackson Elias told us about the
Carla expedition what what a man what a
man he came he came the last time I saw
he's dead I believe yes very very sad to
hear that he came to see me and he was
very interested in the steps he was
retracing the steps of the Carlisle
expedition and then he was also very
interested in the clive expedition but
he was only here a very short time
before he lit off for kenya what did you
tell him about the clive expedition well
they were still very new the clive
expedition was still very new here when
when we came when he came in they they
were still indecent we had not yet moved
and to Memphis and there was not a lot
to tell he was he was interested in
their funding and he had been to the pen
you Foundation and found them singularly
unhelpful sounds about right
I did I did try to point him to I had
heard that a member of the Clive
expedition a dutch archeologist was a
little looser in his conversation than
the others I believe he's no longer a
part of the expedition but you might
look up yon villa Vaughn who vlinn oh oh
I can imagine in an expedition like the
clive expedition having someone who's a
little looser with their conversation
wouldn't be good for whatever they're
doing no yeah I think he was he was let
go mm-hmm from the expedition but he
might know more about what they were
doing and what they are doing that's
certainly possible and so you're just
here to learn about the Carlisle
expedition I hope I hope that you are
not traveling down a path like poor
Jackson did how did you find Jackson
he was he was more driven than I've
known him in the past Jackson had a
pleasingly eye pleasing pleasing the
erratic manner about him and in Iceland
description he when I last saw him he
was he was driven he was he was focused
on the Carlisle expedition to the extent
of all else hmm Wow well we will
endeavor to keep from becoming obsessed
perhaps I do hope so I do hope so ladies
this evening has been magical Oh oh
thank you very much
put in pick up the champagne gently
Testament so if there is anything that I
can do for any of you please please let
me know it is so wonderful to share an
evening with three such cultured women
so rare here in this country well it's
nice to have a friend hmm
to Friendship to Friendship that
champagne is what is exquisite you can
make some if you want to ask him
anything else you're welcome to yeah
polite small talk is always and
requiring grits her teeth yeah okay
so you you you head home it's
probably about 11:00 by the time you
head home you'll get back about the same
time they do this time okay so no I've
got the full moon and readings in
Necronomicon Oh God although you are
definitely struck like all of you as you
walk home
did use of finish it no not yet no keep
making you stop and give me notes but
the notes are adding up you feel like
you're close but you felt like you're
closed for for two days now one more day
one more one more day we'll keep at it
yep just hang in there thank you but no
new insights it's not gonna happen until
so what you do what you have found is
you've found a number of you're not
skimming the book but you are not
getting the full depth because you're
like your mania is on finishing mm-hmm
and so you're just like you know you're
skimming parts to get to the end you're
like
Jesus he's talked about lizards for
three pages no and you're like skip
ahead to where there's not a word lizard
and and and so you don't you're not
getting the full read I mean the full
it's Larry because Nick takes almost no
notes and that one he decided I might go
and just read that highlight all the
lizard talk for me but do you take note
of the page numbers what page numbers is
there's a you know he's describing
lizards and then the lizards are
describing him another thing you need to
understand their perspective but it's
not gonna make sense no wonder people
have trouble with this well this is
exciting crania dad has rated us our dad
is finally found out what we're doing in
the basis you're just in time for
Necronomicon talk very exciting because
we've been rated we're giving away an
org games luck debt right now so hash
tag chaos to get that Nord games deck
we're playing Call of Cthulhu right now
we're playing the massive Nayar litho
Texan REO and it is 11:30 at night it is
a big giant full moon out there and
everything seems fine
I want a howl although like I might
actually sit out on my porch drinking
and drinking tea and like some of the
banister I'm just just enjoying the moon
we had a girdle this would be the night
ritual you're right nope no he's right
though we're missing out yeah I don't
know about this idea though all I know
is we need to get the perspective of the
lizards
cats another two lizards I would the cat
have what are you talking about chase
lizards what you guys been up to oh do I
have do we have to share I mean I'm
gonna go to bed in about 15 minutes but
it's gonna take longer than that well
yeah dinner I think understanding the
perspective of the lizards is the key to
really unlocking the Necronomicon
dualism I think is important then I
don't think you should have just gone
over that no I it's a red herring it's
not those there is there was some stuff
about lizards that can take on human
skin the lizard people the lizard get
our perspective how now it's all about a
perspective but there's something else
that's no that is reception is all about
perspective and perspective is the key
to understanding about wizards but he
did look at it just look how much it's
only three pages I shouldn't give you my
notes why don't I get my notes I'm gonna
write my notes in there I'm Riley no I'm
writing the notes now I'm asking you
about no no one about the lizards I'm
not gonna press it any further I just
I've said my piece yeah I'm almost done
all right anybody doing anything tonight
no all right I mean trying to sleep
you're out on the porch yeah I'm sittin
on the porch at midnight a cat jumps up
on the porch I'm like paltin potent put
my foot down about them and look at it
in the direction of the mosque which is
Old Cairo and could be included you just
you you have this weird feeling that
it's looking in the direction of the
mosque what about it yes my accents
terrible I'm sorry it's just trying to
figure out why you just said green this
is like I'm watching the cat for a while
and go back to sipping my team just
alright after about 15 minutes it will
like give you one more look look at the
mosque and then it'll jump down again
you're on the 4th I think I'm saying
you're okay you see the Catholic huh at
midnight you go in the cat shows up and
tells you that maybe you could get
[Laughter]
no I'm is anyone else still awake at
this point maybe but most of them are
probably toughness is probably asleep
right ha this is fixed this whole thing
is fixed why just I'm protesting well
I'm very happy about it run J Matthew J
Mathews 85 won the Nord games looked at
the program yeah I mean nice I like to
think in my head J Mathews doesn't has
better taste than to play D&amp;D but we'll
never know and he gifted another 9
subscriptions he thank you so much nice
he's like he's like tonight's hashtag
yeah seriously
Thank You Jay Matthews we appreciate it
and make sure that you give you email or
I guess Facebook message or something
question very honest Berg yeah whisper
on Twitch mm-hm
I'm gonna go tap on on Emma's or
lightly not enough to wake her up if
she's not away if she's asleep but
enough to get our attention you're
asleep I'll be away cuz I'm generally
irritable what your edible when you're
asleep yeah yeah so you hear like
tapping at your door yeah I'm like okay
what so the cat came back the calico
cat well one of the cats okay it was a
great cut this was a great cat so yeah
the cello Cleveland was through but it
was one of the cats that came back what
did it want I mean did it just like it
sat there with me for about 15 minutes
out on out on my balcony and seemed to
want me to go to the mosque oh this
can't be good alright so I am right
there with you usually yeah this is
insane but not great let's this is
insane right let's go let's do this -
just implying you know yeah it's great
yeah usually when it's insane it's
coming out of my mouth and it's
fantastic - no not a shotgun let's just
hide it a pistol to bring the elder sign
blade all right and the machete we might
as well just full stock it's a full moon
no moon good lord
Matthews triggered the gale force nine
deck giveaway this is like a Saudi
crossover thing terrifying you take this
and we show up hashtag spell cards in
the in the chat we're running out of
hashtags because we're giving away so
much right yeah
a hashtag free stuff hashtag spell cards
in the chat you can win a gale force
nine deck oh yeah
so there's like the massive Arcana deck
with all of the Arcana spells there you
go but there's also like druid and Clara
compare yeah right so you know you get
you get to pick your class is that well
there you go yeah take the bard spills
the bard spells are fun hmm
I played a part that was my first D&amp;D
care so we get up guns yeah them they've
actually come in your room to get the
guns aren't we in the same room sure yet
so I know it's insane but the cat's want
us to go to the mosque don't get dressed
we had your shot have we seen the cat so
as a bad it's all got here and there I'm
gonna go tap on Jones darn em together
into this get your guns it's like we
gotta get your guns how can I walk
through the street with a rifle
what well what time is it it's midnight
it's mine I've been asleep for like five
minutes to be back at the museum at 6
a.m. to go back to go get you into the
museum at 6 a.m. let's go this is how he
drinks the goop as long as you're just
finishing up all night studying how do I
conceal this rifle what your eyes open
hey hey put your robe on put the rifle
under the robe let's go the hotel will
bring you coffee thank God I'm staying
at a very nice hotel yes so yes these
downstairs and ask for some coffee
ok make a luck rule me actually both of
you make a local 741 all right so when
you came good you just opened Joan's
door like hey Joan and she
sitting there staring at those two at
those Jalan and you hear her right away
yes okay I have like five questions but
I'm going to start with what are you
doing well we obviously need more power
if we're gonna be doing more things so
I'm helping power them up
you're what deliberately charging them
like a car battery that's what they're
for and then after we charge them up
then we can use them to make more
scimitars or some tires or or or
whatever or maybe even part of dune and
then we give it to Emma so it becomes a
crowbar and she goes after that crate
again so it's like oh another thing take
it wait to finally hear about the door
all right well speaking of cats a cat
showed up on my balcony and wants us to
go to the mosque coming I'm coming okay
so some of you more but grudgingly than
others well I've got questions along the
way
best part about it is that visually I
see you with a band a bandana over your
headdress with a shotgun hanging rifle
your rifle hanging under your bathrobe
you know yeah you got it the hotel you
could histo or one of the sawed-off
shotguns those are small I'm not
terribly good with them wait I actually
don't know the rifle either you just
gotten really lucky I have it I have
those rifles deadly disease better turn
amen you actually have Donald's rifle
right yeah yes then you probably have
the bear claws yeah
I only sorry all right
the Lion claws are gone them if
someone's got them no no he only took
the guns I grab the guns package I make
a luck roll we're not here let's just do
that one first and get that no okay
smarter about the there was no talk
about it was inspired it's been seconded
happen no it wasn't I'm sorry I didn't
all right
I'm sorry too history Donnell is their
historic weeps tonight I don't we know
approximately where we can get some
scuba gear there's nothing there's
know what's better than going on a train
going underwater well I mean Donnell
will be going so you come out of the
hotel and there's a cat who like just
trots off like for you to follow this is
the worst idea what are we doing but it
way so on Sunday the eighth
the cat's led us to I love the date the
date isn't important or very important
well for me it's very important I got
five more days to get this girl and get
the situation going so the cat's led us
to Van Hooven or whatever his name is
Cleveland who's that the drunk never
mind he was used to be on the claim it
was part of live Expo
I was fired because of me Oh what did
they what did they dig up obscure roles
and apparently the body of medication
remember yes no yes you know
Medicus I didn't want to know was NightA
Chris yes I don't know he at least was
very convincing wasn't it stolen or
something from them no I think I do
I don't know I understand you block out
things anyway so compartmentalize we
need to be as where the cats will be and
so the cats are you know what I can't
even I know no princess best right the
priestess there's a princess she's
pretty
ok fast pretty princess priests the best
is the goddess of cats look of cats
there's ok there's no we're following
yes the priest is pretty princess
pretty pretty princess it's simple of
the kids because something Hamas Sochi
we'vewe've are what we've already so
we've already been to the temple of fast
and we thought our business with the
priestess was done and now there's cats
coming to fetch us yes that's a princess
priestess one of her minions yes the
princess priestess turnitin turns into a
panther she's a children it's children
priestess panther yes the book is making
more sense to know is the cat's follow
them yeah yeah yeah shouldn't go into
old town car so yeah you got the rifle
that's following there's still just the
one
okay I'm gonna cook it bet hmm you have
your cricket bat yes Natalie English it
hurts me so you're gonna flat surface
stops you you can see the minarets of
the mosque you're two blocks away maybe
yeah yeah and the cat like stops and all
of a sudden like it's one of those like
its back is arched and all of its hair
is on edge and it is looking to the left
just check up rifle is loaded I am yes
and I have my daggers in my hand I'm
gonna look so you see they they they
seem very focused on something else they
have not noticed you there are four men
in robes dark robes all covered up who
are slinking towards the mosque say
something but I'm in a robe somehow they
haven't noticed yet oh you know what you
guys are great at some of us aren't that
bad yourself
it's just then we get trapped in the
building with a parrot shark that's a
sentence unless can we cut them off well
we know where they're going so yeah you
go the other way let's go the other way
I haven't done anything horrible evil
yet we don't know wait let's go around
this way
yes apology is exactly good discreet
we're being discreet yes no we're
running the other way to head them off
at the pass yes so you guys are yes
follow them you you what you guys you
guys go cut them off the past I'm going
to follow them rules from YouTube I'm
following these two as well so my
inspiration just running up it's like
that's critical if I get critical can I
give her an advantage done thank you
well this is success checking that box
didn't make it
alright what words you got a critical
success oh yes he did I mean you're
close though right I was like 501 could
spend luck no you could push it
I get a regular if I push it and lose
the critic a hard to try and compensate
for like no don't good I know I'm gonna
make you an offer okay so yeah you can
totally do that but you're going to be
too late to stop them from doing
whatever they're doing or you can stop
them from whatever they're doing but
they're gonna know you're there or I can
push it or she can push the rule I would
honestly I can't use this if I don't
have a round to like a shot kid you just
inspire the role I did yeah did you I
don't get an ami right no okay what I
still have the advantage knife I push it
sure what is what is it about this that
like you re doubling your efforts I'm
feeling my my feet like like slip under
me because the ground under me isn't
like great but I'm also familiar with
like the back streets of London and
stuff like that so I'm pulling on that
and on those memories from the slinking
around back alleys Jeff sounds good
sounds good get low and go further
nope didn't fail them well I fail if I
didn't all right so banish this so
you I'm on the night Dan you know you
have been and slinking away I found the
perfect snipey spot yes sure 100% yeah
you are perfectly set up right beyond up
you are you are so you're like oh he's
gonna be far away I like that I can use
her as a distraction in fact thanks so
you oh that would be great
Alexandra remember that
so you sneak you know you're like coming
up on them your blades are out you know
your you're ready to go and all of the
sudden you hear something behind you
mm-hmm and there's a guy behind you and
he says something to you in Arabic you
know in a loud voice
and well in a normal voice and it sounds
loud in the middle tonight right yeah
yeah and so ute youth you too you have
come around front both of you make me
let's call them decks rolls so hard fine
all right so that so that's two
successes you need three successes so
you can inspire I need somebody else
needs to inspire because I'm out of
money
all right I'll do it
it's on me here are the money that was
gonna be the wow it was cardio day you
know so hard and a critical success boom
you totally beat them there so you are
around the side of the mosque and with
that roll you get there so early that
you find a great hiding spot okay and
you can you totally see them coming and
two of them turn around and look behind
them and one of them like pulls out a
scroll and starts reading out loud and
we're gonna go to initiatives you well
first so the guy says something and so
you're gonna have two guys on you right
away and we're gonna go to initiatives
so I think 75 is gonna be the first yeah
I'm at 75 how many are close to me and
is the guy close is the guy with the
scroll reasonably close the guy with the
scroll note you'd have to go through the
two guys to get to him cuz the two guys
heard
the person who said something to you and
they came up to it to deal with you then
I will deal with them okay
that sounds like a knife roll it does
doesn't do did the reignover dice so
many choices aren't there though that is
a heart success all right a heart
success is max damage so you just stab
one of the guys how much damage that is
a 24 plus twos a six okay so you do six
points damn and he's like ah mm-hmm he
does not like getting stabbed no one
does it show any other 70s okay all
right so there's one here tonight on a
70s since I made that knife room but the
guy reading the scroll I know finishes
whatever he was doing he throws the
scroll down and the scroll starts to
like distend and it's like each end is
like bouncing out and bouncing out and
the scroll is turning into what to your
tiny little weird brains is some sort of
like horrible elephant with spikes all
over it and no head the pork offense
where it's a fork of it
yep there is it's about eight feet tall
okay I don't want to eat the pork
offense oh you do not want to eat this
the spikes are very dangerous looking
there's almost a metallic tinge to Wow
right the skin of this thing seems like
metal and it has four tree trunk legs
and it just starts lumbering towards the
mosque
oh and so u 3 u 4 everybody but Tiana
should make a sanity roll No if you miss
it you lose - that's not bad if you made
it you don't lose any yes you're
surprisingly okay with this
I mean we've run into a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at
this point at this point the space meet
is even so should I start pounding 70s
6505 yeah nassim yeah okay so you run so
you run up to the mosque and you're
asleep
bam bam yeah are you saying anything or
um so this thing is just bearing it's
I'm saying attack it's attacking it's
attacking it's gonna say Bam Bam Bam Bam
alright yeah so you will well we'll get
to what happens there 60s 50s 55 all
right so so headdress what and I try to
describe it do you see this what am I
looking at
you haven't covered thank you go swap
out though it's fine fine
so you okay you removed the headdress
and you remove the cover and all the
Ives like open oh geez I'm not sure if
anybody has seen you might not have seen
oh you say she was wearing yeah yeah
yeah but maybe you weren't aware it was
on him but now that dress is over - no
I've had an idea
yeah yeah why is he wearing that
headband no cuz the light came out too
low right right yeah and so oh no oh oh
dear
so you're saying bullets won't work no
hmm no you should kill the Summoner okay
yeah it's night and I line up a shot on
him take a shot okay so you're gonna lie
yeah alright so this turn you're aiming
so you will have an it you'll have a
bonus die next rounds when you fire at
that all right that was 50s 45 40 okay
all right so Joseph is hanging out over
here with Silvano yeah bad guys are
danger
no you guys aren't a perfect skyper I'm
like I'll keep an eye on him make sure
nobody comes near us kill the Summoner I
say yeah he says out loud we gotta kill
the savage once the summer the summer
but waiting at
what do I hear him say that or am I just
assumed that the person who had a scroll
and threw it down to the person I'm
going after like that wasn't the one
with the shoes that everybody can make a
listening role okay yeah you didn't hear
no pun in hearing oh yeah
alright you so oh you take a
disadvantage died because you're banging
on the wall of the mosque yelling yeah
yes I do not hear all right so no no the
problem is you're like you're you're so
used to talking to the headdress like
under your breath like kill the Summoner
and use like who's the Summoner what is
he said the shoes got the shoes what I
was wearing sandals him all right 45
what are you doing you're just guarding
huh be guarding him makes you know it
sticks up on us and you can kill the
summer okay you two are no your left so
I'm gonna pull my oh wait sorry the -
what do you have the older side blade no
no what is your I mean Oh hornings 40
yeah all right so before you go to guys
one who is recently stabbed works they
pull out big old swords okay and they're
going to take chops at you you should
really think about a dodge roll here
think about and hopefully accomplish
nope
all right actually exactly my decks cut
chunks you get cut for six points of
damage
Jimmy gets permission for them it's like
one of them yeah six you said yes chunk
might be using one of these Jay Matthews
experience oh that's the kill us
inspiration yes yes and the other guy
will also like I mean there hasn't
really been you mate well let's see you
made a noise yep
he heard it okay so his buddy has got
you taken care of
hmm so and this is the guy this is the
guy who got stabbed so he's like I'm
good I'm going after her and soon
gonna he's gonna run towards you and
next round he will attack you alright
there was a fourth guy and he is gonna
pull out a pistol oh god okay
how's Emma oh boy so who is the closest
to me you were you got a great role you
are closer to the Summoner and the guy
with the pistol okay so I'm gonna so
right now there's sort of there's
Alexandra and one guy here
there's the Summoner in the pistol and
you're closest to them and then there's
the gate with Joan and now the guy with
a sword okay so I'll take out my pistol
then and aim at mmm the Summoner okay
are you shooting are you aiming I'm
aiming unless I can shoot without having
a if you drew it you would have a
disobey and then I would wait until next
I'm sorry okay all right so you lie not
you pull it out and you're lying out of
the shot that's no problem alright
that is so after all the initiatives you
hear a horn blow inside the mosque on on
a ten the lumbering thing just walks
through the wall of the mosque and just
blam blam blam and the the wall its it
doesn't even crumble it almost just
splits like paper in front of this thing
and it's just crunching forward cool
that also helps though the horn go off
yeah really add some impetus to your
words yes yes oh that's attacking and
yeah back to the top of the lineup which
i think is you I'm gonna stab the guy
who's in front of me do it he's taking a
chunk out of me and I'm not pleased
about that
how can I inspired it yes do you want to
save that inspiration for when he
attacks you though and you need to dodge
it my dodge is not great yeah my dodge
is Murr knife is very good
71 that my index is 37 yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah this is our last one
the spend it spend it so this isn't
going to space Meade where we are nope
that was a waste of space now all right
all right you you take a swipe at him
but you know you have been recently
damaged my damage myself I want to like
back up a bit if I can give up and get
myself some trace I'll give you an
advantage on the on the dodge dice you
have gone back like that okay 30 60s
65 yes so there's a gut so there's a
guy with a sword who is very surprised
that you're faster than him yes and so
I'm gonna try to whack him in the head
with the with the crowbar what
it's been a while since the crowbar in
action ah no oh you could so you could
spend luck me a rolling garbage time
yeah well I did really well earlier so
rolls mm-hmm cuz I'm I am that's what
I've got 45 and you're yeah I don't
spend luck yeah that happen to be too
much yeah all right but if I push it
push it
fine if you fail I look forward to you
throwing your crowbar away on this one
okay so you miss yeah like you you run
in all right 60s 50s ease you have an
advantage died on this lined up shot
move oh wait sorry on a 72 the guy who
summoned the thing he will start
training together
I will take the critical how much damage
does a rifle do one critical to the UH
yeah you've got all this is why you aim
for yep so you're gonna do 46 plus 4 did
ridiculous number of dice in front of
main plus for Wow so that'll be plus
four would that be twenty to thirty is
it 26 then no 38 is 26 six yeah he was
not built to take 26 points of damage so
he shouldn't been chanting like that so
he drops the he's dropped the scroll and
he starts to like chance and he's making
this motion and just all of a sudden a
bullet goes blam right in his throat and
yes I'm sorry she goes no and he falls
attack words good I love that rifle very
dead most importantly does that thing
die there's a sound of its footprints
not any like what's will find out all
right Spence
that was 60s 50s that was Vicky's
you're up and then before you're up and
then the bad guys you go alright what
what does Joseph see as far as trouble
or so there's a guy with a pistol who's
more away from you okay there's a guy
and there are two guys with swords one
on Alexandra and one on Joe I think I
like centers closer right yes go for it
yeah
all right oh you took care of that one I
think your simple brad has his cricket
bat yeah I try to come up behind the guy
with the sword and whack him on that
okay yeah if you get a hard success or
better here he'll have to make a conrol
to stay conscious if you're trying to
bring him and using a cricket bat bands
yes yeah
55 is a fail alright go well you know
you're excitable you come up behind him
and like all of a sudden you realize I'm
hitting a person I'm a little
uncomfortable with yeah you know there's
there's a shred of humanity in you that
maybe does not exist and anyone else
here not anymore
I was actually originally me like maybe
I can take out one of his knees and he's
chanting I mean it's true all right the
guys with swords
yeah in a very chauvinist sense he
thinks you're more of a threat than the
the cloud of blades that is and so he's
gonna kick you out of you at this point
do you he misses you know what Jay
Matthews yes but what 98 ah Jay Matthews
that's for you on your dodge roll you
need a critical success can i brawl to
parries I'm gonna try to do you know
what I love it
go ahead now here's the thing though
grieves you are successful and you need
a critical success and there's a chance
you're gonna well you're gonna take
damage but if you're successful
everything's fine yeah all right Oh a
target is much worse yeah I guess bad a
61 is not even close to that could spend
luck he tries but he says no sword fight
whatsoever this is gonna draw double
damage that is 14 points of damage
Thanks points does he have the sense to
run I think he has a sense of crawl
collapse to the ground and cry okay so
this guy runs up Jesus death stabbed you
like you you tried to hit him he turns
around and he just cuts off yeah yeah
it's not you are like on the ground
holding your innards in like yeah you're
all you can think about is crawling away
and make me a con roll you just took
almost all your hit points this is one
attack so you failed that role all
right you are in shock yeah so all you
can do is Ludden is just try and get
away you're just gonna like crawl and
check off the major wound knocks on your
ah it might have worked Jay Matthews it
might have worked we'll see okay so I'm
the other sword guy yes here if not for
the pulp rules he'd be the you were a me
yeah yeah okay yeah he's got to think of
it oh actually wait I'm gonna use one
of the non je Matthews one because I
don't think this is gonna kill you let's
see if the non je Matthews ones are is
good I should have used the je Matthews
one wasn't a me but it's there what it's
still a Miss that who loves us very all
right that was them so now the operation
so I'm gonna pivot over sentence he blew
the dudes head off to gun man okay and
so I'm gonna hit him with my pistol do I
get to star you're shooting Helen yes
yeah you can you can still use the
advantage okay you were aiming in the
same basic area so 42 nope I miss
okay yeah that's it
so blam yeah they shot rings out and now
it's all it's getting real I mean we
already shot yeah yeah on a mouse all
the bad guys on a 10 you stop hearing
noises inside there and no just and
there's like oh well actually you stop
hearing horror horrible it's okay do it
they're still like the horn oh good good
good guys they can go shelling in Arabic
okay okay that's sort of thing
all right back to the top 75 I'm gonna
come back in and then go after the guy
who just alright I'm gonna try mate
Yusef looks in serious need of medical
care
yeah I can give him first aid
[Laughter]
yes I I've succeeded okay regular its
regular okay you will dodge this guy is
this guy is a sword fighter he is he is
clearly a cut above cut above the
average not just when you need her why
are we on a boat come in I take the
slash he'll dodge and I was like keep
moving TIPA TIPA TIPA and my trajectory
a little ways away from him
65 yeah crowbar alright see if I can do
it dort dude is still here yeah yes I
got him all right roll damage what does
notched these sword fighters are buff he
that is why you wait a minute hidden
consumed using the drunkest dice no all
right no the recognized relievers our
economy is all right okay all right
at least I at least show yeah you like
made a great swing and he just made an
even better size so there's no way I can
like use that to dodge him next time or
something I'll give you an advantage die
if you want to is what you want to use
that yeah cuz you got a great roll thank
you all right
on a 72 the sorcerer dies the guy with
the gun he's trying to figure out who
shot at him because you guys are not
around how he will not see anyone so he
is gosh give it up man he is it's on the
table
yeah yes they played their trump card
and then it matter he tries to run in
you know what he is he's gonna he runs
up to Youssef and he puts his gun at
Yusuf's head and he says stop all of you
stop it's my turn sure wait what are you
at a 50-something
yeah yeah I line up shot on the guy
holding the gun
so you're just aiming this
the two swords guys are waiting to see
if you're gonna stop and like okay are
you gonna are you like pausing because I
similarly like no I was gonna dodge this
time okay yeah then then yeah the two
sword guys will not take a slice after
their buddy you said that would you
you're you're pretty much Jesus holding
them yeah together yeah you like he has
one hand on your back and another hand
with the gun at your head okay can i
complicate things by coming out of the
shadow and pointing my gun at him going
don't do it sure let's see if he loses
his cool no he keeps his cool you come
out with your gun at him and his gun is
just staying right at Yusuf's head and
it's to you for your shot if you got are
you gonna take it I'm just gonna hold it
I'm I don't want to do something cuz
it's like if I miss it's not funny
alright okay so he's like if you anybody
moves I kill him
well hi give us give us the girdle and
he does not die
what are you what's what it's not ours
to give and that's when you hear a voice
say but it is mine to give and out from
the wall the hole in the wall is a med
Alda hobby he is holding a case a closed
case I'm gonna die anyway sure kid don't
worry about me right of the girdle
do you hey you have agency so tempted do
it up dead yeah
I'm gonna drop a gun and just go make me
a brawl role guess what Ahmed all the
Hobby is not good at brawling yes but
guess what my dice out he's a minute
he's 70 year old man who is very
surprised
no he ruled a fumble I rolled a 9 I'm
sorry I I don't want to break any of his
bones check that off Wow sorry
yeah you he ceases to be like you just
envelop him as you are going for the box
and he's like but I don't know I'm sorry
and he goes flying over and you hear
like crunch oh you pick it up and you're
just running away
alright everyone is so almost everyone
is totally surprised but but the guy
with the gun what's yeah what is he so
the guy with the gun is like he like
goes like this and all of a sudden bang
a shot rings out and he gets shot in the
shoulder and goes flying backwards and
on the top of the wall is the sword of
called it with a right yeah and he
just he like he looks down he's like now
the rifle starts to follow you okay so
we're going back to initiatives yeah so
so this is supplied completely down or
did was it just knocked back
he is down he's laying on the ground uh
the gun still appears to be in his hand
oh then I'd like to take a shot at the
earliest possible convenience regular
okay roll your damage to d6 + 4 thank
you nice so Matt plus for stupid math 12
okay he the gun is no longer in his hand
his hand in fact is no longer they can
make sure the mark on that gun you did
lamb and the you see the sword like
looking around trying to figure out
where there's another rifle mm-hmm and
he yells something in Arabic Arabic can
we roll yeah
alright find out what the deal is nope
you have disadvantage on all hard hard
hard Arabic oh yeah okay yeah stream I
go I'm listening
success oh wow okay so yeah you hear him
yelling stop the woman she has the
girdle oh no I think you get this one
already nothing was on fire yet 500 bits
to go full mo with the girdle no going
full Emma will be putting it all that's
happening you what just so yeah he yells
he'll stop the woman she has the girdle
back up to the top yeah alright so now
we're going to initiative so 75 actually
sorry sorry to me on an 87 the lion sort
of Kamala is got a shot at you you
should make a dodge roll shite we have
already using that inspiration two
lemmas dodging that's not full Emma no
all right not even close lamb
how many points of damage Nikes what you
take 16 points on damage
oh did that drop you know but I'm gonna
drop anyway but so we're gonna drop
recover so make me a con roll cuz you
just took most of your head points from
now you'll have more than I yeah I do
though I mean if you are very
constitutional so silent you so where
did he shoot you
what has has he did you like take out
your leg or was it in the side I'll
I'll take it in the shoulder alright so
he he does I'm assuming it's me in the
back yeah that makes a lot of sense so
he just blam the shot rings out and the
most terrifying part to you is that you
don't feel any pain you just get thrown
to the ground and the feeling of like
gravel going against your cheek hurts
more than your shoulder your your your
your right arm yeah has just like you
you you can't move it it's it's it's
gone the box is like lying in front of
you okay I'm gonna do so much all right
that was an eighty seventy there are
still two sort guys so we're very
confused right now I'm sure they are and
I'm gonna look at Achmed I'm in I'm
ed yeah who is he's like he's not in a
he's like dazed on the ground he's just
like Miss Philippines
I I heard I didn't hear what the sword
said the lion the the sort of Islam said
something in era I heard and it was I
heard him yell and then there was a shot
and Emma cried out oh another thing yes
that you get because you got a critical
his words had like initiative behind
them but not anger this is not a like
you know killed them all right there's a
lightning get get the girdle right right
right right right
yeah no I'm gonna lie I don't know where
the shot came from but I know I'm pretty
sure that it's him
and be like we're here to help we're
trying to help with the thing make an
intelligence roll speak English good
thing yeah
one of our translators is out yeah I
actually missed that I'm alright
surprise my intelligence is anything you
remember nothing nope you know there's a
lot going on so yeah all that out and
are you I'm gonna dealing with sort guy
I'm gonna deal with this alright so darn
I knew it away it strike again that guy
is my boy morning yes good success not
critical or not hard okay so that's he's
gonna success not dodge oh he is a good
Dodger we're taking the
birds-of-paradise away from you I'm
taking these home Hadrian I need a set
of these oh yeah and leave them at home
yeah so I'm gonna like dart through
again try and try to hit him in just
this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] alright yeah he is he is
like this guy is a obviously a trained
fighter mm-hmm he is very good he's
sixties yes yes okay so I'm in I'm gonna
hold him off I'm not gonna try to hit
him but I am going to try to say in
Arabic to like no translate for me
we don't want these guys to get it we're
trying to help
okay make an Arabic role that's one
always should in a combat yes okay yeah
you you no problem you can you convey
that I've made so many of those nice
mm-hm and just you know unfortunately
drunk right now is not the time for you
know figuring all this stuff out so that
is 65
when did the other they have 40s 50s
lining up a shot on the one closest to
the swordsman on her okay appreciated
all right
you bleed on a 50 I'm just trying to
stop hold that hold the guts inside
because you're in shock you can't do
first date on yourself you are basically
just crying there going like am i dead
why is it cold eels like the problem is
if I come over to your first date on
you're gonna get a sword in the back
speaking of swords in the back yeah yeah
I will start over here do I still have
the adduct advantage on the dodge
because I'm keeping distance like
darting in and hidden and running baths
sure you're gonna need a hard success he
got a hard success away from you man
yes no all right I I mean it I succeeded
but I did get a hard success he does
points of damage to you joy how are you
doing I'm at 3 I'm seeing so much I'll
give you a you get an advantage so he's
this guy's gonna try and slice you
actually I'm gonna make you an offer
not buy do you want to give him a
penalty die or you get a bonus die on
your dodge your choice I'm gonna give
him a penalty ok
you'll still get a normal dog yeah
that's a hit he gets a 39 either way I
got a zero for oh that's a gosh darn it
I dodged yeah that is an excellent you
know the twirl the trained assassin
can't dodge for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah
the crowbar is more a more elegant
weapon from Asia exactly you recognize
some of his moves from the dungeon oh
yes so I'm ready got some extra umph
there all right I'm just gonna crawl
[Laughter]
I'm gonna cover my body like I'm gonna
put it underneath me and Carl in the
fetal position so that nobody can grab
it from me all right don't fumble a luck
roll oh God what's my luck well all I
care about is my lovely don't like that
setting I don't I know my sanity is
better than my
I didn't fumble it all right no you're
good as long as you didn't fumble
all right the Box remains closed okay
there's no blood seeping onto the girdle
there's blood all over the box and all
over you yeah and everything's fine okay
I'm not you know what I'll let you stop
for now I won't know that's a that's at
the end of the road you hear noise
coming from the mosque mm-hmm so no
reaction to me saying stuff in Arabic
things nothing I bet all the crazy just
herniate okay back to the top 82 the
logical in the a lion Amala but he's the
sort of akamalik
the sort of AA koala will will say do
not hurt the women get to get the girdle
the box the box I'll take this is an
Arabic yeah he says it in Arabic but you
yeah well there are two guys that are
trying to kill ya well yes but there
aren't more people oh you know what
he'll actually take a shot he will he
will take a shot at the guy people miss
what shoots me thanks don't shout out
loud to my physician yes you say oh
shoot alright he like fires a shot but
he misses 75 yeah I'm gonna take another
another swipe all right nope all right
take a turn was that song said about how
we haven't had a fight in a while yeah
this is why I can't take a turn to aim
because I don't have the advantage of
not being seen
yes as I'm as I'm faster I'm gonna keep
moving toward emam we're in the
direction I saw him okay she went yeah
towards the gate
yeah so I'm gonna like keep moving
alright I'm just gonna keep this guy
here and and kido okay yeah yeah because
he keep him busy he's gonna he's not
going after video there are some guys
coming yeah I'm the compound
yep alright and 65 it's you yep
I hate lying up the shot in the box that
looks like a 19 that's a good shot yeah
I don't think I mean yeah that's a
regular okay this rifle is deadly yes it
is I'm gonna do you a favor because I'm
a kind person I'm gonna give him
disadvantage on his dodge rolls who's he
just got a critical success
he got an O 3 nope he misses well so and
that's plus 4 plus 4 would be 15 points
of damage
he's gonna make a convoy cuz rifles his
right so he just goes he's just lying on
the ground like rolling they're his he's
been shot in the side he's like he's
commiserating with you yeah he's just
like he is totally incapacitated he's
allowing us is probably bleeding to
death that was 50 s 40 you let me know
otherwise I'll just note around the one
sort guy on you he has a little he died
because of your ass shot 31 and 21 31
hit so you should make a dodge roll oh I
just missed all right Bend luck hmm okay
that will spend four all right so with a
with a regular success you you dodged
his blow I have a lot of it
whoa you could do first aid on yourself
but it's gonna take a little while no
I'm it's protecting the boxes more
important so I'm just gonna kind of
crawl - all right so you just start like
you've got it cradled in your one good
arm and you just start like inch worming
your way ignoring you know whatever
Horrible's mess of your mouth is in and
that's right and you're just like trying
to get into the moss and they're just
slowly okay I'm going to take us out of
initiatives so you're gonna blow away
the guy that was on her I was well it
depends on if we start doing first aid
on I'm finding Emma you're finding Emma
and I would actually run over to do
first aid okay
you're running over there you'll take
care of your guy find that actually you
know what well then you say that he's
that but the sword of Akmala doesn't
know any better we'll jump down from the
wall and just cleave the guy with his
massive sim trio which looks like your
symptom steroids and as he cleaves the
guy like the glow the the you know it
glows in this beautiful color and he is
like he is laser focused on you and
three guys who are old but have rifles
and swords come out and start heading
towards you and I'm also heading her her
way I'm sure so there's a weird standoff
going on so you can go ahead and roll
first date on him and can I also
struggle to find the word for help and
first aid in Arabic you know what I'm
gonna I'll be oh come come over and help
alright so talk come over no it's
Wow nice that is incredible alright so
somehow I pull up a staple my trusty
stapler actually you had discarded your
head bend is in your your right there
and you essentially tie it around his
belly I'm actually going to do something
else in the headbands like actually yeah
you you have you have stabilized him you
still have a major wound there's gonna
need real medical attention for that I
love that you're ten days might run out
while you're in the hospital yeah
awesome and so you you're all gonna be
brought into the mosque this bleeding
limping bleeding limping whatever are
you gonna give them back the girdle I'll
give it to the to the two men that
recognized on okay now see him so
actually one one guys only job is to
pick up a med and like slowly walk him
into
into the into the room and they'll
they'll you know they're they're taking
care of you they're not taking care of
the other guys they're just leaving the
bodies there oh wow okay and away none
of them got away
no no got away the the sort of a koala
takes the bucks and he heads into the
room on the right which is where a man
was when you came that's also where I'm
Edwin you guys are taken to the left
which is the hospital part and you are
given rooms
it is sanitary I'm they asylum yeah boy
that's that school became the thing
there's no scroll there is no scroll
yeah yeah and you two who are uninjured
you who you know they
a very polite orderly who speaks English
will tell you that they are going to be
requiring serious medical attention and
that you know you should come back you
know you're you're welcome to stay here
or you could come back tomorrow I want
to stay yeah as long as there's yeah
place to sleep
yeah it's you're sleeping in an insane
asylum but now you're sleeping that's
the place our life is insane asylum
right now and I think that's where we're
gonna in tonight's episode
a bloody but not quite dead despite your
best efforts shitty I should have used
the second one a bloody but not broken
Great Dane Society there's gonna be a
lot of medical stuff going on next time
and a lot of fallout from this mess that
has happened not space mean speed makes
we have to do it yes oh it's from this
episode we're gonna get that inspiration
though we are how bad is it if a goddess
isn't chasing you let's not drink any
suspicious liquids which is now even
more likely to be episode title after
this there was kind of a lot going on
the girdle situation which is also an
excellent imagine a CEO that would bring
us you're not losing your mind on my
watch this is insane but not great and
party at the mosque which is also an
excellent episode's Idol yeah so YouTube
for this deck what is the title of the
next episode which of those quotes is
the title of our next episode put it in
the comments ironically the episode the
lorry happened by the time you know but
still what do you think the episode of
the time should be and we're gonna pick
randomly one winner from the continental
US or Canada not Quebec sorry Abed to
win this deck this awesome steampunk
Cthulhu kardec thanks everybody thank
you cranial dad for the raid yeah thanks
for joining us for you showed up and
things got bloody all of a sudden man
what's the what's up with that yeah
thanks everybody for on twitch for your
your great support your comments and
youtube we love you thank you for all
your comments and your likes and
subscribes don't forget we've got a week
of great shows coming up Monday its
natural one start your week off with a
critical fail Tuesday it's is it a
mitten no agents wait Mondays and Monday
Monday is is a natural one shot it's the
Frost we're in one shot yeah I'm sure it
won't run long I'm sure nothing terrible
happened Tuesday's Kaos agents Wednesday
I'm given to understand we're playing
board games yes alright so we'll be
playing something crazy from my shelf on
Wednesday live on Twitch and then we'll
get that on YouTube and then
we are back here next Saturday to see
what happens it's a party at the mosque
I like that one that's a good a good
title although maybe not great for SEO I
don't know thanks everybody this was
fun and I I want I want you to keep
going boy it's been so long since we've
had a fight you know I'm kind of
jonesing for what might I taught them
and J Matthews still got one evil evil
still got one no need to refill that out
that's no I see you guys ended with one
yeah yeah I spaced me for two yeah Kimmy
can we space meet next next was that
gonna hold over if we do you know what
oh you wait and see
yeah I mean you should call for space me
just so that we can heal and I'm a loser
net space universe and then we're tiny
notice cuz yeah you're not gonna be able
to go there so I'm gonna have to show up
and be like so about that space me I
have noted down that if you drink the
space meet you get another inspiration
oh it's happening here's enough for two
right you don't know I mean you don't
know that money I'm asking yourself you
said was a sales we got four five no uh
that was a great full moon it should be
the full moon more often now full moon
it's all going crazy
thanks so much for spending part of your
geek in with us we will see you next
week
you
