last episode everything went tragically, you're living on
borrowed time. after all sorts of
hijinks you followed a cat to the the
mosque of Ibin Sulin and you
were brought to four cultists who were
going to do horrible things
ironically the one that like created the
horrible nether beast you handled right
away but then the guys with swords
turned into turned out to be vicious and
we have two characters with major wounds
so the trick with that you're not in the
hospital yeah hey so a major wound not
yet yeah so a major wound again if you
go down to zero hit points with a major
wound you die you should so well
actually first you get the opportunity
to spend all of your luck to avoid death
and then you die I get points but it
says I have a major wound did I just
accidentally you got critical with that
yeah that's how you got that you got
like the serious critical from the sort
of amalah we're there to help and he
shot you I mean I know I look online
that's suitable tour yeah well so there
was an and had he has been lucky um
comida hobby who was the the sort of
leader of the protectors he he wanted to
forestall this conflict when this
horrible beast came out and he brought
out the girdle and he was seemingly
gonna give it to them and then he got
tackled with a bone-crunching tackle
burnt he couldn't see what the
camouflage top you came out of nowhere
crunched him and Emma picked up the
girdle started you're a sidestep you
SEFs innards which are now rolling
around on the sidewalk the kids have
been pretty good yeah he did and started
to run away and the sword of Akmala
just sniper rifle two herds straight
down and he then jumped down and killed
the guy that was in front of you with
his sword which looks suspiciously like
that sword then so

you're on a street front in front
of the mosque the
wall has been smashed through by a  horrible beast and there are 4
dead or dying cultists lying on the
ground there are two three dead or dying
pcs lying on the ground and you are
successfully away in your little sniper
pit up on a rooftop like shooting down
no we're Pesa oh that's right now I ran
up to him first aid on him that's right
yeah you and you're now standing by him
doing first aid and you have somehow
managed to parry everything that came
towards you with your crowbar you were
the one person the swords guys couldn't
couldn't kill and you just had the sort
of Akmala dropped down in front of
you yes and he will stride
immediately towards Emma and everybody
actually mmm you can make a spotty more
okay listen don't try to make us by
hitting you may have spotted you know
what you're looking for yes
all right so when Emma fell down she
like got shot that she sprawled forward
out of her bag the Scimitar that she has
clattered onto the ground and he's now
lying on the ground glowing oh okay and
the sword of Akmala has seen it and he
you speak Arabic oh yeah and he says
under his breath it cannot be but it is
with your spot hidden roll yeah
you will notice his sword is very
similar to that sword
Bryan oh so wait well good for him but
conflated the symbol and everything this
is a little nice power for that so he's
your semi aware of him I'm following
alright so he comes up to you and he
grabs the girdle the box with the girdle
in it I haven't in my does he just take
it off yeah he's yeah yeah you you would
you like to struggle no that's alright
alright the sort of off mala by the way
is a that is he he is about 65 wiry
muscle this is like oh god I was about
to make a super old reference look up
Jack LaLanne kids okay he does a lot of
push-ups it's the thing but he is
just this wiry ancient man
with a massive simper and he he picks up
the girdle and he's still looking at
your sword and did you make any
indication that you did did you speak
Arabic to him and all you down okay so
he will say to you he'll say where where
did that sword come from and I'm gonna
tell them that it was made for us for
her for our group
for her yes and he will then he'll yell
in Arabic get all of these people in the
hospital and you will all be helped into
the hospital by orderlies you have your
own space and and and I'm going to make
sure that I keep track of Oh everyone's
belongings is are very carefully kept
with them okay and that sort is
incredibly well taken care of perfect no
one touches it with their hands perfect
they bring out cloth and they like put
the cloth under it and they they lift it
up damn straight they do perfect and
it's gonna be it's gonna be two days
you're gonna be in the hospital for two
days so so that's the eleventh and
twelfth
Aleksey post two full days yeah you can
but we can you two are not gonna be in
the hospital so we'll get to you in a
sec yeah but we we don't necessarily
need to skip those two days that's just
no no no yeah yeah yeah no cuz we can
get that's the whole point of the space
meet so he can read while he's a hundred
percent we're not gonna skip the two
days I'm just letting them know that
they're gonna be in the hospital for two
days
um and I'm gonna let whichever wonder if
one of you would like to help with some
medicine rolls
you're welcome to that's okay I'm good
look Coulson was here and sent him in
yeah that's not my speciality one that
spends the two days in the hospital yeah
is going to get seven hit points that
thank God major we stays the major wound
everyone with a major wound make a con
roll okay 9000 Lisa's here this I can't
see that 79 would anyone like to push
so you were cause you're your major
wound upon my cost fifty five so the
odds are in his favor but if he pushes
he bikes an infection in the hospital
this should be an ASMR noise Oh the ring
of a coin like that I like it does it
pushes conrol so the thing yeah dammit
how much the lousy thing to push on no I
got really 90 just you're not gonna die
yeah if you I move I mean don't fumble
I probably iced you longer stay in the
hospital soon well we want you to get
rid of much major major wound you drop
to zero sorry you died
what strikes of him natural medicine of
subsidy would take he is a very
interested in medicine he's been working
on that as a little hobby medicine you
alright well so he's getting these
alright yeah you can I will yeah you're
like he's gonna well sorry
till second guess the doctor you think
is a miniscule amount of medicine to
alright we've got that now I'm gonna
share for this one this one I can so
yeah YouTube they are pretty much out of
commission for two days as they are in
varying levels of consciousness both
drug impeded and alert going oh we don't
need consciousness so you're gonna go
you're gonna go to the museum yeah why
are you gonna go with him here's your
chance to read the network yes Oh LaVon
because I need to see it
alright I'm going wonder if there's
multiple copies of the Necronomicon on
the other side hmm then you could
disturb library full of them yeah
something in the locker is there I can
see so you head to the museum and dr.
before when you come in says oh where is
where's he's been in a terrible accident
so you know yes the space Meade that you
brought up I believe that he's gonna
want to continue reading while he
recovers oh I seen well of course of
course and he pulls out like a gourd a
gourd with like a root stopper in it
nice so what's the dosage one shot glass
okay one shot glass will send a man or
woman to the Dreamlands
for eight hours hmm but that eight hours
will seem like days to them in the dream
mmm okay can I take that so can I
take could I take it with me or did
their their the Moscow gluten no
they're in the actual in the hospital in
the hospital yeah that is a hospital
this it's in the hospital did you say
the mosque of eben - it was the closest
place that we could its get that's an
asylum well it was the closest place
that we could get them a sort of
accidence this it was a very bad
accident and so it was right there and
bad acts I didn't have that kind well I
mean if you - if you really needs on the
other side mm-hmm if you really need it
yes you can you can take this I I would
ask you to bring whatever you don't use
back to me of course and you you
should know that the the people who
guard the mosque of IBN tulun don't take
kindly to this sort of thing so
gift-wrap it be discreet mmm
yeah we can do that yeah I tried all
right so yeah you'll give you you have a
gourd full of I don't know what you're
gonna find shot glasses at a mosque
we're gonna have to I think we're gonna
go back to the web I'm sure we retry has
one suitcase that is just like a full
down bar just I know that you can get
that in the back of a Range Rover if
you're in England
really yes we're not in hunters packet
are you I don't your trunk lifts up and
not only do have two shotguns but you
have like a full drinking like you have
a full bar I have incorporated that into
my luggage situation we're just assuming
that is no Range Rover signature glass
basically and I'm twice as big been I've
been known to you know move things for
this nothing's carefully from place to
place so we'll figure out a way to uh
yeah you can sneak them in no problem
yeah especially they are so they're
in the hospital part of it so do you
want to I should have asked if we all
meet up but oh well I'm sure we do all
meet up if we okay let's go I'm sure
this will all work out work out fine so
work out fine okay so you head back and
address do you know for me it up if we
take this in the dream lens yes I mean
you have a strong connection to each
other so it's it's fairly likely you
you should know that I cannot go to the
Dreamlands mmm oh good wait you won't
have my yeah I limitless that was that
was a sarcastic oh good that was an oh
great
I understand sarcasm then we're moving
on you so you come up and the the sort
of off mullah will you'll find him he is
sitting in Emma's room and he is just
sitting there staring like a hole her
geez
all right mr. fan no space mean for me
it's medicine house I will I will thank
him for watching over our people okay uh
in the meantime I awake during some of
this yeah you are guarantee exactly ask
him like how'd you get your sword do you
have a cool name for your org can you
help me get a cool name for my sword
like to the point where it becomes clear
to you very quickly that he speaks no
English okay which is fine
I still kill and he said but he keeps
saying something to you in Arabic okay
honey Arabic know who's asking what your
sworn angels say it to me and all right
at how am i you don't speak Arabic what
did you say you don't know oh well just
some gibberish no but but but can can
can Emma get it another treasure that's
right yes yeah I can you tell me
something and I run out and I'm like I
think he said this and it's you're like
what that's hilarious but okay and
you'll actually walk in when he is like
saying like emma is like leaning up in
bed like pointing that he's got the
sword in like a big scabbard on his back
right no sympathy at his side yeah uh
here so he's and she's like pointing at
it going hey what's that called hey what
do you call good what's can you name my
sword and she's clearly like you know
some morphine involved or something no
that's just Emma sorry yeah
this is how she Sobers up this is les
Morgan ocean water booze together and he
is saying in in Arabic he's saying you
are the one you are the one Oh
Maskull so so does he he sees me when
I come in and know he is super focused
so I will I will thank him and and and
I'll say say though I heard you the one
what she is now the sword of Akmala
do I hear this no it's an Arabic okay
here mala okay oh no you you are the
sword you are the sword that is the
sword
Wow
well and so you don't use services that
seriously you've come to yeah fair
amount and when he sees that you're
somewhat conscious he hands you the
girdle the box with the girdle in it
okay and he says to you to translate
this is now her burden to bear I have
guarded the girdle of night Icarus for
six centuries I am old I am tired my
brothers and as he says my brothers the
five other old guys who were up on the
wall have come into the room and they're
all like looking at the girdle my
brothers and I desire rest our watch is
ended and they dissolve into ash what
the hell just happened Joan you got out
of answering your question they have
given the girdle to you they say now you
are in charge of it and their term of
six centuries is over and now it's your
that sword they they say that is the
sword of Akmala now is the other sim
thar there it's gone it went away along
with them yeah that is it and you are it
[Laughter]
they're not smart here are they oh they
were smart they got out the smartest
move they've made all day they got out
they got out all of them all five of
them even the old guy I give tract no
you haven't seen no did not show up in
the room okay what no no we haven't seen
him I was gonna see if I could find out
where he was we should talk to him okay
this is too much responsibility I see
where he was in the after I talked to
her I was gonna see what is in the he is
in a room in the hospital he is
semi-conscious he is pretty drugged up
and you know he he seems even older than
when you saw him it's like he's aging
and when you will come in he will
feel like he'll look up when someone
comes in with eyes that don't see
anything say nessam Messing know it it's
Joan - where is nessam desam and his
I am alone to guard the girdle they
passed the girdle on and said that they
found the sort of off mala
they found a sword they believed was the
sort of off mala
this is a wonderful day then my my in my
the it's over how are you feeling as if
everything has been lifted off of my
shoulders this is the best day of my
life
well I'm glad you feel better
[Laughter]
yeah well dust all the medical no they
weren't the doctors the old guys were
the ones with the gun okay yes yes she
does tell the guards yeah sure now the
guards yeah god yes we did so well the
last time so I just wanted to let you
know I want to I am is the sort of uh
Kamala here yes can I speak to him she
is not feeling well she was caught up in
the in the fight as well you'll forgive
me your Arabic is in and out you used
the wrong gender ending on your verb
it appears so prophecy what was the
prophecy we would guard the girdle of
night Icarus until the new sort of a
Kamala came and removed the burden from
us and took the burden upon took the
burden upon themselves the prophecy had
no gender
no prophecy but so now you can rest
[Laughter]
good time to say that yeah yes my
prophecy like burden God and he'll like
lapse and unconsciousness I will back
out of the room right everything's fine
yes
so yeah you are now this is the
afternoon of the eleventh in this
hospital there is a repair work going on
outside there is some surprise that like
one of the doctors who speaks English
well she's telling him we'll come to you
and say where did mr. FD go who I'd
have no idea a tall gentleman with a
sword I just I just got back from
visiting the museum they they have been
in that building across across the path
there is that where my friends are no no
you guys are all in the hospital on her
Hospital there was the the the sort of
office part that was the the old mosque
where you originally knocked on the door
and saw that Alda hobby and that sort of
thing
they have been over there since well
since I have come here and they are what
get my yeah they are there they have
been the elders at this temple since
before I was here and they they were our
guards and after last night it was clear
we need guards hmm have you you haven't
done no I just uh
there was no answer when I when I
knocked on the door you we usually will
send breakfast over yeah well so thank
you very much you're welcome but your
friends are not in great shape we are
but they are being taken care of okay
I'm gonna go visit then of course of
course yeah
so you you'll come in right as she's
backing out of Aldo Hobie's room okay
gonna he's still there he's still here
okay so cool yeah yeah all the hugs will
not be me he wasn't he wasn't tackled
that badly right I don't know what's
happened yeah II know I know then I'm
just saying it's still there is that
let's let's get some good on the
house yes miss so he has like a gourd
what kind of wrapped up or sorry yeah
sure yeah yeah yeah although they don't
care anymore their curtain is gone
are we in separate rooms that way yes
yeah oh yeah the minute the room is yeah
then you're all in separate room we're
gonna start with Yosef so he can get a
head start and looking for the library
where it we're gonna split the party in
the dream lands we'll have to find each
other but like he should get there first
and then we all go I name will be the
plan okay sounds good the headdress
mm-hmm
said we'll you might change in the
depends on your dreams huh huh but you
will not the rules of the game don't
apply in the dream lands so niala 30 can
actively send things against you if he
would he have any weight you know yeah I
see we know I mean you don't know that
he knows but mmm there's a strong
confidence there he knows okay I just
have to we'll have to move fast and well
John be able to bring her staffs with
her
staves sorry I'm very interested to see
that okay they are not I am because of I
am sentient I cannot enter the dream
lands since they are not sentient it's
possible that they would be able to go
in there okay you're gonna want to hold
onto those tightly take an hour to
attune do you think there's any way that
we can all get everybody in one room
like we can have a time to meet I mean
not not all at once
but if we get multiple containers we can
try to synchronize but I think we're
gonna do yes everybody drink at once try
to burn and then rest okay we should all
try and finger watches yeah think of
each other tennis all right so he is
super unconscious so you're gonna walk
up and basically like pour a shot glass
of Eddie so you pour it out and it is
viscous it's it's almost like a paper
mache without the paper in it mmm like
modge podge or something yeah
like Elmer's glue particles down smooth
a little bit of alcohol will finish the
dreams then obviously don't mess with
this alright alright
and so you are suddenly in a library
that stretches as far as your eyes can
see oh alright of has no idea that
someone just gave in the super elf nice
dream it's night I whispered Lipari into
rest of the Necronomicon as I you so wow
you are in this massive library and all
of the sudden a voice says look for the
Necronomicon lots of baby sounds like a
good idea so he would begin with stroke
you go to the card catalog if there is a
curricular there's a huge card Oh like
the first as you say is there a card
catalog like a card catalog just like
zoos I was wonderful and you know you
are going yet you are this is the
library of your dreams tea service and
so as Eve you so you're looking up a
Lizzy the Austin Necronomicon okay so
like its it is like an automat there's a
ding and you see a glass window on the
wall over there next to a very
comfortable chair a a lamp with
tassels oh this is good so he will
stroll pleasantly over there he feels no
pain no wounds everything's great he
sails in grabs a book doesn't need to
wear any of those nasty gloves looks
around for possible tea service if there
isn't he sure I mean this is a dream to
you so so a some sort of small green
man brings you on on a pillow there's a
purple pillow and on that purple pillow
is a cup of tea
excellent and he said and he says
something to you in a language you've
never heard before it probably makes
perfect sense though
Thanks all right exit takes in us so
there's hair in the tea but it's good
hmm it's very strange hmm it's excellent
it is it's like it's not strained or
something but so it's clearly hair and
you don't know what you know but you're
fine with it so yeah you start reading
and you know it's almost like a montage
scene where you're just like and that's
where the camera just goes away from you
just speed reading through this book as
like outside like the Sun Goes Down the
tirelessly who's next
oh I bolt out because time goes
differently I recall yeah yeah we have
precious little all right so when we pre
pour all the shots for the rest of us
yeah I'll get Emma Oh gags Andrea all
right so you are both conscious in there
you're both conscious enough that you
don't have to have someone drink feed
you is horrible stuff mmm we tell them
that we need to meet in the dream world
now why are we going to the dream what
is going on all right wait hold on so
let's do this scene first No why are we
going to the dream world that's not a
safe place time works differently there
you guys will heal faster
yosef will get all the information
faster we don't have a lot of time time
works cheers I hate you all right this
one just has some trouble I just sent
him into the dream land we need to drink
this quickly and get to him I can't
drink
you drink and you can if you are even
yourself right well I can drink a lot of
things trust me a lot of things here's
some there's been some things called
prohibition that I've dried just things
I've drank drank that no with you in
fact that's a great idea for a bug [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
things I drank that's my my I put it
down in front of her and I get there's
this turn here by sure my dad right he
like drinks it and he's gone and sitting
on your bedside table right by the the
box that has the girdle in it is a shot
glass that has your initials on it well
of course it's some horrible is there
some place I can hide the girdle I mean
the hospital room is pretty bare there's
a small chest that has your basically
your clothes and tuck it under you know
yeah I would say can I put it on my
pillow sure I mean like under your back
make someone have to like get to you you
can wear it so I'm gonna you're gonna
hide it under your pillow yeah you could
maybe hide under the mattress the
mattress is fairly thin but you could
princess in the pee it I'm just
wondering if the pillow works better
because then you're propped up and you
can't really see it I'm gonna grab my
sword and I'm gonna take it and just be
like cut so you drink yeah I I do want
to say before but before I took the shot
that and then I grabbed one of my
daggers out of the bedside table it's
all trust fear in your dream there are
adapters everyone I want to make sure
but welcome to night heart gaming who
just raided us we're playing Call of
Cthulhu and everyone just drank space
meat and is headed to the dream land so
it's all gonna go crazy whenever we're
do we get that inspiration now yes wait
not just to meet it it's no no you got
the tube right
every time we're raided we give away a
Nord games deck so hashtag chaos in your
chat thing and you can win yourself a
deck must be we'll do it at some point
probably before the break on
guessing but get that hashtag in there
and win yourself a a deck from our
friends at Nord games must be present to
win only in the US and Canada excluding
Quebec blah blah blah legalese there you
go nice you'll owe us your second
children you know that's me the first of
the practice one yeah the first one is
the one you care about you say we'll
take the second one they're like well
okay number two or number three whatever
I'm bossy like you know we all have
those friends they have their first kid
could you put on hand sanitizer man you
touch the baby the second boy I'll be
back on Wednesday yes
well we blend it it'll be fine
so thanks again for reading us we're
really we're having so much all right so
let's see timewise you actually go in
next
so you both go in to the Dreamlands
and you are in a museum just a giant
museum and everywhere you look there's a
little placard and this says like statue
of whatever found by Joan Lam this says
this everything in this museum you put
in here and sweet and you're just you're
just walking down this hall and you look
out a window and you see Yusef sitting
in a chair outside just like flipping
through a book at rapid speed sweet good
we're in the same place you are also in
a museum and all on the walls there are
daggers as far as the eye can see and
next to each dagger is a little
description like ancient Sumerian heart
sacrifice
a sacrificial dagger found by Joan lamb
but there are just incredible like
daggers that you feel just the raw power
from hmm get the one that did in Caesars
[Laughter]
yeah you cou you all you like go through
there's a card catalog in here like I
think I know how to use this and you you
find there is a very plain-looking
dagger with a couple drops of dried
blood on it all right I'm didn't do I
have like something she's about me that
I could yeah you have now you have a
belt that can hold like five daggers
excellence got like they're all set
there I'm gonna collect them the one
that did in Caesar see if I can find a
triangle blade one of the ones that
makes it really hard to close you can
find it any knife you want alright you
have whatever knives you want to
describe to me ex on your person alright
so I'm gonna find five of them and then
like look around see if I can find Joan
yep so you find Joan looking out a
window and she's looking at Yusef who's
just flipping through a book at a rapid
speed you made it oh god there you are
I made it we made it did did the the
stings and myspace me with me yes
actually there on the wall ha so wait
and you the little placard a little
placard will say we'll say repositories
of power third dynasty Egypt donated by
Joan lamb all right they're here
professor Joan man thank you and both of
you make a spot hidden role no oh 99 yes
alright maybe but only you are super
well aware that Yousef is flipping
through this book and you're inside
mm-hmm it's going from night to day like
and you are also like and you're also
aware that Joan has been staring out of
this window for like two days and she's
just like she hasn't reacted to you
being there hmm or anything she's just
staring blankly out of this window I'm
gonna trust like snap my fingers in
yes all right yeah you you come out
of it
you don't get a skill check on pal I
know but I always there you sure make
sure when I do it I get myself the chip
I like it fair enough
anytime oh man we should make
inspiration cookies in the controls
you're like always saving for the game I
love how you see my Gideon but you would
never give him our inspiration yeah oh
yes you would so I snap my fingers in
front of her face and scene no I die all
right what are you all right yeah yeah I
found Yosef and now you're aware that
time is moving much quicker outside than
it feels like for you yeah I mean they
said that time works differently here
yeah I do think of it differently here
yeah I didn't think it was gonna be out
the window we should go go over to him
is that is there a door you've not found
a door can we open the window the window
will not open hmm you find yourself in a
giant Museum on the walls are all sorts
of Egyptian and historical things that
you don't really recognize and standing
frozen at a window are Alexandra and
Joan just staring out a window
completely frozen when I touch their
shoulders low nothing okay okay okay
what if I think about I have to get to
yosef like when you think when you think
I have to get to use it Joseph you look
out the window
oh no I avoid looking out the window
because they're frozen
alright well then you don't see
yourself but but really hard didn't do
anything and the headdress isn't here
for advice the headdress is not here
okay I'm gonna well you two stay here
I guess and I start running and looking
for an exit okay you take off running
both of you make me a con roll oh no no
yes totally
fourteen so my con sucks there is
suddenly a weird Breeze in this hall and
no there was a breeze oh it must mean
Amy's a door open somewhere it was I'm
just there for a second if that oh
they're ghosts here my museum is that'd
be cool too you know it's like word you
know alright when you when you say it
would be cool if my music museum was
haunted oh there is a Cesar walks by
with a gaping wound what you you know
you somehow know this is Cesar and he
said and he said you speak Latin you
speak Latin but you have somewhat out I
have Italian okay I will give you a hard
Italian success mmm okay all of you tell
Ian she knows is in opera you're not
wrong 74 all right so you get the sense
that he's like noticing the knife and he
says something in Latin and then he just
walks through the wall and I just look
at him touch the knife gently hmm whoa
you just had to wish for it to be
haunted you wake up and you you wake up
to the warmth of Sun on your face oh it
is it is a beautiful feeling you feel in
great shape you feel wonderful and
across your lap is the sword of Akmala
there are about eight rabbits just like
looking at you hello friends hello are
you named Emma yes I am what's my name
is Emma - excellent - they told me I'm
Emma I'm Emma Emma - Emma whenever I am
number nine the rabbit prisoner exam
what do you guys do here this is where
we are we are Emma do you go other
places there are no other places really
so if we get up and walk around we
wouldn't find anything we've never tried
that you try you are the smartest Emma I
suspect as much which is frightening and
said so yeah reason got eight little
rabbits
we'll all like hop along following you
okay and you walk down there assisting
cos lines there's a little there's a
brook like a stream of water and a fish
pokes its head out of the water and says
hello Emma and the rabbits all go hello
Emma how long have you been here this is
where I am sweet where have you swum up
and down the stream yes and weird have
you stuck your head out other places No
do me a favor swim like which direction
just pick one like is there one by
downstream yeah I was was it downstream
is less work yeah but say let's go ahead
and swim downstream and take a look and
then come back and tell me what you see
okay sounds great it swims off so you're
just gonna like sit and wait there yeah
just kind of sorry one of the rabbits
like looks at the sword what's that
that's my fancy sword it's it's it is
fancy what is it do you want to take a
sniff and so I show it to my rabbit
friend the rabbit runs up and just runs
its neck across the night floor and
there is now and the blood soaks into
the blade and the blade flashes what do
you mean flashes like the blade that
goes Shh okay and the blood just soaks
in there's no blood stay on there and
there is the the exsanguinated body of a
mother rabbit oh you can't let it go to
waste
[Laughter]
mo rabbits why did Emma do that the
sword is the sword calls to us what does
it say does it just say jump on me it
wants our blood do you don't have to
give it your blood oh but it it wants us
to do you don't have to let's you're
the smartest Emma yeah I know
you know what you don't have to we
should keep walking and so I'll walk
downstream and follow the fishes like
you follow the fish yep you come upon a
jewel in the distance you see a chair
hmm and a lamp mm-hmm and just a
disembodied window okay and you come up
to the chair and Yusef is there frozen
okay so I poke Yusef I just push up no
nothing happened
in fact when you tree it's like he's a
statue okay and you look in the window
and you see Alexandra and Joan frozen
staring out the window okay make me
let's go to the spot hidden role I'm
that's a 18 so odds definitely an
extreme success oh man okay so you
you're you're staring in there and
almost like a super imposition of an
image on a photo you see very briefly
silvano kind of just move across look at
the window so can I touch the window
it's yeah you can walk up to the window
okay so I'm gonna pound on the window
and scream Silvan don't break the window
why that's that's not ours that's the
lamb museum window well professor lamb
won't mind so I keep pounding on it
silvano Solano biggest strength rule
listen take that Cthulhu I mean no no
all right you hear it's almost like a
bee buzzing have time to do anything it
sure yeah yeah you were well I mean
you're gonna be on the whole so for me
time is of the essence says I didn't
mention how much danger we were actually
into anyone yeah - look there's an egg
demand I run back and okay Mike and I
find an exit I try and pull I try and
pull them away from the window shake
they are they are in movable Oh God
okay with my back to the window I step
in front of them and I tried it the same
trick when he was reading or it's just
like ah you can't see now both of you
just yes it I got it all right you have
you know not feeling when you close your
eyes and there's like light little like
semi-thing is it some of those run
across your vision briefly what are you
okay whoa I just saw something go across
my face like little bugs no sparks so I
try to brush it away yeah it goes weird
okay Murray where Emma and Silvano are
yeah they should all be here I don't
like this all right you can't we can't
see anybody else outside accept accept
him accept him okay let's see mm-hmm
yeah so you are sitting there just
flipping through and you feel a snake
wrap itself around one shoulder very
slowly look over the shoulder to see
there is there's just a really happy
looking snake there which is weird
that a snake can somehow convey
happiness to you if you if you what's
your name Joseph up could if you could
not my name is Emma Emma the snake it's
a little on the nose isn't it oh oh
are you Emma Emma yes Emma so you where
are we you're in the dream lands so I
owe a I'm having a dream and I'm
imagining that you're in a dream you're
not having a dream you're in the dream
lands don't remember being in the dream
lines nobody does well I was really in
the I was in a really good portion in
the book I was really in them oh you
wouldn't mind perhaps did you get it
scroll up over there by the lamp that
would be fantastic
okay would you like a snack I can get us
some food well I was supposed to tell
you something but I can just go over
here Oh what's what's the message oh I
was just supposed to tell you that your
my kit makes it do it's like makes you
I don't know which answer would change
John can take care of herself University
I didn't like them how much oh you mean
my colleagues the cults the Great Dane
people well I guess all of them probably
every single friend I've ever known
well no that's ridiculous so what are
being very pedantic which which ones
specifically are gonna die and when are
they gonna die in by well the friends of
yours that are in the dream lands well
who's in the dream lands I thought was
just you and me Emma well emma is in the
dream lands okay she's not gonna die
right you're not gonna die you're Emma I
mean the only way I'm gonna die as if
Emma kills me but you don't kill
yourself
I can't good so you're fine who else is
in the dream lines Alexandra is in the
dream Lance oh goodness
she didn't Chuck professor lamb is in
the dream land she has out Museum Oh
snorer well what about Silvio Bono is
here as well oh well where is he
he's usually hanging out with me out
when we buy notes but he's not here he's
in the museum well he should be in the
library
mmm-hmm hey this this is my dream I
would put him in the library in my dream
I wouldn't put him in museum your dream
doesn't affect people that have drink
the space mean they're having their own
dream oh that's really inconvenient so
if there are their different dreams and
I'm in my dream how would I help them I
woke up in the middle of some Oh
know how to help them to not die yes yes
you could warn them they were gonna die
but you've already been told this oh
that doesn't make sense
told us no that was an ellipse you've
already been told this I was gonna say
something else that you've already been
told but then you cut me off as if you'd
already been told it
oh well that's deep okay so I'm already
been told this time works differently
here hmm can I go backwards in time
you can't oh well they're gonna die in
the future time is entirely relative Wow
what if my time goes really really slow
then they'll have a lot of time some of
them what could you get a message to
them I could try
could you tell all of them to to come to
the library and then we could talk it's
really hard to leave the museum look the
ghosts don't want anyone to leave oh
you're a snake you can sneak inside it's
really hard to get in the museum hmm
could you tell them to break a window
why would you break a window then they
could exit what kind of monster are you
that's just a window just a window he
points to the window with the tail that
window is named Emma I know that window
why would it doesn't make any sense how
about they break a window that isn't
named Emma there are no windows not
named Emma okay could they open the door
there's no door to the Lam Museum if you
had a door you could get out the ghosts
don't want you to get out well
if they can't get out can I get in you'd
have to talk to Emma well I'm talking to
Emma you're Emma Emma the window okay
well could you ask Emma the window to
open look we are going through a rough
time me and Emma used to have a thing I
don't like to talk to Emma so much it's
it's uncomfortable
okay this Emma yeah that's what I said
okay well I'll direct my attention to
the window all right would you be so
kind as you please open
now why would I do that then I could
exit the museum wait thanks nobody
leaves the museum the ghosts don't want
it or how about what if I enter nobody
goes in the museum
Caesar won't allow it okay I speak to
Caesar why do you want to talk to do you
speak Latin oh just a time just a
little bit just just a small then you
should talk to Caesar
okay okay yes bring him to the
window all right so you two I'm not
actually you moving by you incredibly
slowly is a guy in a toga with a
bleeding wound in his side like in slow
motion just like walking down the hall
i trap Pope hey hey there's a fleeting
toga guys will eventually get out of the
way yeah well I mean you won't he'll
just walk well can I tell you just
described it there's a person walk yeah
there's a you know I'm not gonna have
him walk like I had one I don't know
that he can do that - it's just rude do
you speak any Latin I have Italian I'll
give you a hard Italians and I will not
so wait what what is a 96 I just stick
I'm good he's run away from fumbling
yeah you know what can I can i push it
can put you into push this seems okay I
haven't seen anyone else here and if he
can explain how I can get these to de
yeah I I will I mean peacefully says to
me as well as I can but it may not have
played call of cthulhu before and for
you who apparently has never played [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
when you you're gonna push this role
which means if you're successful great
but if you fail something terrible is
gonna happen
and I have no chance of getting it so
that yeah that's the math of it it's
like you know okay
I'll let him I wrote all right moving
okay so you too
yes you both
you see moving pretty quickly the ghost
of Julius Caesar floating down the hall
towards you and for a second he there's
a there's a it's almost like a glitch he
it stops and it says something in like
super high-pitched fast laughs and then
it keeps moving well and when it gets to
the window
it floats through the window oh he can
get to I was gonna ask him if you could
get help us get out terrific if you
could understand us or we him yeah Oh
apparently you can go through the window
here you know what you've had a great
deal of success doing I know how to you
need order the crowbar wing of the
museum remember that's just just run
right at it just run that so oh you are
looking at this scene and the fish pops
up and the fish goes hi I'm Emma mm-hmm
yes hi Emma ello went to get Caesar
which Emma not bunny
Emma no hey where is this bunny Emma she
had an accident
I'm right here I'm right here no Emma's
snake Emma okay he's getting Caesar
great one who is Caesar and why do why
is this why are you telling me Julius
Caesar was an ancient Roman Emperor okay
I know that then why did you ask well
but so why did Emma get Caesar I feel
like there's a joke with a chicken in a
room regretting the ask why did Emma get
so many questions asked you by whom and
what can Caesar do for you what could
Caesar do for me not Emma what Caesar -
let him in the museum okay so we're it
and I don't even know where to go with
this that's only okay so how do we
get into the museum oh you can't get in
the museum because cuz the ghosts won't
let you
I see so can one of the other Emma's go
get Caesar and bring Caesar to me
because I need to get some people out of
the museum
well Caesar has to talk to not Emma
first that's fine let Caesar talk - not
Emma is there anybody else can I talk to
Caesars manager is that Caesar in charge
here who's in charge you you say that
and a young man in a toga with a laurel
wreath mm-hmm
appears before you and says something in
Latin to you I'm gonna roll that roll
with these dice because I've used all
the good rolls but what is that there's
a 49 49 I still make it's all right yeah
your Latin is very good how much good to
get a check I'm I asked him are you
the manager of this this is stuff in
here so he says I am Octavian mm-hmm
what do you need I need you my
friends in the window I need to get them
out out of the library
no one leaves the museum why I mean
there's I'm sure there's a way to get
them out of museum they are protected in
the museum they are safe in the museum
safe from what everything not in the
museum those and he points at the
bunnies the bunnies are fine
are they not entirely well not so much
you know I mean we have learned we have
learned an important watch hmm if I
weren't making this all up I would have
prepared this watch just go for it do it
I'm trying to remember my Latin yeah it
wouldn't work make a Latin roll he says
something to you okay I'm like chriskiss
chriskiss - I'm 23 so yeah let me see he
said hard success well yeah you get it
um essentially he says we all know not
to trust Emma Sam is Latin proverb
specifically which one snake Emma other
Emma fish I'm a rabbit I'm afraid
they're M&amp;M a rabbit I'm a rabbit I'm a
rabbit Emma like yes which one they're
not trust Emma Wow Wow
your reputation is gotten around I know
that is what you are not in the library
what happens so if everything is safe in
the light so do they let me ask you this
do you understand that we're in a dream
world right now yes we're in the dream
land yes so can they leave the dream
lands once their time is up in order to
return to their regular land this is
their regular land it's not it's not the
from where we originated from we were
told that we will only be in the dream
land for eight hours in is an immutable
concept but in our land so we have the
we understand that we will be going back
I don't think I told you that did you
mm-hmm I was like here drink this we
have no time yeah okay
and some I'm sure there are people hmm
I'm sure ours will be different for each
of you which is fine but I'm just saying
will they be stuck in there for eternity
Emma you mean no the non Emma's in the
library oh I mean I mean the museum that
depends on them
so what do they have to do to leave in 8
hours they will leave ok that's fine but
if they die before that eight hours
Erica they will be dead mm-hmm
understand so but you said the library
is safe no the museum is I'm sorry the
museum is safe because we don't let
anything in or out okay well no now you
don't know you lied about that because
you let I beg your pardon
I am Octavian greatest of the Roman
emperors I do not lie oh really oh
really trying to historically think of a
lie I'm just like you can make a history
roll yeah I don't think I have history
well that will greatly hamper your
ability seriously you did learn Latins
yes so you remember a time in seminary
yeah when people were like you know some
posting about I'm just gonna pull out
this link to George Washington story of
Octavia or something you're hosting a
five-percent so-and-so's like the best
gladiator ever and I was like you
gambled and you cheated this guy and you
lied oh that's that's Eman number nine
for ya
tip number nine you really can't trust
Emma no you can't we know everything
well you have bested me so you what you
get one one of your heart's desire what
how can what can Octavian do for you oh
no don't waste this on us kill the black
Pharaoh
very well do you want to watch yes very
well come with me
Octavian will take your hand like as you
whisk away uh-huh
I'll miss you mock Tavian says do you
want to kill the black Pharaoh or should
I know you should do it I'll mess it up
trust me very well and so he will yeah
you're zooming off all right you Wow
finish the Necronomicon deep breath
close eyes sigh ponder ponder ponder
Potter you immediately start reading it
again you finish and you're just like
Ram
I mean how I get that the first job you
start some beginning and again you're
just zipping through it you're making
some credible progress make me a power
rule yes success 22 is the hard success
hard success all right you were gonna
lose six sanity okay okay and you're
gonna gain ten Cthulhu Mythos I'm so
cool excellent
Oh oh my god yeah most of us yes you
will learn to spells of your choice you
you can basically create two spells
oh my god okay how much time does yours
player have to determine what you think
about that for now and we'll you know
you can also this is the kind of thing
you can remember later you have two
spells that you can come up with now
there there will probably be some
negotiation around what they do but you
know the stronger they are you know the
more the of a cost there will be but you
have you have two spells that you can
just call one idea and I'm gonna work
yeah all right
you are gonna dive through that window I
don't know
I'm taking your word for that no no I
I'm sorry you are what are you got you
know you told me ever to dive through it
okay I go through it alright so as you
go to run through the window Caesar he
what turns slowly around and like you
see his face like you hit the window and
it shatters in a mosaic like all of a
sudden the scene that you saw of him
singer it's like a stained-glass window
and it just shatters I think to myself
this went way better than I thought it
would I said you are falling just like
you're falling a long way down with like
the window around you and the window is
constantly reforming in two different
images you both suddenly like the window
in front of you shatters yeah and you
see Silvano ago me like he appears out
of nowhere like there's a freeze-frame
of him hitting the window and he's like
this and the window is showing is Impa
is sort of impacting out and you wake up
and that immediately goes quiche and he
plummets down Oh desperately gravity how
far that mean is you want to art down
what is this eh
what does it seen outside the window
look like is it is yosef still sitting
in the show there is a huge moat uh-huh
of nothingness and then across that you
see you see
so across that you see Emma take the
hand of a young attractive man in a toga
and fly away she slides away okay and
Yusef
at the tea at the seat closes the book
goes like that and then opens the book
again and is just
is it still day night day night day
night it is not that that seems to have
ended okay
yes well broken window again I'm gonna
look around us in the museum yeah so in
the museum you see a Caesar has come
back in and he's just looking at the
window just like what his hat well in
Latin he's yeah this is something in
Latin but really sounds like what has
happened I mean having the gesture is
pretty universal
it's what yeah what though we get the
what no part that be in Latin anyway I
don't interrupt play for a lot of things
but for my favorite twitch streamer
everything stops because the Baroness
has given I'm assuming me the Baroness
has given 1500 bits from white she has
my goodness
so tradition says that when the Baroness
does something we have a GI Joe movie
yeah yes however as I said in discord
there are really only so many GI Joe
moments I mean we could do a deep dive
on the comic book which is considered
canonical but instead I'm gonna widen it
a little bit too bad 80s television yes
because you know I thought like we could
talk about Riptide which one of the
first instances of a robot sidekick
fabulous show my favorite part of
Riptide and I want to use this in a game
who maybe in warrens game there were to
play the two main characters had a
contest over who got their nose broke
more often and it was a running gag into
the show of like oh that's seven ripped
I'm pretty your character in days I can
have but but I want to keep it in
cartoons and I want to talk about my
favorite cartoon I was a kid Star
Blazers oh yes Star Blazers in is from
an anime mega battleship Yamamoto Yamato
and it a fantastic soundtrack one of the
tracts but you know this my father the
greatest man who ever lived
taught me physics from Star Blazers
because this is a cartoon where the heat
the world is being assaulted by horrible
things and they say you know what we
should do let's turn that battleship
into a spaceship and then the battleship
becomes a spaceship and it proceeds to
act like a battleship in outer space so
every episode the Yamato gets bombed
mercilessly and not at all stopped using
the same stock footage every time the
Yamato lists to the side and smoke pours
out behind it and my dad just goes that
can't happen
and he was just there and tell me all
the ways that that could not happen and
that like is literally one of the best
memories of my life for that moment
uh-oh did he do that at movies as well
no he might that didn't go to movies ha
ha ha he didn't like to do remember the
song oh yeah of course get through all
the fire and the smoke we will never
give yourself a favor
Thomas is throwing shade at the last
Jedi here but do yourself a favor and
look up the theme song to Star Blazers
because it's fantastic by the way season
2 taught a young me about like the
calendar and stuff because season 2 had
like a time limit there was like the
comet Empire is only 300 days away and
so I learned about continuity because
you'd be watching on Channel 36 it you
know 3:00 3:30 on Channel 36 it would
come on and I could tell if the episode
was out of sync because at the end it
would be like
hurry star force the comet Empire is
only 294 day I'm like yesterday it was
270 what is going on special place in my
heart that's when he learned about
that's we learned about reruns and yes
syndicated television yeah you love you
bareness so
I'm totally ok so yeah you just blend it
out the window you're both liking out
the window trying to figure out what's
going on you're flying off with Octavian
yeah you're reading the making more
sense now yeah yeah more sense so I'm in
the rope I'm you are think it's a you're
plummeting and the window keeps changing
shape and it's it's creating it's
creating images as it's going and the
first one is a Pharaoh made of like
black stone and the second one is some
sort of horrible tongue creature which
one of the that one the pass on that one
the third one is a bat like a flaming
bat better than last two okay we're
getting better and the fourth one is a
water AAA a drowned water log almost
maybe it's female figure person possibly
a person it kind of looks like those
like fertility idols you see except if
they drowned one somehow and that was
clearly you know like ghosts window show
make a power rule oh oh wait no I don't
have the headdress oh right yeah it's
broken
8:59 gonna stay on that one
I mean it's wasted inspiration oh but I
don't want to be falling and seeing
horrible images at the same time no no
so you alright so you fail the role so
they say okay so you say broken windows
show me something nice and the broken
window like turns into a puppy oh you
and this broken window looks you and
says and a sound of the voice that comes
out is like fingers on a blackboard or
like glass grating against each other my
name is Emma oh I know an Emma - oh you
know Emma - Wow I know an Emma as
well help help we're falling it was
really wanted is the sensation of
falling kind of wary it's how all of
these are here's where something okay so
the adrenaline wears off and now you're
kind of like you forget and then you
remember you know Jesus and I'm not
moving
can I still see anything that I'm going
towards or away from over there's just a
sense of I mean the only sense of
falling is there's like a wind you know
there's a lot of wind but there's no
sense of like there's no wall going like
that you know it's just blackness all
around you it's it's really got a puppy
and and yeah and and the other awkward
or weird thing about it is you clearly
have the sense of falling but you are
standing so it's almost like you're
falling while standing on something and
you can like gesture and you can you
know you can sort of move and that sort
of thing
and
you need help yes yes I need to get I
need to get to Joseph he's reading a
horrible book and I'm supposed to be
there to stop him from reading it Oh was
he in the library yes I I can help
you
that would be fantastic hold on let
me get Emma okay and the window turns
again and it is the headdress of eyes
hello Emma that's not my name no okay
sorry
youyou how did you bring me here where
is here oh I think why are we falling in
the same and relative rate when you wait
far more than I know no does it no it's
all about I don't think I know about the
terminal velocity thing but anyhow
yeah it's some you have a decent
education tell you about Galileo can you
help how are you here I know and I asked
you first
how am I here I put you on all right
yeah you grab the glass and you put it
on you take a point of damage as glass
Oh Jags into your oh you're not oh and
and and the headdress is once and like
before that it was audibly speaking but
now it's once again in your head and
this this shouldn't be happening well I
mean that's fun on many many levels yes
how why I so I jumped through a window
that I saw a man in a toga walk through
and it shattered it was named Emma
started showing me horrible images you
be the way I need to I need to get to
Yosef alright
I think mm-hmm how this works is you you
essentially ask for something to happen
and it happens within the rules of this
terrible place why did you think my name
was Emma look that's really insulting
that you know Emma and I had a thing for
and so bringing that up I know it hurts
I got mean well I'm sorry I'm being hit
with the letter because the time I had a
thing with them was wrong that was
anyhow no the thing you were before was
Emma then you became you but you were
previously Emma so I assumed you were
still Emma my apologies it was an honest
mistake that that took since I would
like to go to Yosef now what I mean
don't tell me I know I just said it out
loud
no alright well I rolled a 99 so you say
I would like to go to Youssef now and
you here the headdress go wait what and
the glass shoots off of your head and
you're now on a flying carpet
moving up a glass a stained glass flying
carpet just shooting up and you - yeah
I'm looking yeah something looked out
and all of the sudden you you see the
arms out strike you see a very confused
looking Silvano with who seems to be
bleeding around his forehead like
shooting up towards you and the carpet
will come and drop you off right next to
Youssef who's flapping through the book
as he passes the window is there any way
we could like reach out and grab him and
grab on I'll give you a heart so yeah
you could jump out here's the thing
mm-hmm
I'll give you a hard decks roll but a
fumble here would be really bad
mm what's the chance of a fumble though
I need 5% it's me
one today already so it's done I haven't
and I'm do I just you're in the clear
the only reason he got up here is cuz I
phoned it
no we've got to go we've got to go I'm
gonna go for it all right
hard decks roll what were they
responding to me yes we're in horrible
do it do it do it do it nice here comes
the Emma yeah hard to climb all right
he's shooting up he sees you and you
start to move towards him and he clearly
reacts as if he did not expect you to
move and then he suddenly goes we are in
terrible danger
and you both fling yourselves at him
which is very surprising that the person
whose name we there are no rules here
we're not safe there's no rules he can
get us why are we here protective
because he needs to read the ball let's
go - yeah power alright yeah you guys
land there the worst idea so Octavian
yes awesome takes you to a massive evany
pyramid hmm
and he says I can't remember am i doing
this are you doing it well who is the
greater chance of success I mean you
should do it there is no chance of
success
you said you I owe you one boon well
then you said you kill you want to kill
the black girl you have to kill him
because you said you owe me one thing
and that's it kill the black Pharaoh so
you have to kill him very well - do you
want to watch yes okay
how horrible do you want his death to be
just make it done it doesn't have to be
horrible it doesn't have to be anything
it just has to be completely dead I mean
we're fans of drawing and quartering in
my time let's kill him first and then
you can draw in quarter after
about that I mean that's really a lot
less fun the whole point is the screens
here's the thing he's tricky and he'll
escape
he'll something will happen just let's
just maybe find dad and then just then
whatever
Sharan we can just post his body all
over the universe or whatever I like
yeah exactly vision all right come with
me
very Old Testament he starts to climb
this seemingly endless pyramid and and
you climb and it's sitting at the top on
a throne of liquid but solid blood who's
your friend
uh mr. Farrow this is Octavian Octavian
this is mr. black Pharaoh you have a
type where did you get that do you are
you now the sword of Akmala I don't
know what that means but I have a cellar
[Laughter]
do you have a girdle as well until mind
that's awfully personal I don't talk
about your underwear in public I have
nothing to hide oh we don't need to see
it that's okay keep it all are you
wearing owls the guardian of the girdle
of NIDA Chris didn't I just poke up to
avian appealing oh he's gonna kill me
yeah well why do you think we're here so
this isn't a social visit - it's so so
I'd die yes let's let's just walk
through this let's just meander through
right die no no no hang on I said quick
death he said drawn in corner so which
what happens in eight days if I'm dead
nothing
really yes so Cairo is fine it is you
said that you are going to destroy Cairo
have I done anything directly I always
operate indirectly actually the only
thing you really do is make veiled
threats mm-hmm you've got eight days to
see how failed it is no I have zero days
cuz Octavian's gonna kill you as soon as
you say that Octavian walks up and just
slices his head off and says do you want
his head open eight days what do you
mean eight days Octavian you said kill
him that means dead guys close I think
I'd okay okay I'm much better now
oh I mean of course you understand that
death is very different here in the
dream let's no I don't what does that
mean oh well this is awkward isn't it
well I thought that if you died here you
died someplace else I mean I may have
heard that or may have made that up
myself but well I mean I'm a ghost so
death is kind of meaningless to me
mm-hmm but that is an aspect of Naya
Thota okay
yeah which I my new that I mean I don't
know that but I know it I mean I've
heard it yeah it's very confusing in
yeah I I killed him
certainly mm-hmm and that will have some
impact on his power in your land mm-hmm
but it's not eternal death there is no
such thing as eternal death for
something like that but then
I would have to just kill daya without
them I mean yes but all of this is a
cycle if you kill him do you have one
for this time but the stars will be
right maybe it's 10 years maybe it's a
thousand years they don't care
time is meaningless to them but I can
take a vacation in the mean time I mean
regroup I hope your vacation is about
high because is that one I loathe otep
is right now part of him I mean there's
part of him in Cairo there's part of him
in Kenya where in Cairo I mean there's a
lot of pyramids I mean I thought I got
the one that was in Cairo that was from
Cairo no that was the black Pharaoh
that's here you've impacted the black
Pharaoh in the real world but like I
said you can't kill that thing do you
think you killed the father of maggots
well I thought you killed him when I
asked you to do that no you asked me to
kill the black Pharaoh
[Music]
the father of maggots was in that
pyramid you should ask the opera singer
she'll remember it okay yeah see in
Latin we have a concept there's a we
have fudge I just forgot the name of the
day there's a gun whose name he says
yeah who and this God has several
aspects and I on the throat F is like
this God is like Janice
he has many different aspects and they
all act reasonably independently but
they all are aware of each other
and they have each aspect has a
different but different me and the black
Pharaoh is much more a plotter and a
schemer the the the Beast
the bloody tongue so much on the
scheming much more direct the bloated
woman mm-hmm
just creepy really yeah I can see that
the sand bat best deal not not really
aware of what's going on the father of
maggots just kind of a big maggot yeah
but each of these aspects he's working
towards the same thing and they each
have followers and hangers-on
independence that help them you've met
some of them do you know in that museum
we have a ghost of Edward Gavigan really
yeah is he kind of smarmy just like he
was in real life he's really interesting
he speaks excellent Latin I'm sure he
does
all right so we come back here and
you're trying to pull him out of the
book or down doing the same thing as
before that worked okay so you come down
he's he's flipping pages the book has
teeth where is the next question it's
like the book is like a almost like a
Venus flytrap the Harry Potter books
yes fingers aren't over any of the parts
his fingers are flying I'm gonna try and
take like jacket or something
swing it in front okay as you start
to do that a snake will like lowly worm
stand up on its leg make a little fake
foot of itself
oh that is I don't think you should do
that I hello hi I'm Emma hi Emma
are you the Emma from before hey that's
a really complicated question here hmm
Emma turn into a snake pardon me for a
moment wait what'd you say when I said
that's a really complicated question she
said no go ahead you said you said
something while you should do that why
not because the teeth aren't gonna hurt
him they're gonna hurt you
or the jacket you think they just hurt
the jacket
what is the dream jacket put it over his
head
it is a dream jacket yeah but these
fingers are not dream fingers it's true
yeah have you ever had those dreams
where you wake up and you're positive
that your actual fingers are gone no no
that's just you the jacket over his head
no Sabine teeth like now the teeth is a
fairly common one although you keep them
any howling out I put that I put the
jacket more in front of him and then
near the book okay for the production of
there is there is a discernible growl
from the book youth and Yusef just like
pushes the jacket out of the way and I
swing it back we're gonna play a little
game - sighs hey
is a a an opposed power role yes no I
don't have the headrest wait I want the
headdress head I want the headdress back
my first visible I failed
yeah well yeah Raquel - oh he fumbled
though that phone with the power I'll
tell not her that's actually 9600 you
can I run you go thanks us you go Yusef
it's time to and his concentration
breaks and the book goes wrong how all
over his face Oh help help help help
Oh yep yeah okay we've got a crowbar
yeah what should we roll for this so you
to make strength rolls sup wait not you
don't make a strength through yet you
two are gonna make strength rolls for
every success that you get that's gonna
reduce his success he needs right now
he needs an extreme six-letter I get
know you'll roll again Daniel again I
wanted you get advantage because your
crowbar gosh actually you'll use all
right I'm using don't mess ah with
please oh okay I got I got a hard
success
I made a regular success I'll give you
advantage but there's a chance you're
gonna do damage to him I mean damages a
book is chewing on his face right now he
needs a heart good I made it alright you
need a normal success I'm done using
operation I will not need inspiration
yes
regular success yes alright yeah so you
um you met so there's this scene you
mm-hmm are not really aware of what's
going on it's just that dark all of a
sudden and you're going wait what's the
and then you're aware of a crowbar and
I'm not even in us and Silvano just
peeling the book off of you ah yes yes
you took
- damage though from this oh you took
three points of damage that's ace damage
to its appearance damage right first of
the damages well like scars mmm dropped
down getting up in the jacket have known
the ground type 40 all right side you
have the book and and there's literally
like you know you're wrestling this book
to the ground nice max just a break so
is it my cuts is there yeah there's like
definitely like bite marks around here
yeah we'll put the hands there the blood
yeah all right don't hit me over no I
can hit it find something like I use
this to starts the bleeding
alright the snake will somehow pull a
handkerchief out of it turn off the
handkerchief says I'm happy I could help
how did you know my name creepy yeah
didn't we talk we talked already you're
Emma well I've never talked to you but I
am Emma okay well I talked to your the
other end mother was a snake there was a
do I see them all are they all here yeah
I'm not even looking at him I'm looking
at look at the book with them the only
one that's not here is right there it
was a snake in the window and it's
something else but what happened what
happened what happened why why the book
was on your face it wasn't on my face I
was reading the book look what's on your
I was reading the book and you're here
would you do the book we're just holding
it so we just taking a break Oh God
do you wanna not a critical but you got
a hard success no not at no no I'm sorry
um close up real close show these shards
yeah of the window behind you like
shudder a little but don't move okay Oh
God want to change it or now I mean I
snake trying but the snake will loop
around your head oh I'm a headdress no
please yeah I'm the headdress of Emma
[Laughter]
we haven't seen Miami so that now Emma
came to the world as a sight I can't get
her off because I'm focusing on keeping
that look and there's a snake in our
world it tells a little on the nose is
it yeah okay hold on everyone
the window was in the two sivanna yeah
the window no window was Emma twelve as
well
oh oh okay there's multiple Emma's did
you cut my face seven rabbits come
hopping up well there's increasingly
fewer okay I've had this nightmare
okay are we in the museum no no we came
to get you in the library because you've
been sitting here for days and days and
days with that book we needed to give
you a break I told you to break Liam
please drink some tea I'm still Russell
we're all supposed to be in the museum
because if the museum is safe or not
here is not safe where you are not an
ATM we are not in the museum and why are
we shouting when we're not somewhere
safe we it's a great question it's a
wonderful we were in the museum we were
in the museum we had to come and get you
you weren't in there you have me okay we
hunt the snake off someone how did you
guys dress Betty come here that's fine
this is Clement just what you want
have you seen oh no I'm in the library
well you should roll better so is there
a lot can he see out the window no can
you see the gulf between yes yeah no no
you guys are all with him I know but
back in here you show yeah yeah there's
an opening into a building
oh-ho and we wanted a glass carpet over
yes yes Senta that's how things work
here yes let's do it let's let's take
take the book take you can he take a
look into the museum yes okay he's going
it is it's my museum found by Emma it'll
be perfect alright let's get on
Joe yeah that seems like I stole auntie
Hannah last carpet come on
so it makes a little bridge yes your
window oh what's going let's go let's go
all right we're going back to the me so
you all climb into the museum and the
window goes you know we just Emma no one
right here
no oh is this is it still on that's a
human Emma what that she'll my girl
there's miss her didn't you what are you
guys talking about she grabbed the hand
of the No yeah I saw that right you saw
that she's it oh she she did she grabbed
the hand of someone young in a toga and
went flying into the air well she'll be
back but she'll be out there
classic emma has magic she can get in
here yes I can
she just has to ask them the lutheran
well she controls the window she
controls the bunnies she controls the
snake she's everywhere
sure okay why are you gendering me no
i'm show of a human Emma it's easy and
then reading get T get some tea for some
tea
alright this is speaking of getting some
tea yes please
we're gonna take a break so hashtag I
don't know we might have already done
the dead giveaway I don't know yeah
there's no we already did the deck your
way so congratulations whoever won the
Deckard's yeah you yes we we wanted the
deficit that you hurry back just as soon
[Music]
looks right at Sen his head how did you
get here said 10 a.m. man I'm still
dreaming
no I slapped you in the back of the head
I mean you are I got that click later if
the morale is low just just like
anything what do you propose I do let's
say if Clint forgets to prep something
should I tell him he is pretty no who
opens a door and Bonnie are you done
with that yet do you need some help yeah
okay yeah actually no it's it's all
done good it's good
thank you you are doing a great job
thank you buddy it's captain well done
you're right we might have another devil
that's true chaos and Heflin upload with
one exclamation point that's the selling
point of Heflin that's how they else
outsell Disney my son do you know the
difference between a Catholic and a
Protestant I know that you both believe
in and this Jesus Christ and that you
have a split in the church that happened
many centuries ago and then more
hundreds beers yeah
[Laughter]
speaking normally for the sake of so
everybody in there perfect and just I'd
I shall take the dinghy you two shall
take the strap-on yes exactly so the
first attempt so you kind of you jump on
his back and you're like trying to get
the loops around here and you start kind
of choking him a little bit you can see
you've kind of got like reigns you're
like oh this'll work starts choking you
hmm
get off did you say tighter okay and I
jump down hold on man we need to plan
[Laughter]
hello everyone and welcome to cardboard
in chaos we are the Kaos agents we're
not due night we're playing Arkham or
the living card game hey everyone we're
gonna drop the beats let's do this right
now I'm on the super white guy he's a
channel here for some natural one so
we'll go ahead and get going because
it's already 10:30 thank you guys very
much for joining us we'll see you next
week and thanks for starting your week
[Music]
he's all made that saving throw I will
she was in the dice she was in the dogs
gonna decided turn up the turns no it's
the NAT one that's the way he dies
yeah but yeah
raucous your life just slips away in a
cloud of blood around you I make eye
contact with the shark before I die
you see Remy on it yeah you see Remy on
top of it and your body floats to the
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
welcome back so yes you are standing on
the ebon pyramid yeah next to this
throne of blood I have three questions I
will answer your three questions I will
have more but just for right now so
where exactly is the dark Pharaoh in our
world well sort of under the red pyramid
sort it's sort like digging under the
red pyramid sort of under the red
pyramid like look we all know the myths
I don't want to play the hole give you
recondite answers to questions you ask
so I'm trying to be as square as I can
all I know is he's under the red pyramid
so if I dug I mean if you went below the
red pyramid got it
next question so to delay the inevitable
that would be happening in January so
the Cataclysm what's called if I somehow
kill contain or inhibit how many aspects
of niala throat up how many do I need in
order to stop Nayla throat up well it's
really about the ritual and the ritual
the main ritual will be well you know
where it will be the map showed you
where it will be yep
what would you recommend I take with me
for the main main ritual to in order to
not not to argue when you're being so
kind and answering my questions but
Allegiant would be really useful but
like a legion of just general fighters
would they have to be magicians we don't
enlist the magicians and the legions
there are soldiers okay so this is just
straight up a fistfight at a certain
point okay sorry and really this
question is just gonna be very selfish
can I keep this with me in the real
world unfortunately nothing in the
dreamland will transfer over to the real
world
oh god this would be so epic if I could
have this with me the whole time please
please please I don't make the rules who
does I mean who makes the rules here but
I don't make the rules
who does you're gonna need to talk to
Emma Emma I am Emma sure oh don't give
me sure who's who's who's the big Emma
here can we talk to the big Emma I
believe the Latin he gives you is Emma
premise okay she's the Optimus Prime
Emma Prime so can I talk to Emma Prime
no but not good nobody talks to Emma
Prime well then how do you know what the
rules are how do you know if you're
doing it right or wrong if you do it
wrong you don't do it again
hmm because what happens you don't have
the chance to do it again okay you
already saw what happens when you do it
okay
I mean why do you think Caesar and I are
ghosts but everything else here is alive
well then how did you end up being a
ghost if you did it wrong the first time
around I mean little Emma little Emma
eight isn't a ghost no we we exist
they the bunnies as the Emma's exist
because Emma Prime created them okay is
there any way to get out of this place
sooner than when my time is done I mean
yes you could wake up you could time to
wake up if you think it's time to wake
up you can would you like me to wake you
up yes please
all right he will reach forward and
he'll just tap you on the forehead and
in Latin he says wake up mm-hmm wake up
and you sit up and you are and you sit
up just as an orderly was taking the box
under the pillow mm-hmm and sitting in a
chair over there is Alana Silvano yeah I
he he like he's shocked but then he
pulls out a knife I put my knife
all right you you pull out the sword of
öktem Allah and he drops the knife and
runs good smart yep
so then I go over to Silvano I just
quote so Nona you like getting out of
bed will be tough you're still very
badly in okay so you can totally do that
but you're like so you know it's gonna
take
it's I'm holding on to the things to get
it over to Solano and if there's a glass
of water or whatever I throw it on his
face to just try and wake him up sure
you find a glass of water you run over
and you splash her in his face and there
is no reaction okay I slapped him across
the face
there is no reaction you're gonna wake
up your face stinging yeah y'all wet oh
I tap them three ten three times on the
forehead and just say wake up wake up
wake up there's no reaction damn it so
you four are in the museum yes
we're drinking tea and tea yeah a weird
little green man of he's locks up with a
purple pillow with four glasses or
teacup so it's really good you should
try something oh I'm not sitting still
I'm like pacing century around the three
of them okay well the tea time is
concluded thank you very much I'll get
back to my book how much how much more
time do you think you need to to
finish it oh how much how long has it
been so far in this place maybe like
another two of those me three well we
still need to be kind v Emma our Emma
well I'm sure she's fine
have you met her is your chair no
somewhere nearby there is that same
chair with that that's my chair my lap
I'll settle in to the book out I always
but the pillars is the gorgeous pillars
is about just starting to understand
I'll open it has he finished his teeth
yeah yes the book is open and he's
already super fast wow wow wow he's
standing before you is a young man in a
toga and he says something in Latin
world just like us in sure you can try I
need to learn Latin oh my god
exactly I heard success alright so
Steve's Latin or check out Batali okay
you know what suddenly I get that but
you definitely get the gist that he is
he asked if you're looking for Emma
uh yes What did he say it's off yeah I
think he asked if we were looking for
Emma I think she's fine though she tends
to be did you specify its three about
specify whenever we go off and rescue
her she comes out of some sort of magic
door she's fine you know of the two
constants I think the black Farrah likes
playing with him with her a little don't
say his name here
I didn't say his name even say that Emma
oh don't worry he's dead
what yeah Emma asked for him to die so
vacation you come on up reading now
there's no need to read oh you're gone
yeah let's go okay well two things but
the black Pharaoh was never the only one
and how real is death here because this
place is weird we have earned a vacation
you're a real downer yeah yes I kill
people it's kind of my thing
wow that was well we're so I said then
you typically are us well are you sure
you two are far more dense than you like
to be death is somewhat metaphorical
here ho oh ho oh we go in there now huh
ah my museum this is my museum you know
forget it was her Museum don't forget
but as metaphorically dead yeah he's
metaphorically dead what is
metaphorically dead versus literally
dead he's actually really he's
temporarily dead temporarily or
temporarily or temporarily temporality I
thought I was very clear I say early
okay
[Applause]
so he's dead here in the dream lands
because Emma dreamed him dead yes still
out there look it's everything she
didn't kill the right it's like okay she
killed the one here that's cool boy
that's that take what you can get he's a
dead here so he can't bother that
booming concern that I had okay that's
good so that's the main thing for
keeping him safe
yes so oblivious so innocent weird yeah
yeah yeah yeah he's been with him too
long we need to get out of here okay why
would you want to leave here because
this place isn't right why would I want
on your real downer again everything you
want is here ah true no 2012 no oh do
you want a laxing train ride do you want
to no problem no say what's the name of
the Train so you look like you are in a
beautiful dining car on a train you're
all in formal dress the it's empty
you're sitting in a recliner just
reading that you're in formal dress you
you have no idea what's going and a
waiter Madame's Monsieur Matt tell you
the specials for today yes we asked
fried Emma ah it's hard to be fricasseed
but okay Monsieur fricasseed and he
pulls it up and there's a rabbit like
cooked
I mean everything was gonna be called
Emma
so I mean because see for the T is Emma
here's here's the problem that I'm
saying I'll take it under stand that I'm
downer here but dreams are not that far
removed from wish nightmares and I've
had a few of them yeah and I've been
really a crock out the Alexandria like
cuts into the rabbit the rabbit still
has all its hair like burnt hair and so
he comes in takes a bite and he's just
savoring right hmm the nice thing about
nightmares is that in the railroad you
can wake up from them
oh you're gonna wake up this unless we
die here best Emma ever I mean well
don't die who's ever died on a train
[Laughter]
statistically trains are one of them
safest modes of transport
just relax we can finally relax the
black hang is dead here we have Freddy
dilemma I don't arrest of the table
abscess sim no I don't trust that what
wine would you suggest wonderful 27 Emma
I'd like that please of course no wine
III can get into that alright he brings
he brings the bottle and he pours a tiny
bit for each of you to taste its me as a
perky yet insu tient a hinge on board
that's a great words it pairs perfectly
with the Emma it does all right yeah
once you he waits for you and he pours
you he gives you a very no man or not
nightmare Lance nice just no I mean
nightmares are dreams that now
technically on a metal level that I can
ignore
so does does this train have a car
that's a museum I could go sit there
well although you could sit in some
museum cars oh we frown on beverages
amusements go that's that's true because
you don't want it you don't to mess up
the the stuff in the museum's I'll drink
this first I'll drink this first also as
a cause as long as we're all here we
publicly should stay together as much as
they can and then let's relax here all
right all right but oh excuse me
your other party has arrived I will be
one moment sir hmm and Emma comes and
hello I am her eyes are completely
black yep ooh
why are you ruining my paradise oh my on
a train what you have to be more
explicit how are we ruining waiter nice
what's your name Emma my dad what are
you eating
Emma what are you drinking Emma why are
you ruining my paradise
why are we ruining it that's what you're
not Emma you're not Emma you're not Emma
thank God I'm Emma you are still they
are yeah just grows on you wish Emma are
you I am the Emma the Emma that I know
doesn't have black eyes I was gonna say
the I am NOT the Emma you know I am the
Emma the Emma there isn't there's a
there's there's there's the prime Emma
let's leave Wow
you don't know that do you my head my
brow is exploding great
I must have dried too much of this does
my dam require more Emma no I'm good
right now thank you I think you need to
take that up with Emma we didn't mean to
end up in this we were following our
friend to make sure he was safe side
aside I at Joseph who's reading verses
we ended up here is he reading the book
of Emma oh no Emma because he believes
there's a lot of information that will
help us in there in our world we're
being threatened and we seek the wisdom
that was that was suitably supplicant
supplicant er II very well what do you
wish to know from my wisdom well we
assume the knowledge in your book would
cover it but we're we're trying to deal
with some cultist who as far as we know
want to end the world which world we
don't have any designator our world yeah
the world we're from we are we're
dealing wonder if it's safe enough to
say that here mm-hmm-hmm got the cultist
thing yes you are business we're
fighting I really thought up oh he's
dead here Emma killed him here actually
Octavian killed him but Emma asked
Octavian not in our world but your world
doesn't matter not to you but to us it
does it does it matters a lot and to the
Emma on our world it matters a lot it's
one of the many in the multiverse and
we're trying to figure out a way to keep
the darkness from spreading from that
one to any others if we can contain it
get rid of it maybe then maybe it won't
come here and touch this paradise
all of a sudden Emma prime like looks
behind you annoyed mm-hmm
and you hear that the door open and I
think I'll only you two might know this
you see the best priestess mmm the
panther woman anther woman yes come
slinking in yeah mom Narus Narus you're
not Emma hello nurse
what greetings these these humans helped
me I owe them vast has asked me to pay
the debt they are under my protection
I see well it would certainly be a shame
if someone died on a train wouldn't it
and Emma disappears grenades are the
dynamite on this one sorry you haven't
been to the munitions car I'm staying
the hell away from that look at nurse oh
that sounded like a threat not a that
sounded bad
oh no it's terrible Oh fantastic right
okay so we get back to the museum when
when when are you waking eight hours
from whenever we drank where is your
friend
which one that's a darn good question
she okay she went off I think that Roman
guy was knocked avian yeah I don't know
and then but then everybody keeps saying
that the black Pharaoh is dead here I
suspect temporally Octavian killed the
black Pharaoh everything's great
same here here yeah everything's great
why do you keep adding that who cares
that everything's really care because
we're not actually from here yes
visiting where it was visiting we're not
part of them as paradise vacation char
Alexandria and Silvan
and Joan and Yosef I heard Emma Emma and
Emma well none of us were correct you
[Laughter]
let's go back to the museum and these
are what you eat
that's the museum she says so back to
the museum and you're like you go to
take that bite and there's like the the
Elva of the vision kind of just
stretches out linearly and you are back
in the museum you still are totally
unaware this is all Tom's gonna do for
like the rest of the game is read this
monarus is still there oh good we have
to wait for him to finish reading I mean
yes that's why you came here right yes
yeah so yes if you were his Guardians I
don't know how your friend left early
I'm not sure it's Emma she's special
she's all about breaking rules that all
about breaking it was appalling me
capable capable of breaking the rules a
lot easier to break them if you don't
know them apparently the when you
returned to Cairo mm-hmm you must find
miss art okay and you must find the
capstone but what the capstone you know
that is it's the you found part of the
bent pyramid it's a great word we're one
of the pyramids I don't write but
there's a chunk of the pyramid right oh
yeah I know I know but I wasn't sure
which capstone okay gotcha I I can ask
one of my children to lead you to the
start but the capstone you must you must
head to
l wasta you will find it there sure that
looks phonetic okay great thank you
again and yes thank you mysterious
person who you both know her name is
NARAS did you remember you like her
because her name's not Emma I don't
trust her dude Vaughn do you remember
all of the cats that we would see
periodically around Cairo oh four or
five of them yes she's four or five cats
no she's the leader I have millions of
cats she's the leader of that that's
were impressive
yeah Priestess of everybody make a
listen role oh no no no actually you can
make one if you get an extreme success
and I did not make it
nope and I beat you I made it anybody
who made it so I think that's just you
rush cogs yes alright
did you just hear a train horn oh where
I mean far away coming coming
[Applause]
no I hear a train horn does it seem like
it's getting louder like it's Doppler in
closer sure we're supposed to be safe
here it'd be a shame if someone died on
a train be a shame if someone died in
front of a train well no not really
this museum is safe that's more the
question I'm gonna go with no okay we
grab Yosef neurosis Narus is like
looking around yeah all right what what
what is that to the train in a building
apparently we're coming toward the
building it's a this is a dream I didn't
make sense we can see I'm trying to this
museum is one long some would say a
tunnel ha
[Music]
I'm looking for an alcove or something
silvano grab your other arm reading all
him into an alcove you're alright
both of you make me a spot hidden role
I'm gonna need a total of three success
ease no hey that's a fumble no this way
let's go towards the light
eight let's go that it's a critical
success alright it's three successive
make me a sanity roll GZ nope okay so
you lose two points of sanity as you're
like just panicked looking around for
this alcove you have just led everyone
into this alcove and Silvano is like
standing in the hallway just like I got
around in his arms
you like it oh yeah and oh and all of a
sudden you go oh god his arm and you
look down the hall and the train is just
coming oh geez
it reaches here and there is that moment
when I'm gonna die and then the train
just passes through you you guys don't
even see the Train all you see is still
tano like just go and then a string of
profanities time Octavian is very
disappointed or anything close to me
something with up with a reach
there's crowbars everywhere let's go
stacking arriving with the crew boom I
want to reach you without leaving the
alcove yep well that's how the train is
gone yes wait for this area to wear off
I'm gonna grab them all right yeah you
get that sort of brings you back but you
know yeah that was that was not your
favorite thing silvano just still
cursing we are you okay doctor me I just
walk off I just walk down and I am just
alright letting it out yeah he's heading
towards the the just keep an eye on yeah
we are more a million here boy it seems
like you're really upset didn't want
anything okay I pictured the headdress
of Emma being kind of like Clippy yes it
looks like you want a vacation the top
ten vacation destinations yeah because
the theory is direct end of clip II oh
so yeah he is just wandering down down
the museum swearing yelling at yell okay
I'm not I'm not leaving yourself alone
I've got an eye on him alright alright
oh yeah murder Shh I'm gonna follow at a
bit of a distance and try to keep an eye
on Jonah and sand Joseph and Silvano
yeah he was just like striding off
randomly he's not I mean she lay down on
the ground on my back yeah once he get
he gets to the he gets to the the hall
of rooves yes and he just leads back and
he's just like staring at the roof and
everyone sounds like are we still in
formalwear no wait
yeah sure you're yet you're all still
excellent finally dressed up you're in a
tuxedo thank you
he knows my preferences and so yeah
you're lying on the ground and all of a
sudden standing above you is that Roman
guy again I don't even try to do Latin I
just say hello in Italian all right
just salt way mm-hmm I don't actually
know Italian that's fine you he'll
lean down and he'll tap you on the
forehead three times I'm approaching do
I see yeah you see him lean down tap him
on the forehead three times what are you
and you here you got you and and you
both here the headdress of M ago wait no
it's not taught and you're gone whoa
what did you just like that I'm daddy do
the mustaches in I heard him say
something in Italian so I'm gonna try an
Italian we're sure where is he
okay make an Italian roll what heart
start success all right so I'll give you
that and the answer and hug he'll say um
okay
okay is this a snake am I still there no
I'm gonna just like shaking my head no
idea what they're talking around and
come back okay so wait yeah so Manos
awake okay he's not Octavian yeah
apparently used to date him any good the
best I'm just shaking my head just
shaking my heads I mean he's know
Aleister Crowley but I mean but that's
not the high bar to clear though mm-hmm
they didn't have cocaine Aleister
Crowley introduced me to cocaine how did
that go
it's still going my goodness but that
means he's back and theoretically
hopefully there's nothing we can do
about it if it's not safe so you
splashed water in his face you slapped
him twice and then you just went and sat
back on your bed that kind of I was like
I'm you're like I'm exhausted and you're
lying there and all of a sudden you are
sitting in a chair they spit out the
water no you have to soak you're soaked
and your cheeks are red you've got a
little light but you are back awake and
Emma is like Emma's lying on the bed
with like the box and the sword is the
dumbest idea ever dumbest I mean I have
dumb ideas she's a she's read on the
book he's reading the book and he's safe
now you finished the book a second time
and like Narus looks at you and there's
a whoops oh there's a dark very live
woman looking at you and she says be
careful knowledge is dangerous
No well okay I will be very careful then
who are you I am done with all of you we
are even we appreciate your help thank
you very much very much no this is no no
never call me that
no this is all of a sudden a panther the
woman like yeah turns into a panther and
pads down the museum hallway that's
Narus garrus garrus I don't what does it
ring a bell she's you can make an occult
role yeah oh wait actually you know what
you just read him out her did she was in
Alice Eve she is a priestess of bast who
who was the favorite of bast and when
when the black Pharaoh tried to destroy
the cult of past
Narus went into hiding protecting oh
gosh the name of protecting a whole holy
item of Bath's the scroll of narrows the
scroll didn't here somewhere the scroll
of the scroll of some name the the black
rights of Lu Baker off the vicar off
okay so then Yosef will does
matter-of-factly tell everybody well
surely that's done in a minute and and a
scroll well actually someone tell him
get around
Prime's brain so you you have finished
the book a second time and in you you
feel like reading it anymore would be
useless hmm and Octavian appears and he
says something in Latin to you mm-hmm
and then he holds out his hand hmm take
my Latin it's not very good but but but
who helped take his hand he'll take the
offer no I think he wants me says he
points at the book oh no no no I there's
more than here I don't quite understand
maybe another reading okay do you you
can open the book at any time no that
book belongs here we have the other book
back there book belongs here the other
coffee this one is so much better hmm
the copies it's so much clearer I didn't
read it twice yeah don't you do you have
it yet do you have it you don't know
feel like I have a firm grasp on it
there are some mysteries but things I
must contemplate but we can do that
better back well there is a real one in
the library it's it's probably a good
idea to should get that one yes probably
I'd you to let your brain ruminate on I
can't believe I'm saying this
let's continue come back to it later
because remember when you're studying it
will be here you will keep it safe oh he
hasn't understand a word I'm saying
of course he speaks Latin didn't sort of
get through with Italian oh they rot
into this nice fellow in the toga
alright when you hand him the book he
will open it like this and he's like
showing you all like a centerfold
oh and the centerfold is an island in
storm-tossed seas with dark clouds all
around and through the clouds one
Engel shaft of light is striking down
and hitting what looks like a pyramid
evil looking henchmen most of them Asian
hmm and something in this picture is
clearly coming out of the water what
kind of something
nothing you want to know about should I
broke through mythos yeah you can oh
five all right
you are witnessing you know exactly what
you were witnessing you are witnessing
the ritual that will allow great Nayar
with attempt to bring the Elder Gods to
earth and end the age of man as we know
it
who's coming out of the water that is
the king of the Elder Gods kethu well no
sorry
as the Thoth is the king of the other
gods that is that is dread Cthulhu who
lies dead and sleeping in the ancient
city of relay awaiting nayara though
taps call the question is of course he
does so Yosef tells everyone way just
what all of you make sanity rolls it's a
ritual with every college a trick
Cthulhu so you each lose three sanity
and you gain one Cthulhu oh you're
welcome
I have one
6.now oh geez she's the beginning of the
unknown to me those boys at Santa houses
the island off the coast of Japan
mm yeah not the coast of Japan at the
top of the three pyramid the the map the
map map oh my head
I'll read this book again then later
yeah no no not now not now we can eat to
get back we're going down we're going
bad we oh yeah right but had it so wanna
wake up it's just a matter of time tap
oh just to be clear the map actually
shows it's more like off China China
down here yeah yeah yeah and I'm
actually gonna make like the tap tap tap
gesture like I saw I guess have a guy
deal with a toe go on who just like in
in the air did okay what what do we need
to do and she points at him at those tap
tap oh you just have to wake up yep uh
Suzhou Octavian has the book open and he
will slam it shut and when he slams it
shut you all wake up in your beds Shh
or you in a chair I heard again I'm in a
chair actually you feel great oh really
everyone that was injured mm-hmm the
doctors have no idea what's going on
it's like you healed it's like you were
in this bed a week oh my god
oh wait full health you are at full
health so that's amazing oh and I don't
have a glass oh that's my no you do not
have glass cut but the three of you that
had that happened but make me a Sandra
okay as you realize maybe Oh success
you're surprisingly fine with this is
not a mess I just rolled it down 127 yes
92 oh not you lose a point of sanity
yeah also after all because you're fully
healed
um that's 53 I enjoy that I can't read
this what's my sanity of my same is 50
all right so you lose one there's one
yeah so you are you two are totally
aware that like you still have the scar
of the you know the little puncture
thing where it happened but it says if
it happened weeks ago and you have a
scar
Wow that is fully healed went to sleep
there were sexual literal spell yawns oh
yeah they're all yeah hmm yeah I'm
currently like sitting in the closet
holding my my - over yeah what did you
give I'm trying to get my another car
did you hear the space meet that that oh
we've got to get more of that this was
amazing it was amazing
all right had the most amazing dreams
for me miss me a luck roll holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
um dot I made it is the gourd empty or
not I don't think there was there was
enough all right so the gourd is there
still stuff in the gourd
I'm not saying that though fully healed
and I know I know things Judy julen did
you learn that spell what switch spell
the the one that Thea that the professor
used at the pyramid oh not that one that
was worthless oh no we have no see you
take notes on time is an artificial
construct there is no time time isn't
our imagination it moves and flows in
ways we can't possibly comprehend okay
but but notice in the desert it's there
but it's not there and it still exists I
grab papers I'm just writing things down
and trying to figure out what is him the
pillars that they stand for different
points in time but they don't want him
to explain if you know how in the desert
if you if you if you learn that spell
that we an autobiography title yeah get
good at this how we're already there no
no exists in the library
no we exist we were weak if we can
actually hold a look look will with us
we have better chances
we'll get it okay we'll have it again
we're gonna get it no no I say I've seen
it I've seen it no the real one the real
one yes we're on a boat and we have the
book you've seen it of course
okay and I swear the training we had the
book okay and we're we're in London and
we have the book in London too I've seen
it
I'm so glad we're not okay okay I
have to go process bring the notes yes
the notes I've you're you feel fine
you're like you're ready to go let's go
let's go simile I know everybody know
you yeah are you taking a girdle
friend longer no I'm fine I'm great no
just a minute let me go collect my
things I got all my things I'll come
with you okay that's my stop by their
room first yes she's in the closet I'm
trying to get her I'm trying to not be
on the closet persuading your soldiered
home oh sure I'm gonna go grab Emma
though is it Alexandria yeah I just I
walk off to the the Meade and wrap it
yeah sure you hit this space mean yes
let's face me are you okay leave me
alone
no what happened leave me alone you
should try this this I will stab you
repeatedly yes so she's been she's been
like this forever since we came back
where were you guys in the same goddamn
place you were oh I was having these
great dreams I imagine you were there we
not my dreams
we were there the band's early
was there Octavian was there we don't
know Britt Prairie we you were out in a
meadow thing I do but it's it was it was
a dream there you go yeah okay yeah that
was so you guys had the same dream as me
that's if you don't go away right now I
will come out there and kill you oh okay
get you something get out go to go to
Emma's room go to Emma's your mom I'll
take care of her good and I'll talk to
the priestess okay are you he's gonna
talk to their users yes okay yeah that
nobody will stop you
well the question I want to talk to the
old man first though - all right so you
come into Alda hobby's room with and
when that when the girdle comes in he
like he becomes conscious which he's
been slipping in out of and he he looks
you and he says Waterfall Kamala does he
does he speak he speaks in okay how do I
take care of the girdle you are the
protector but surely you had rules
fail-safes in place I mean you were
gonna give it to those men I don't
understand if you were there to protect
it why were you gonna give it to the
magician and his men I knew with the
sword of autumn ala there that they
would never get it hmm I was to give
them pause is there anything else I need
to know in order to protect it like
obviously I shouldn't touch it
are there any other rules around it you
must never wear it and you must never
allow it to fall into the hands of the
black Pharaoh okay
because then night Icarus returns but
NetID Chris one if NetID Chris returns
Nana Chris is mortal and we can kill
nighty Chris that is a terrible plan no
smart plans are terrible trust me you're
not the first person to point that out
to NIDA Chris is dead let that which is
dead remain dead and what about the
black Pharaoh the black Pharaoh is dead
the black Pharaoh cannot die but the
black Pharaoh can the by Pharaoh be
contained yes with the capstone and I
was to understand that the black Pharaoh
was under the Red Pyramid you know where
the black fair who is I never go there
why how am I supposed to contain the
black Pharaoh if I don't go there and
seal him with the capstone hopefully the
capstone is on the pyramid containing
him okay that is the whole point of that
pyramid well I know this is a prison
does it make sense to me I mean sure
okay not unlike it you know it's not
like there's an elemental sort of like
yes I understand now but I mean you know
like there was a top to the pair mean it
explains what happened what the pyramids
for okay it is that was the prison to
contain him the red pyramid well then
why does he keep appearing to us and
like disturbing you have seen the black
Pharaoh partially I mean he comes to us
who are you I had a dream about nobody
fun
you are the sword of Akmala if the
black Pharaoh if the black Pharaoh knows
that you are the sort of Akmala he
will hunt you well it's a little late
for that I mean he already bothers me
enough of the way it is bothers you know
who like talks to me tells me things
tries to tell me that the world's gonna
end
blah blah blah no hope blah blah blah
I'm gonna kill people blah blah blah but
it's almost as bad as I got name
headdress oh sorry I don't understand
any of them join the freaking Club he he
just he tries to dissuade us from
defeating him you must never be
dissuaded his his end is the only way
defeating his plans is the only way so
how were his plans defeated in the past
cuz from what I understand this is a
cycle that happens every every once in a
while the ritual was from what I
understand the bridges rope has been
disrupted before yes and how was it
specifically disrupted was it disrupted
with a great army in my time we used the
Ark of the Covenant
okay sure top men ya know just I'll just
send Dornish out to get a pressure
reducer that wouldn't surprise me and
historically it seems like you had at
one point potentially a great library
here how other ways have you stopped it
before well are you the last time it was
then before that as I understand it it
was this is only from what I've read a
sorcerer Allegiant under the under the
leadership of Octavian sword of Akmala
and anything before that before that it
is only tales told of the eternal cycle
of evolution being brought about by the
end of this that is how man went camp
became sapient was these the black
Pharaoh created intelligent apes and
they rose up and overthrew him when they
realized what he was trying to do he has
been thwarted every time over them over
the millennia makes sense it's kind of
angry but time time is not your friend
no we have until January how do you know
that it was research done with what's
the guy's name again so dr. Kapoor yeah
dr. Gafoor and well they've come to this
conclusion that we are well with it well
within a year I must tell you that when
that girdle leaves these holy walls I
will die
and I welcome this release but then the
burden is all yours and yours alone
so the black Pharaoh wants the girdle
why are you making deals with the black
Pharaoh to save people you would save
dozens to end all do you're literally
telling me but if I leave it here it
would still be destroyed oh can we just
destroy it I mean why not why just bro
we have tried I have thrown it in a
volcano it was back in the box
I threw the Box in the ocean box was
back at my bedside there are there are
rumors that the only way it can be
destroyed was to fling it into the Sun
okay I can't do that well I might but
it's gonna take a little bit to get
there you are either our savior or the
end of us all possibly that both and if
I relinquish the sword and the girdle to
continue to fight the black Pharaoh
because I'm afraid that if I take the
girdle with me that
what does not relinquish the sword of a
Kamala and so now I it's like having a
baby now I've got this stupid thing I'm
supposed to like care for the whole time
but yet I'm supposed to be out fighting
the black Pharaoh I don't know how am I
supposed to do all of it and we gonna
baby carrier saving the world is so much
worse
stupid box with me you do not have to
care for the girdle you just have to
guard it
what do you mean just guard it well yeah
let anyone take it yeah
but it's in a box and I can barely
contain I can barely care for myself you
are sort of Akmala you keep saying
this is true Lord you are the sword but
if I give this sword to somebody else
then there the sword right it's how it
works
that isn't was the sword given to you
gave the sword made for you yeah cuz I
asked for it I didn't really understand
exactly what I was getting into I just
wanted a cool sword with an elder
wouldn't evidence does my friend nessam
12 years old asked his father for a
sword his father found a merchant to
make the sword mhm the merchant asked
only for a drop of Nestle's blood that
was 700 years ago I'm just gonna hold
that thought about the end and about the
money the power of this sword your
fellow Guardians you are eternal now as
we discovered with two of my brothers
that does not mean you cannot die but
you will not you will you will age
incredibly slowly I feel every century
as if it were a decade but I am old and
I ask you please take that girdle and
end my watch I wish to rest finally I
have one more request I need to trick
the black Pharaoh into thinking I threw
the girdle into the Nile nothing in that
sentence make sense to me no it doesn't
do you think that we could why are you
playing games with the black Pharaoh
well it's just it's I don't know I mean
he keeps giving me ultimatums it's
really just annoying he keeps saying I'm
gonna destroy people and I'm gonna do
this I'm gonna do that if you don't do
what I tell you to do and you do what he
tells you to well so far not yet but
that's just part of my special charm I
barely can do anything anybody tells me
to I mean ask my mom she's pretty much
at it with me at this point I mean the
sword would not have chosen you if you
did the black Pharaohs bidding well and
that's just it I'm just trying to figure
out a way to make him think it went into
the river but then not put it in the
river
and then be able to like I don't know
get away with this but I want to get
away with the fact that he thinks that
he's got the girdle and nobody dies see
I want to win everything exactly you are
a very different sort of a smaller than
nessam was I haven't called her I'm a
little trickery yeah I am I am NOT a
clever man but it sounds like you have a
[Music]
vein of deviousness that is troubling
but perhaps we'll serve this modern age
that I do not understand very well do
your your burden is the girdle but it
sounds as if you have larger callings as
well yeah like to stop the world from
ending the world as we know it for
mending I I know nothing of that burden
that was my only burden all right good
night good night sir
rest well goodbye so the camera will
show you like as soon as you cross the
the threshold of the mosque Alda hobby
lets out like an exhale and just
dissolves into ash very kind of snap
there yeah and they are waiting for you
at the at the threshold okay
so where are we going next stop I have
to make a museum let's go back to the
museum hmm I'll go on ahead when he says
he wants to go back to the museum
what museum you're talking about you
know exactly which means see him he's
talking about yes the only Museum will
ever been to in Cairo
I just want to I want to make sure it
was to go and do a deep dive back into
that book
oh that books mine ours ours I recommend
what I heard mine ours
that book is Dinny of ours oh not yet
technically there will be three million
books Amma's of that book with him this
book yes yes I've seen it we are not
taking that book oh it's already ours no
it's not yeah it's an in the future it's
ours it's I've seen it good for you oh
so defined everyone
[Laughter]
day is it today it is 12th off the
afternoon of the 12th so I've been used
for everybody the black Pharaoh is gonna
six days see I thought it was in here
isn't it
oh you're right it's I think it's the
seventh okay that's a half moon
so it's st. Patty's Day so we have to
find a cap storm very quickly this year
interesting dun-dun-duh tuesday this
year so the black Pharaoh
I just put 1925 on a kick so the black
Pharaoh supposedly is contained in the
Red Pyramid yeah who is buried there
yeah known is what is keeping him we've
been told that we need to find someone
who will take us to accurate stone was
it kept rising in a statistically it's
properly sealed him a good question if
we properly sealed him he might not be
able to kill you would vote no that el
losta is a say city's a strong word it's
a village yes that's where they said the
pyramid capstone might be on here tuning
forks which might be able to help but
can I take a step back what is that
capstone to be used for because from
what I was told is that the life for his
body is currently contained and should
not be disturbed
it might be it's in the burial chamber
boyhood is typically in the bedrock
beneath the theory did we notice that
the capstone was missing off of the
remember for what or the or the bent
pyramid did not but I'm assuming not
really look at any we didn't we don't
look at that but they said how about the
answer is yes because most of the
exteriors of the painters
I would assume John would know right
about what if she would notice of the
capstone where we were gone it's gotta
be gone
sure I'll give it to you the capstone
was gone the capstone says hi okay scene
is missing I'm sorry looking at the red
limestone Bonita actually so studio this
is like what we were dealing with in
Peru yeah we need to clean the thing
back in order to contain him me and then
everyone doesn't die provide his
I meet you're not true it will at least
it will ease contain him because yeah
the father of maggots is at the moment
contained yep and he's and really he's
just sort of getting on my nerves I'm
done talking to him like I'm done
talking to the head grass I heard you
killed him
we'll have you know each okay so let me
sidebar to be a really important
information for just a personal minute
here yes my world was an EMA world yeah
it was terrified yeah it was a little
weird to talk to myself and then have
like things kit anyway let me sidestep
that in the fact that Octavian said he
was gonna kill him
but Octavian only killed him in the
dream world which is completely just
disheartening because I had his head
who's had very very useful for keeping
Joseph safe while he that sense you are
everywhere but it was so far that was
everything was a mess yeah there was
there hold on hold on huh
let me just enjoy the idea of Emma
holding the black Pharaoh's head that's
a really nice sure it's like opposite
Sam sometime you don't know what is it
gotcha it's yeah it was and then who was
what's his name's mom who asked for
John the Baptist Salome a that was like
it was like my Salome a moment enjoy
that or your Judith moment put in that
stake through his head okay yeah okay is
anyone else hungry now cuz I heard
salami
but anyway so back to your point about
then unless people will die so what I
was talking to the old man is named
Akmala Akmala yes so may he rest in peace
yeah peace me not Jackson Elias so two
things like Carlson space me that I
I have to take care of this stupid
girdle it's just another burden of my
life
I might need a fancy backpack though
anyway
second round one keep our we're going to
enchant you a backpack now yeah elder
sign on the backpack you find something
it's a barrier there's a couple
different kinds of elder signs aren't
there unless it's the things that we
know we've been recommended to find
another God to stop a god I'm still not
crazy about that shame what do you mean
which one lady the Batman I don't know
those are all those are all aspects of
the same we need to find but they start
in the cast oh but they don't like each
other but here's my point my greater
point is that even if we cap off the
black Pharaoh
we still have an epic battle coming up
in January and the black Pharaoh being
dead or alive or captor uncapped or
whatever is irrelevant because when I
was talking to the old the older
gentleman in his time they defeated it
with the Ark of the Covenant or they
they delayed it and then when I was
talking to n Tate Octavian he defeated
the aspects or the awakening with a
legion so we're looking for something
that is you know do mean these are just
we know that American little bits
American military fellow Rogers Rogers
very helpful so you can get us Allegiant
and the Ark of the Covenant
wait so certainly the Legion may be the
actor the confident so you're saying
that there's there is something that we
have to fight to make him not come back
correct so this is gonna come down to a
fight winning genius who who's fighting
who we're fighting right now we're
getting that back to the museum and then
we're going to look for an Ark of the
Covenant
no we're gonna look for the capstone but
also the Ark of the Covenant time
starving you know well I could use some
food right now I didn't eat anything in
the dream world and I'm
and darvid I'm told that we should go to
Shanghai bracelet good there was one
yeah there was one other wishes yes
there was one of their vision that we
saw when we were there in the book that
Octavian showed us the map
yeah the island of light with the
pyramid on it people's night vision
henchman oh and that's nice and then a
creature coming out of the water
Oh worse I won't speak his name again
yeah but we but we we heard about it
wasn't what isn't
his name was when you say I won't speak
his name like in your head no no in your
head what you think is well actually
there is he whose name who must not be
spoken who when you say his name he
shows up and I'm not gonna say his name
Berger oh is that that Butler what is it
you can say it once someone says no you
can say it three times though can't say
three times well you said you wouldn't
say it haha this just cuz it's a I it's
a great joke we have five hundred bits
from Emma 85 the headdress of Emma no
the headdress of ice was much better
than her saying I strongly agree yeah it
gets back right I want food before we go
anywhere near any bloody Museum let's
let's eat and talk well get me something
to go I'm gonna bring bring me something
I'm gonna be at the I'm gonna get my
question by where are you going guys
mystic Museum just gonna go why why why
why why why not our go Oh salvado is
gone oh I want to go with I definitely
blame this on him nope let's get some
food okay then I'll go with him you can
you can go after you've eaten a full
meal we've been
sleep for like a day and a half I feel
so great so glad it's like yeah oh yeah
you are you know you go back to the
hotel and the hotel restaurant has a
wonderful sumptuous meal huh it is a you
know the final capper on like how great
you feel is just this meal and three
desserts and some living on sandwiches
for as much as alexandria says that
she's starving she picks at her face
yeah yeah you come back to dr. Kapoor he
takes the Gordon he says there's a lot
missing here yes that we we had to so
you've been yes that was a huge mistake
did you see the museum which how would
know yes but no here thank you
you don't want it we could we could go
visit there don't mention that you have
any left who would I tell that is Yosef
don't tell it to use it okay thank you
alright so yeah he'll he'll take it back
and you you meet them back at the hotel
and it is night time and on your porch
once again is a cat well very slept
today so we're not thirteenth now twelve
nine of the twelve and the cat just as
always looks expectantly at you time
already
Oh God the cat is going to show us I
mean it just be hungry to know and so
whatever I know whatever I've swiped
from dinner I'm just gonna throw it
right we're expecting the cat yeah no
the cat will like it look at you again
expecting that it'll just jump down and
again you're on the fourth story
forehead
yeah where we are expected there is
gonna lead us to Bussard I believe yes
all right cool so you are led on an even
jollier Sean we're doing this again
yeah yes no last time this was bad don't
run in this bad okay do you know what
you know what you know that led to you
last time you go into that wonderful
dream maybe it'll happen and you know I
just shaved the white snow he would
actually do that no no there's no
there's no there's no more left it
wasn't all very useful I learned alerts
what there's no more less don't you
there was disemboweled again I don't get
this bellick mm-hmm but there's there's
so more left you won't be able to do
you're gonna have to go I need the book
I need the actual book at the actual boy
you have a lot of it in your head maybe
said Holly so this is a nice yes if you
don't want to come with us to find
bizarre you don't have to opus Arthur
the priestess no that's that's nessam no
nervous there's no balance fastest is
the priestess so you are wondering
you're having you're having this Abbott
and Costello conversation is unlike the
poorest part of old account way we
shouldn't be here
they're not did you bring your cricket
bat tough titty a said the kiddo don't
use it though stay back strapped on so
ya know I have my daggers the cat leads
you to a red door oh yeah which is the
right one we know that and it just it
pause at the door a couple of times I
were in the street at this street of
scorpion sedative
I'll give it a proper knock you hear of
a voice a voice in Arabic says something
what's he say I just come in okay oh
this is come in okay you could make a
roll if you want to make me hope you
just screw you oh you're so full right
the door you have no idea what this is
this is an opium den you are really nice
it's really comfortable yeah there are
guys like Rick lot you know like they're
just people
all of them guys walked out everywhere
and the cat just patters him and jumps
up on the lap of a man wearing like a
hooded like cloak just trying to like
yeah slumped over all right the smell in
here is simultaneously awful and really
a Larson yeah there's just like the
smell of opium smoke mixed with the
smell of people who haven't moved in
five days okay so just who wants to
stand outside well mm-hmm why would
any of us stand outside get this so
let's go where's all right Michelle I
the guy who runs the thing which is like
you know he's offering you opium he's
like you want mm-hmm
not not right now but thank you maybe
later yes yeah that's why I'm worried
about guys chocolate rather there
perhaps perhaps later thank you very
much if you want to come in you have to
pay me what is the fee they'll list some
ridiculously small amount of money I
also offer him a small 1/2 of that
basically this is how we yeah yeah yeah
why do you want what no I told you what
you have to pay to come in this look do
you want opium
no entry written this much for all of
you
good please be with you all right so
yeah you you wander in and the cat is
just now like meeting the guys lap and
the guy is not reacting at all oh well
how do we wake him up right yeah I know
Arabic I'm gonna I'm gonna try to and we
know this is miss art because it's a so
I'm gonna I'm gonna whisper miss art all
right so you lean down yeah um
the smell of this guy I know it is just
terrible
he is the the robe he's wearing is like
a traditional
Egyptian cover it is filthy yeah but now
that you're here you see like this guy
he's like six - he's very tall
he's very blond and he's got like a
scruffy blond beard going and he just
like his eyes don't even focus he's just
like hey ya know he speaks English
oh okay cool sorry wants nothing to
eat buddy you hungry
who are you my name is Joan and a
woman yeah hello I'm Warren Bisset how
he's like reaching out for your hand
yeah yeah yeah
and he'll like bring your hand to his
mouth and he'll he tries to kiss it but
like his lips don't close smell he's
kind of licking your hand okay we're
gonna get him Sean damn my Moselle hey
Sam
we need your help so come with us
we'll feed you
we'll get you cleaned up come on ain't
no no no just needs a little more rpm oh
we've got mascara no longer we're we're
ass
we got a lot we need your help come on
with us
retreat
I can do my purse we've all right sure
yeah you just lie and say it this free
opium yes for he opium Oh to check that
box Nikes all right yes that's it so a
second you you you say we have more
opium and like his eyes kind of like a
woman's range-finding and who held hello
Mademoiselle tell me about this opium
and tell me how such a creature as
yourself has a little such a place oh
yeah well come with me of my friends and
look well well [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] will tell you
I'll tell you everything
it's good this a group thing Shh because
I'm open but no no you're just we're
just their friends come on let's go then
I don't we're actually interested in
what you know and but come with come
with us and don't worry about them don't
worry about them just come why had
advice why does that one have their
rifle cuz he likes it we're in a bad
part of town this he's helping me to to
maneuver around this area why does that
one have a sword come on I told you this
is a bad area I got these different
creatures these are my friends that will
help us did you say mystical creatures
did you confess boo who are you I told
you my name is Joan and these are my
friends there had gonna help us get out
of here
oh Jesus use her other good I don't even
know anymore
I'm confused Who I am day-to-day why
ain't why do you why is that sword
glowing ooh just a trick of the lines
you say I put it in the protection
against otherworldly forces what is here
what is here no nothing's here that's I
think he just smoked a little too much
opium yeah well that's let's let's get
out of here and well we can chat very
well do you have a hotel near
we have around the near but it's nice we
need a back that without telling you
yeah we'd like a backup to the backup
now you're gonna need like flea
treatment is hotel shortly it's like
is it safe outside with us
yes mm-hmm she's my persuade I'm trying
to do yeah
all right Kevin value you can all make a
little I have a holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I made it I
did all right but there is nobody home
this guy is insane lake he is barely
holding it together and like when he
like when you step outside
he's always looking up everywhere he
goes does it feel like a traumatic
response like something really bad
flashing facts we don't call it Cthulhu
character and I think we're gonna end it
will start up next time with your no
doubt polite yeah and respectful in
interrogation of war invest art our
quotes are a bad accident that kind
because this time I didn't do it like
that a lot that is it and you are it
they aren't smart here I was supposed to
tell your friends were that we're gonna
die
which ones why did Emma get Caesar
appallingly capable of breaking the
rules God you just became such a
liability none of this is a path I will
have want I like that one and opposite
Sampson time what about I wrote one that
you said about it
well my quotes don't count okay perky
but in sushi if you get in soutien that
is my what does this suit mean I will
look it up no problem so that is that is
a joke that is my go to joke for
whenever I taste anything because I
don't even remember what it was but it
was like somebody doing a wine tasting
and they were like doing this and the
guy went huh perky yet insu shinned and
I was like so now whenever I drink I'm
like huh perky yet in sushi knife
apparently it's felt I an sou CIA NT
it's showing a lack of concern and
[Laughter]
that's when I realized so wine like all
wine stuff is just a mad lib and so I
was like you know whatever group huh
apocalyptic yeah you know and you can do
whatever you'd like people but huh looks
like if you like the wrong answers yeah
yeah a similar version that is if you're
at an art gallery and you want to seem
erudite you just sit there for a minute
quietly and you look at a piece of art
you wait till somebody's next to you in
my case ideally an attractive young
woman and you go huh interesting use of
negative space and I guarantee you a
hundred percent of the time the person
next to you will go huh always were
loved it and that was that was that was
one of them that was like what am I
going that was one of my standards I
just go to an art gallery like
interesting use of negative space Oh
always but thank you guys that was a fun
night thank you everybody who
participated
Berenice awesome to have you back thank
you so much but we have seven inspo on
this side yeah wow you've got a lot yeah
you guys have a lot
actually put three in the boy my forgot
to give myself my Jay Matthews one to
kill you with keep that yeah that's
alright Emma 8585 one so we'll put we're
gonna put it sounds like four three
because we have four on this side or
where they are in three alright so we're
gonna put three in the old Bo I and you
will start with four next time but so
don't forget is that five we have oh
you're right hmm Monday Tuesday
Wednesday three big days
the sinister secret of saltmarsh I
believe they've already rolled for
initiative yes yeah no they start off
going into the house already in addition
oh yeah hey you know but so that's
Monday Tuesday Wednesday so that means
we won't have natural one Kaos agents or
board games this week because they are
all going to be the insanity there we'll
be back next Saturday with with Cthulhu
and then it all starts over again
so thank you so much for spending part
of your weekend with us
wash your hands stay calm don't don't
touch your face it's not your friends
[Laughter]
[Music]
