Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends and welcome to
quests and Cthulhu thank you so much for
spending part of your deccan with us and
let me start right off the top by saying
that I hope that you are being
responsible and safe and and well taken
care of we are so glad that you are part
of this community and this is a
community and each and every one of you
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] needs to decide what is best for
you in this case but if we can bring you
a little bit of entertainment and a
little bit of smile and some community
in the chat then that makes each of us
feel just a little bit better as well so
we are going to be here playing together
for as long as it makes sense and as we
have I want to specially shout out
Thomas and Amy who have been super on
top of this and have been very clear to
all of us the players the GM's to
everybody how seriously we are taking
the kovat situation and how important it
is that we all be safe and so I want to
thank you guys for that and I want to
make sure that the community knows that
we are gonna play in person as long as
it makes sense so we're super excited to
be here today and I am so glad to be
with you guys I hope everybody's doing
well yes yes and you know this is a
crazy time and it's you know there's
there's a lot going on and so I just
wanna it's okay to be scared
in fact it's probably smart to be
somewhat scared but it's also good to be
smart you know find good information
find scientists that are talking about
what's going on and make that you make
choices for yourself that make sense and
that take care not just of yourself but
of those around you that's the important
part and so we have we have some folks
in our group that maybe won't be able to
join us or will be joining remotely for
a while and that is you know that's
that's the right decision it is it is
the the safe thing to do
geez yeah it's it's a crazy time so
thank you again for being here with us
because this being here at this table
I'm gonna I will only speak for myself
this makes me happy yeah this is what I
want to do and so it's not that the show
must go on because if this weren't smart
if this were a bad idea we wouldn't do
it but it's that we want the show to go
on for as long as it can
that being said I am six feet away from
all of them they they are much closer to
each other so you know next week it
might just be me here I wasn't just wait
until somebody opens my beer and
everybody touches it on the way down
speaking of which our favorite
disinfectant Gordon beers 60% prefer
above it killed do they make a 60 proof
I could only help that would be
dangerous we really appreciate Gordon
Biersch as always sponsoring us my
personal sponsor the Baroness has kept
me hooked up with root beer I don't know
what proof it is it's good for what ails
you
and yeah so Gordon beers we really
appreciate you on the the saltmarsh
three three-peat which was awesome and
he's gonna continue more about that in a
second you triggered the book of
inspiration at you triggered the book of
inspiration you glorious bastards wait
you do know I had ten inspiration by the
end of it I was like how does that carry
over to the next one I don't know over
the first two days my dad Tuesday he
carried it to Wednesday yeah all right
there you go I was actually just
before we started I was talking with
Tiana some about you know some tips some
tricks and I thought I I haven't watched
the whole thing don't spoil the ending
but I really enjoyed it I thought and
great job thank you like I'll be the
first to say that the stuff that you and
Thomas and Beau do we're having to deal
with terrain and deal with five foot
steps and all that crap so much harder
than my little dog and pony show where
I'm just making
stuff up and I really think that the way
that you that you run combat really well
and I think that's super impressive and
I think your management of terrain which
I know you spent a lot of time on maybe
that's the key I just don't spend a lot
of time on this maybe that's the
difference I don't know that's a but but
I I really like terrain like it like
it's my grandmother used to build
miniature miniatures and doll houses and
stuff and that's my version of you know
what my grandmother used to do so it's
something that I've been much more
violent she made all the furniture in it
most of the pieces survived into
adulthood but some of those dolls did
not do you have couches and things that
we could actually bring for our
furniture I will ask my mom where it
where those are because that's how it's
entirely possible that's awesome I
brother and I used GI Joe figures to be
minute we'd use them as miniatures and
games so we'd play like top secret or
something I it would be the miniatures
and then we made up this whole this
might be the nerdiest thing I've said in
a long time track of these we created
these crazy rules for like running a
professional wrestling stable and the GI
Joe figures were all characters and we
had rankings and there were like excel
this was before excel so there were
actual spring-like paper with like lines
and the kind of like weird numbered
nerdery that only like 11-year olds can
bring to things where like they just
learned enough math to be dangerous what
was the top of nerdiest things no so
there was serpent or who in that world
that the figure of serpent or was
awesome I've worn the shirt before but
he's a guy wearing a big snake suit yeah
and it's unclear if it's a suit or if
he's like part snake if the things
actually could go either way and they
made him well see it actually depends in
one cot in the comic in the IDW comic he
actually is part snake and there's a
whole thing here thing about it a GI Joe
has a whole like there's the cartoon
the Marvel comic runnin there's the IDW
run and the ivw run gets weird when it
turns out that Cobra Commander is like a
not a person he's just like every seven
years somebody new does it and they're
all trying to kill each other no but
that was that was in the original comic
wasn't in the cartoon it was in the
amount of the cartoon cartoon he was he
was somebody's of proto-human he was the
guy who he was the same voice to
Starscream in in GI Joe Cobra Commander
took time off his day job it was being
the voice actor he would record smooth
arresting Wow
how do you think they bought all those
sting tanks come on Batman they'll buy
yourself you'll buy themselves actually
the real GI Joe moment the shirt I'm
wearing is - at 8:00 the eight weapons
of the only eight female characters in
all of GI Joe except they're seven seven
the only seven I wasn't gonna count a
rock there are there are seven wood a
total of seven female characters of the
hundred and fifty GI Joe characters that
were made Wow
seven of them are FEMA definitely
representative of the yeah yeah they
knew their demographic maybe that's
Scarlett Scarlett's on the road this is
like the sniper rifle okay the right
lady Jane is like the like the shotgun
II thing this thing I don't know who the
spear is I don't remember this beer is I
probably jinx oh yeah you're right
that's a good call
yeah that's a good call we are far
afield when are you gonna run a GI Joe
RPG seriously call of chaos that's what
have to be like one of the seven women
yeah that's okay no no I got everyone to
play tomax and Zaman and every time one
of you gets punched the other takes
damage that would be I next week why are
you punching yourself probably in person
you know but Tiana is actually gonna
come back to this chair and run more
saltmarsh some new characters are gonna
be involved some of the old ones are
gonna be back is that yeah we'll see
yeah Amy and James are are are coming
back as Emma and wait Amy's playing a
character named Emma I can talking and
the chaos even it's a little on the nose
because I got well I put it in as a
placeholder and then Thomas like goes
ahead and makes a lower third and like
goes ahead and selects it in and I was
like did he list you as a bard rogue she
told you her name was Emma chaos I was
gonna change that he's like too late now
it's a funny thing if their alignment is
neutral good yeah but and I know Thomas
is gonna play and Warren isn't able to
make it all the days so it's gonna be
another three one or what so what's
what's going to be happening and Amy how
help me out with this we're out already
we're decided like five minutes ago is
like push for four we're gonna be
playing actually five games of saltmarsh
on track negotiated over over the next
two weeks we're gonna be playing five
days of salt marsh and a mitten where
those fall exactly we're still figuring
out and you're gonna be running a mint
yes I am and it's gonna be a little bit
different but a little bit different
this is a path of one Oh mm-hmm
I like that that's very confusing you
just said if it's gonna be a little bit
different but a little bit different you
think of what isn't I
things I don't actually understand what
I'm talking about
fair enough it's like another language
well then you're already a GM players
yes as a wee babby GM I am I am learning
tips and tricks from Ezra he's giving me
a really interesting idea for for
something coming up with salt marsh that
I'll be playing with so I need to have a
backup characters what you're saying
yeah yeah I'm still mad you stole my mud
the mustache big that's okay we had to
yeah so I'm super exciting to be awesome
I I mean look I'm not gonna play D&amp;D but
if I were gonna play D&amp;D it would
probably be a game amy was running that
would be yeah that would be something to
bring me out of retirement yeah we have
it on record yeah we wrote it down it's
gonna take more than like a world ending
virus to get me to play D&amp;D you know it
was the last I think I said this but I'm
not sure we you guys because you gave so
many bits during Tiana's run which was
awesome you triggered the old book of
inspiration and that means tonight we're
gonna give away a Call of Cthulhu
starter kit which I talked about before
but I'll just I'll just say it's a it's
everything a player needs to get into
the world character creation it even has
a little bit of a starter module that
you can play through and it gets you set
up for you can go I you can find a PDF
of an online alone against the flames is
a solo Call of Cthulhu adventure really
good they just put out a sequel it's
called a loan against the ice but don't
I'm not a hundred percent on that but
that's a sequel to that that is again a
solo it's almost like a
choose-your-own-adventure where you know
you have hit points as opposed to so you
can't just let go no I'm gonna flip back
to the other page yeah once you die you
always have your hand in the page then
to the death page and there's actually a
really good app chaos iam did that is
Cthulhu stories and it's like it's
literally a choose-your-own-adventure
you can be like you know and it's it's
it's just a little gosh and remembered
it's called but it's a little thing
where you like I'm gonna go to the altar
you know and that's a terrible idea
I'm gonna read the book yeah of reading
the book we have five hundred bits from
tamago Toro because reading the
Necronomicon and boy do I love watching
Thomas spell Necronomicon and then we
have five hundred bits from my I think
she's my third favorite or second
favorite second fit I'll say she's my
second favorite huh somebody proved me
wrong my second favorite twitch user the
squirrel on the run who for homespun GI
Joe Lord we love you have for that
carried over from last time yes that's
right and you have for that carried over
from last time I was about to make an
introvert social distancing joke about
my wife but you thought better oh man I
am off tonight you are off why do you
keep throwing it at Nick I was trying to
hit the Kalu's those are always my my
goal is to knock stuff off the boxes I
think it was to get it into mine come
into my yeah that's usually thing Oaks
what it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we're trying well it's
actually the the heavier ones are better
for me if I was really trying to trim
the trim the heavier one these are
actually too heavy
yes and my break breakable yeah and chip
a tooth I continued never catch
inspiration with your mouth I think that
is that's a real public service
announcement I think that's on the
poster Amy put up out there or do you
have to say two weeks ago not following
those rules I cannot stop touching my
face like that's gonna happen
I can't stop touching other people's
faces that's the weird you know
[Laughter]
so I have my 1 JD Matthews 85 my 1
saving it to kill somebody get those
backup characters out here don't we have
something for fire is already and we not
starting to fire yet though I feel like
we're obligated you start a fire quite
well you know it's funny you say that
because chat is very it is a constant
quote subject we oh when does EMI or the
fireball yeah one at least make sense
leave it leave a fire never tell room
it's like well time to burn this place
down man later make sure they can't get
any of our hair or whatever loss it fast
[Music]
wow that's a yelp review with some tea
yeah that's better than a harshly worded
email just start a fire it's the nose
[Laughter]
nothing to do with the beer what no this
this is sanity restoring I see here all
you're saying your spam needs oh there
you go say good that sounds like a good
night that's a real 1920s thing father
Gordon Biersch insanity restorer good
for Dales yeah my last note to make no
sense you know thanks to Professor
lamb yes charmed that rapscallion and
massive opium fiend Warren bass art who
I think is right there
Warren bass art is you brought him back
to your hotel room mm-hmm which is never
a bad idea
it smells terrible mm-hmm B he's caught
he's like he's looking for alcohol which
luckily we easily found but nobody wants
to like you no he's not he's he doesn't
get out of my glass he's not a good well
he
entering out a glass and we get a minion
hub can you get it nothing bad happens
when you said somebody drowned yes we
don't have to fill it all the way or
even a little way yeah we cannot he is
our moth you know he is super gross but
he is very charmed by you and you're
cool he can go into John's are your arms
in mono if you have money to buy him new
clothes and you won't get a peacock
dress yeah
or anyone oh that's a great idea leave
him in the peacock dress I would pay
money but you've gotta bathe em wait so
I lose I lose I lose this you know there
has to be some sort of cuz you want
contract just getting weirder and
weirder but you know it's it's the whole
thing as a charm though you know I've
did my part
so I charmed him now I don't want to
talk to him I'll talk to him I'm not
bathing him exactly who's complaining
about how I know that he'll bathe him
but he won't give him the peacock dress
like this yeah that peacock dress was
expensive babe I'm like the whole thing
like his clothes get watching have to
stay hose off like get some soap cause
it's night out is it you know I don't
think it's a good idea to call the next
episode when I'm talking bathing I'm
talking the whole thing all the words
individual ads would all be for cleaning
products bubbles would be for kick
starters for baths no personal every
YouTube ad is for a Kickstarter voiced
by a Bond villain is this only my you I
think it's this guy who's this this
bicycle reflector is made for the
optimum
I know what you're talking about yes I
did I've been YouTube the last couple of
days I have not run into any Kickstarter
ads it's mostly I feel it's wordly or um
well funny Facebook I've been getting
every one of them Facebook I've been
getting
kind of answer clearly you guys do too
much Kickstarter stuff well moving on my
my wife agrees we have another 500 bitsy
tamago Torah because the black Pharaoh
can't destroy Cairo if it's already
burned down you know get your family out
first yes to save Cairo it became
necessary to destroy Cairo
it's very English you some should
understand that controlled demolitions
yeah yeah
so yes Warren Bazaar is currently
rummaging through the out the bar the
wet bar of your suite
long since cleaned out very disappointed
the first day it got cleared out what
are we gonna do with him I forgot what I
came into the tub what was so he knew
something but he had the keys yes he had
some very good information for us about
the capstone well I didn't have the
information at that point in time we
just we got information for what has
come now from nursing the dream lands
that we need would you like some alcohol
dinner at the hab sound we'd like to
learn about the capstone I'm gonna get a
bucket of water I'm an the water this is
you are you gonna set him on fire and
then this is good bad cop
aughter boredom ski boredom
no I got the mo I'm gonna ski boy get
the water wait whiskey I thought we had
like vodka well I do are you what are
you drinking my vodka out yes well some
put your name on it I didn't see
anything that said Emma's vodka this
just but and there's all that what I
what you took my class I really want to
see the employment contract
back empty and with a smell with a smell
and no explanation you know hmm
this is tough talk from Silvana I'm
really impressed
oh I've been a couple of days I'm at my
end
I'm good a vodka bored this guy yes yes
Bussard responds very well to the good
cop part and yeah who's that again
theoretically oh you're gonna drink him
not pour it in his nose
no I'll actually start giving him shots
okay I'm sorry which of us is a good
church person I know I don't know
anymore class does not leave my hand
until he starts telling me about the cap
to the pyramid I'm here with my
notes in honor I'm smiling but as soon
as that doesn't work get water that's
gonna suck please let me give this to
you I you have any opium we don't have
any I will come later right now don't
right now right now it's vodka opium
later vodkas not bad huh sheesh why god
bless you laugh at that timing that's a
great day no sheesh it's well it's
it's like really crappy opium so there's
nothing to do with the the calf of the
the Red Pyramid no but it it makes me
forget we need you to remember right now
that's why opium comes later
vodka remember the capstone well the
woman has it the woman in Elnora
not a woster awastha okay good he's
where these she has a capstone but
and what's her name
nori nori he's her name she cared for me
we mm-hmm
when I went away you know what you
deserve this shot of vodka
oh I'll pour another shot I went to
where mmm
you are very lovely appreciate that
because she's not giving you the vodka
you are necessary if you are there
mustache perhaps it was what I saw it's
that pyramids I I lost two months of my
life and I've spent the rest of my life
tried to forget what I saw there it was
terrible him what six years ago five six
years ago a lawyer contacted me and said
you will be the purchasing agent for my
rich American client I said that's fine
I'm rich American or two of my favorite
word's but that is when I met mr. Roger
Carlisle hmm a name I do not want to spit
on your lovely carpet but the end of the
empty shot glass I am I purchased
certain artifacts for him from Feroz
najjar he's an antiquities dealer and I
ship them out of Egypt quite illegally
the thing I believe you know something
about that hmm give a very bad shocked
face tell me are you professor lamb Oh
thank you yes yes I am your reputation
precedes your self not only are you
lovely but you are a very canny
businesswoman oh well I appreciate that
thing I have learned you know in our
line of work there is a particular way
of sneaking things through customs that
is called landing it you're famous well
that's not absolutely that good it's
just in there the circles not of course
of course well I mean of course it's
it's trade talk yeah but so I lammed
these things out of Egypt to the Pena
Foundation and I believe they made their
way to New York or something and or they
found them in London I don't know but
since I came to Egypt I think it was hmm
I met them and I arranged for all their
equipment and permits they invited me to
travel with them and you know they were
rich so I said sure why not and then
they were in - or in the area of the
bent pyramid and one day Brady came to
me and he told me that Carlisle the woman
with the strange name and served Babri
and dr. Houston had entered the pyramid
then vanished and he was he was very
worried didn't he he said there was foul
play and he pointed out to me I was
drunk he pointed out to me that they the
workers had all fled and OH
Hypatia and we did not know what to do
so I got the Brady drunk you know right
calm him down a little Eve Arion edge
that man do you have any opium not here
no can I have more vodka
you're very thirsty please M but the
next morning Carl ions the others
reappeared and say they said that it had
found a tremendous find but they would
not say that that pen you he was a
madman for secrecy never said a word and
if if anyone said anything about what
was going on he would deal with them
quite harshly but they were all very
excited but there was something
different about all of them that was
that was the last time I saw I felt like
any of them were
that was the last time that I felt like
I could relate to any of them they were
they changed it like in what way the way
they spoke the way they did things yes
and ways they smoked spoken dumb and
they they ceased to care about their
fellow man there was no there was no
concern given to to Brady or to me or to
anyone else so you couldn't relate to
them as human no no as we were talking
pin you just shot a man one of the
workers he just killed him right there
and didn't flinch Brady and I were
shocked by these of course that doesn't
sound like him no well but that evening
an old woman I would come to know as
Marie she said her son had been one of
the diggers and that the diggers had
fled because Karla and the others had
consorted with an ancient evil him the
messenger of the black weand center of
the black wind and she she she said that
she could tell that Brady and I were the
only two souls worth saving
and then she made me an offer that I
regret
she said if I did not believe her that
she would lead me to proof and I did not
believe her and Brett well Brady was the
one who demanded proof reach mmm and so
she led us to the collapsed pyramid that
may do might before the dark of the Moon
I went God helped me I went I took one
of the trucks pretending to leave for a
night and I drove to meet him I secreted
myself where she advised and in the
midnight blackness I saw Carlisle's and
the others de sport themselves in
obscene rituals with a hundred madmen
the desert the very desert came alive
crawling undulating towards the ruins of
the pyramid to my horror the stone ruins
themselves became a skeletal bulging
i-beam it's at that point you might say
to yourself Warren you're a madman
although at that point I would still
quite say we actually were gonna judge
then the creatures or the strange
creatures part man part animal all
terrible they started to emerge out of
the sand and they they would reach up
out of the sand and grab these fools
that were just dancing and singing and
pulled them down into the sand never to
be seen again and all of this went on
until only the Europeans and one robe
now it's when Warren went insane because
out of the sand came an awful thing with
five heads and it devoured the one robed
celebrant but that was awful yes but the
worst part the guy in the robe he
welcomed it he was actively in he he'd
that is the worst thing I have ever seen
at that point I fainted and then I woke
the next morning alone I wandered the
desert and upon Abdoun I came upon
hundreds of sphinxes all dark black all
waiting these were alive and they were
waiting for something I fainted again
and that's when Nori's son found me and
dragged me to her hut where apparently I
being hit by a ghost train doesn't seem
so bad anymore
yeah that was quite a sentence we come
across interesting things the only thing
that helps me is opium opium makes me
forget the things I have seen how she
shoves a little but opium but you said
that Nuri has the capstone did you have
it when she found you no she has it it
is sitting in her heart or well was I've
not seen nori in some time and I should
warn you her son has has not been
treated kindly he he was one of the
diggers who fled before they were all
torn apart but he did not escape
unscathed what happened to him well he
was beset by horrible creatures and part
but there is this capstone that you seek
okay all right how do we find
Nerys Hut then I mean and luster is not
a large city hmm yeah probably won't be
too difficult probably she might find us
now please professor I understand that
you by asking these questions Warren was
born at night but not last night
I understand what you mean to do and I
wish to be no part of it I wish to
forget that I ever met you so may I have
ten dollars for a month's worth of opium
that I will smoke tonight I'm fine with
it could I ask you one last question of
course the five headed beast what were
I think are they animal heads were they
human heads I do no no no I do not I do
not think about that fair enough but you
might want to find an opium den outside
just friendly advice
I mean I I know Cairo I don't know much
outside of Cairo but well this upcoming
week might be a good week to broaden
your horizons well on the plus side
after tonight I won't remember any of
these there so all right $10 send one
more of those vodkas yeah we're looking
forget I'm 10 bucks yeah mmm you are
very kind but don't do this go home
there's no there's no point down this
path
some of you seem very very professional
and very successful and you don't want
to become like warand
we've already seen too much we can't
I can give you the address of a couple
good opium dens we might need them later
I mean I'm more in favor of a good
psychiatrist vacation mm-hmm nice long
vacation
somewhere just on the beach playing
trains automobiles miss London and so
then I will wish you bon sean's and I
will hope that we never meet again so
long poor man take care of yourself and
warned you will leave hmm we should
probably get going now and that is
probably the last to deliver see daeng
are we on Friday the 13th round though
the toilet I believe in his Friday the
13th that's what I was thinking was
yesterday hmm
tomorrow's Pi Day tomorrow we're playing
this game in real time right happy pi
day everyone a slice of pie for me hmm
so yes it is the night it's the morning
of the 13th no no youyou dealt with this
art last night okay weird to sleep but
it's the morning of the have to sleep we
slipped we slept long and well we can
keep going into the night and follow
some cat somewhere oh yeah make a power
rule
now okay um
change my dice I wonder though five
heads yeah yeah let's not think about it
yeah not thinking you're halfway to ward
not thinking about it means it'll sneak
up on us and bite us like living like we
can assume we can safely assume and not
give it any thought living black
obsidian sphinxes that's my gun yeah
mm-hmm yep there is an army there maybe
he's dinner meal so we're taking this
dream Lance do we know where we're
taking this pyramid cap to this is to
the business to the bench do we know I
don't remember it's the red pyramid
capital Hughes yeah we're putting it to
Kenta contain him okay but who did with
the with the rod question once we got
there how do we keep it there
what's the stuff anyone from going to
move it and steal someone eventually
we'll all we can do is slow things down
yeah yeah it'll keep Cairo burning and
again to the black Pharaoh would
probably have to make a deal with
somebody in order to get it removed
because because because one of the rules
is that he cannot directly it's a minion
like a the Carlisle expedition or now the
climb I'm sure they're fine Clyde
expedition good good kids so you might
hear them they're sort of how you sort
of have four outside of Cairo locations
right now you have Elwha stir yes Giza
where there are three pyramids and the
Sphinx you have what warrant what
bizarre it was just talking about el
medium which ll made him I don't feel
like we have to really visit very many
of you know and you have and you have
the bent pyramid where you've
already had some

it is the morning
of the 13th when you wake up the
headdress is warm how did I sleep on it
like
your temple a bit hmm hello Oh
everything's fine
oh okay one fully charged oh you should
really take advantage of my capabilities
how so
eldritch power God you mean make a sign
I mean if that sales are you a one-trick
pony
pretty much yeah I could I I was trying
to bide you like to learn more rituals
depends on the rituals depends on what I
mean I'm open to suggestions
that don't require the use of blood is
it Jim I mean you're really cutting down
on my own blood is a blood is a major
factor in most rituals
I just doesn't have to be yours yeah no
I'd like it's better if it's not yours
whoa all the same you know I said buy a
cattle try and get some camels but then
have a cookout afterwards that's why I
needed those camels I mean what what do
you wanna do what do you love to learn
that that that door spell oh the one
before you because then we could get the
Necronomicon go on well if we can get to
it get in get out we can get it that's
why I was trying to learn that do you
want to steal al-aziz that's what you
told me to do who's your idea this is
great fun this is great you told me that
if we had that all right here's the
thing
mm-hmm you don't need that door spell
what do I need you and the boy already
get to go in there and stay late so just
take care of the one guy who's guarding
it no discretion we're looking for
discretion there's I mean here's the
thing Kapoor has magical
defenses in there hmm this is gonna need
to be a terrestrial aren't you people
thieves no I swear with traveling around
with you that you're thieves thinking
really hard I must have blocked out one
of my stolen anything well I mean me you
weren't stolen
you killed someone to take me I did whoa
this was a passion not to that nothing
to do it well I had sectors I didn't
take those you took that well I mean
well they were taken off of a dead body
well we weren't trying to show off that
hill before well no the book you know
you know we're not killing anyone
no no we are not murderers
you rang I'm just I'm not a murderer I'm
just trying to understand when it's okay
to kill someone and win it isn't
generally self-defense or if we're
wearing a robe and somebody horrible
creatures look you know what does I
don't know don't tell me no no this
conversations over
I mean if that's how you feel that's
fine but look for a robe in his desk
is all I'm saying
I'm sure he has one but that's not no I
mean that was really you said like a
robe is one of the things you need to
kill somebody
no I have to be no that's not what I
you know she's using those staves to
steal your soul what what I'm gonna go
yes hello can I come in
I have a question for you sure come on
in
what have you been doing with those
staves their batteries what I mean I've
they be you generally have to have a
sort cider just from the energy from
from people around you could you hold
off on doing that cuz that's us that's
us
how we're gonna make more of the how are
we gonna get the power to make more you
can work that out we can work that out
we'll have a discussion by it'll be out
in the open you won't steal anyone's
soul no souls house just a little birdie
told me so look if they're stealing
stoles we can steal a book that's soul I
can still sauce it's empty there's
energy out in the world it comes in and
it comes into the stand then we can make
more of those dos but that's our energy
out in the world
she's making a lot of sense there's a
lot of different kinds of energy out in
the world look kid you're really nice
I'll let you take me off if you put me
on her Oh No
well good talk Oh close the door okay
okay
you left hot rock so again the book got
a fight fire with fire right or in this
case fight fire with you know dark arts
and probably blood let's be on far off
we can avoid the blood though so but
we're good with the dark arts look we
could just knock him out you don't have
to kill him what again discretion I
third have you people never heard of
ether how that is an option yeah oh I
have to think about this I'm sorry we
don't have that kind of time
make a power rule assisting me with the
power is it not as oh so close but I'm
not spending luck it's gonna say Rio you
could you got a lot of inspiration out
there I'm not gonna roll better I might
I might crit you got a puncher's chance
do they really do you want to wait five
percent chance my man let's do it no
that's a waste of insulation it's just
gonna be worse smog I get it here comes
an Amy this is a good evening
opportunity justice well it's an aiming
but it's not that much all right yeah I
very clearly yeah I fell all right I
mean you want to buy so you know ether
you want to you want to not too far out
as painlessly as possible and take the
book you would never see it coming
that's the trick hmm they've stopped
searching you when you come in because
you come there so often you probably
need to bring the kid I'm gonna go knock
on another door whose door are you
knocking on yo sis oh come on in hmm Oh
Silvio
hi I was hoping I can share some notes
with you I've learned so many great
things I want to talk to you about you
need to get that book absolutely yeah
I have an idea okay I've been with it
but many times down to exactly what it
looks like I've been consents of what
the weight is the weight is very
important we get another book okay the
same weight same appearance and we do
the little little switch a root trick
when they switch the books around I like
this kid oh all we need is the time when
we're putting the book in the box is
just a quick distraction of some sorts
for shopping right now absolutely need
to go find a fancy bubble store looks
yeah yeah okay okay let's go let's go
all right yeah you can find I mean you
can find an old book that feels like
it's about the same weight yeah the
weight is important very important so
when they're carrying the box it will
just feel the same we just check it out
so buy time for we put it back in the
box that one time
we never scared again it season the
season this they never know when you're
gonna need ether is true I might have a
night where I'm having trouble going to
sleep and I just need to good night you
yeah so he makes a stop at the
apothecary of course and buys a not at
all alarming amount of ether mm-hmm yeah
a modest I asked for a modest deeper and
I get a modest amount of ether and why
are you here oh are we stuck on some of
no but I mean actually the headdress any
of the any of the rituals for protection
herbs came up are there actually any
decent herbs for protection rituals that
I might want to get why I'm here is
there anything you need why I'm here I
mean you probably need more ether
I swear why don't you people use either
I'm getting ether yeah but ah how many
times have you like tried to hit
somebody over the head I don't try to
hit people over the head all right I'm
getting the ether well so you should
tell the rest of your crew that ether is
surprisingly effective ether is
surprisingly effective there are you
happy now I mean he's not the one you
should tell well I'll get around to it
no one else is here cuz the other one
they just use nah they go right to
knives huh oh we try to knock somebody
out we might need to just in case we
need to we're also violent you're right
yeah that's a good idea
mm-hmm that mean they're not being
violent pardon me yeah now just in case
you could get some cyanide or something
oh I think we have everything we need
okay let's go
I like this headband your choice poison
is super effective just give a guy a cup
of tea well times Tom yeah so you guys
are out shopping so what our youth are
you you're gonna you're you're doing
what you're doing yep I do my usual
nothing
right yeah one last thing yeah we need
to be sleeping much further from lamb
why is she is she kind of steel so
baking parts of our soul to fill this
how is she doing that but the staves you
can make you know what for you this will
be in a control I haven't really noticed
anything you can make an occult role
listen you've learned so many horrible
success yeah so you've learned so many
horrible things there are books you know
like there's like three chapters in
allah's 'if about ways to like use other
people's souls to do magic for you
she must be powering something using the
ambient lifeforce of those around her
she's charging the staves have you
noticed any kind of lethargy or she's
practically a vampire lacking the will
to exist and go on yeah I think about
that well it's practically a vampire or
there's so many voices I'm sorry I'll be
little quiet no you're fine but you've
got ether so I'm sure it's fine maybe
get some garlic we should get some
garlic don't give it any cilantro
cilantro is tarah tastes like soap but
the food there's already pretty spicy
people what the fluids rather spicy I
don't know if garlic would blow fur for
rituals and whatnot oh how we doing
rituals potentially hopefully what are
we doing there have you learned any what
what did you learn tell me oh that's so
much bigger than rituals rituals are
just just the tip of the iceberg but we
had time I have so many notes to share
with you okay ask him about time we have
so much time okay we have so much time
okay no no I mean ask him about time oh
there okay now you know he can control
time hmm I mean so can i it's really not
that big a deal do you want it out of
control time I can teach you
uh I'm drinking from the flask right now
I'm that's what I'm sick ins can you get
I think a lot chickens aren't that
expensive are they yeah well good
because I'm spirits your mister like oh
I don't want to kill people oh I'm
trying to I'm trying to not use I'm
trying to not use blood and the
headdress just want so much blood your
headdress once but it doesn't stop
talking about it that ether cyanide
blood I feel like I'm being
misrepresented here ooh like like a
voodoo ritual where they had the chicken
and they kill the chicken is the part
standing blood do we have persons blood
but a cow's blood or chickens I think we
could go to a butcher shop and just oh
should be a live chicken could be a
child hmm I had more more more the flats
mmm museum let's yeah what shows you
would know that for this plan to work
you really need to be there at night
when there are fewer people right during
the day there are people you know there
are a lot more staff around that sort of
thing at night now they've become used
to you being there and Kapoor has said
it's okay but we can let's just go right
before closing well what we can do is do
we want to try and get the surface of
the book to match we can go and take
notes no exactly it's like oh yeah that
thing is burnt in your brain okay maybe
we spend some time on this just long as
the color and the texture is pretty
similar yeah wait less important wait
he's not looking I just need you
distracting for just a moment we'll have
all the time in the world okay you don't
have to kill him do that what's the
point of the ether we don't need
anything just wait you're now your act
now like you know what ether is I'm the
one that told you about ether we'll have
all the time in the world to do this
chair huh let's go get some tea yes you
don't get to pretend like you're the one
trying to save me I'm the one trying to
save people you know I didn't want to
kill anyone
I don't really either it's that's where
we're gonna get some tea yeah in
biscuits to your heart's content
this let's go it's it's time I shouldn't
have said that with you
three hours later there's a knock on
your door alright can i peek out sure
okay emma is standing at your door okay
Larry so what's up
have you seen the girdle I did you don't
have the girdling I thought you had it
no I thought you had it why would I have
the girl what are you doing with those
staves why are they out cuz I like them
you should not have those out and I'll
put them back in the in the case so you
don't know where the girdle is alright
well I mean I man I'll go check my
luggage
alright you're over there alright make a
luck roll oh come on you guys boohoo 35
what's my luck I don't know 39 I made it
there you go alright you now make a
listen rule that's all that's also under
the Al's
oh no oh no no no all right so but she's
lucky so here's what we see
Emma is sitting in her room surprisingly
not drinking this is Brian I mean
there's a drink on the table but she's
not currently drinking and emma is not
is going up to her door and she
consciously waits until your door closes
mm-hmm and then liquid starts to seep
under the door and the camera pans back
Emma sitting in a chair I'm just kind of
like chillin as Emma Prime starts to
I'm a prime is very quiet mm-hmm and you
rolled in 97 so what what now follows is
a comically long searching scene of like
Emma prime like going through your
entire luggage as you're sitting there
like taking a sip of your you know if
your vodka martini and you know you're
reading yeah the newspaper or some
windowsill looking yeah yeah and like
every time you sort of turn around like
she descends mm-hmm and then you come
back and where are you keeping the
girdle under my pillow right that's
right like you but her eyes are
totally black I was good the time now
would I go her eyes I don't know you
have agency there yeah so I I'm thinking
you know if she was asking me about this
she must be really drunk I should
probably try to figure out you know give
her out of her room so she's not sitting
there drinking all day all right make me
a local as opposed to usual yeah yes all
right so yeah you will you will knock on
the door but did you get a regular
success for a lot for luck yeah okay
so that means regular yeah okay so if
it's not half err yeah yeah so you run
up and you you knock on his door your
door there's a knock on your door and
you would swear that out of like the
your peripheral like out of the corner
of your eye you saw some motion but it's
gone now okay all right so put my glass
yeah I'm like ah fine
open the door yeah what's up are you
doing okay well I mean I don't know I
just went to crazy Emma town no no I
didn't just I mean you were you were
wandering around you came and knocked on
my door you couldn't remember where your
room was I just wanted to make sure that
you were cool I haven't left my room all
just gonna knock
door and you were asking me about the
girdle and then you know oh you've been
drinking all day know what you know if
you gonna start drinking without me I
mean I don't you know both of you make
listen rules okay I'm gonna need a hard
success here no all right so I'm still
like continued why didn't you call me I
mean I wanted to make sure what a dream
okay it seemed like you were drunk cuz
you came to knocked on my door
well where the girl was and then you
couldn't remember what room you were in
okay I mean I'm in room 12 I should
always be in reality I've been here but
okay really is room 12 available no
reason so I mean I rub it on the inside
my wrists so I can't forget you never
coming over and no how am i doing asking
me no but no and do I notice that she's
wearing something different yes she is
well dressed in a different outfit yeah
I'm like I've been sitting right there
by the window just chillin I'm a prime
is dressed like Emma was in in the
desert the last man she met the black
Pharaoh yeah okay so would I I saw Emma
Prime mm-hmm
oh it's clear to you that was a
different Emma yeah or something yeah
all right there's something that's
impersonating you what do you mean
something well it can't be just a person
that's impersonating you it looked like
you what you were wearing in the desert
that that that outfit with the
rabbits was that the last time I saw the
black Pharaoh hey Pharaoh
damn him when you say that you hear your
voice behind you say I found this but
where is the girdle and hand me the
sword what you can't afford your thing
the list Emma Prime is standing behind
you with the the sword of Akmala where
is the girdle what do you mean where's
the girdle I know exactly what you're
doing I know how dumb you play can you
turn around a little bit just turn
around just just I'm please just just
turn the side so my ass look like that
all the time you should take me while
that vodka those are calories and you're
a liver I know when you're gonna die
please let it be so and so I see the
darkness in her and blackness in her
eyes now that I didn't notice before um
geez why are you here what look you
remind me the girdle or I'm gonna start
a fire
hold on it's not the worst idea I've
heard today that's why I'm gonna do it
what do you need the girdle for that's a
question and also the black Farrell
wants the girdle so now he's sending you
hold on hold on hold on though so are
you me yes I'm the Uist you there ever
was so what does that mean the Uist you
means I killed all those damn rabbits
well they call themselves I mean really
you just know that wouldn't killed
itself I killed the other one why don't
you kill the rest of my friends cuz I'm
Emma prime there's one Emma and it's me
oh no there's not there's one Emma and
it's me
I'm a constant do you want to fight I
have a sword I don't care and you want
to go start a fire I will good ok I'll
start one two she pulls out a match I
will see you're my father I don't know
who to root for it
and I throw my vodka down and throw it
down you're like ha she thrusts the
match on there and bush there is a fire
starting I do it
do I hear literally any of this am i
Yeller persuaded to grab this I want to
see if I can get you want to try and
tackle em alive yes yeah alright yeah
thank you I can open it so that though
I'm like well going under your grappling
is alright Lee complicated by the fire
that just started yeah I know I know
use the fire to your advanced talk to
get it by the sword point out okay so
I'm just gonna try to knock her on the
side and yeah alright so I make a brawl
brawl brawl brawl brawl brawl centers
fighting where dodge my dodge is 20
I have fighting go fighting brawl there
it is oh I'm a prime they see the mm she
is like some meat actually so you come
laught you launch yourself at her yes
and she once again does that liquid
thing of just like gosh sure yeah into
the wall and you go flying path odd
could burn 17 - so no one's gonna
realize she looks to you she grabs
another bottle and she pours it on the
fire okay so I don't I go for my I go
under I go for my bed I go for the
girdle alright
she's like just watching you and she's
kind of watching the fire and then I try
to go to my room
I'm we're gonna go to initiatives what's
your decks 40 she's she's kind of the
same decks as I do it's true
I'm yeah so you have the highest X
you're gonna be at the 70s fantastic I'm
gonna except I'm sitting in my room
reading I'm just kind of trying to relax
after all of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that went down in
the land of Emma welcome back to the
land
yep so I'm gonna get up and just like
absently touch the daggers that I always
have on me get up and go I need to get
like come around to Emma's room is the
door open
yes as a matter of fact there is smoke
coming out of the room when you open
your door you can get my smell I'm going
to have a fire pinch and vodka all right
that's you on a 70 I think you're on a
65 I'm gonna stop putting this in front
of the camera 65 I'm actually gonna
run out and go to my room all right yeah
you run out to go grab your staff sure
yeah problem and I'm out in the hallway
you have initiative a cinema crime do I
grab my box the girdle that's between
you and your god yeah you you reach you
can you grab I mean yeah you go right
under the pillow it's there and you now
have the girdle and she looks at it just
just give it to me and I'll go away no
just give me my vodka you go away I
poured your vodka on the fire I hate you
and I run up the door enjoy see her and
Mahon heard Emma comes running with a
sword
okay but you were Emma Emma goes she's
got the girdle did I see her eyes make a
spot hidden good nope nope oh she's got
the girdle or no she it's got the girdle
okay am I not taking off yeah so this is
now gonna be a chase no boy yes so how
it's gonna work what see what you what's
your decks use maybe 40 yeah exactly 40
yeah we're right there we go so it's
gonna be debt we are doing opposed decks
rolls YouTube will use decks rolls to
catch up okay so you are both one roll
behind right now okay okay so everybody
roll your debts we're gonna Emma crime
oh yeah I got high hard success yeah I
just got a regular success bright
success
so everybody made it you got a hard
success yes so you are now up you have
run up so what do you want to do I'm
actually going to try to grab her some
of her power mine or the other one the
one I know them all right
yes all right oh that would be awesome
you know which clothes she's wearing yes
all right close I know she's got that
Lisp yeah sure
make me a power rule oh yes an extreme
an extreme success all right
you needed a hard success because so um
oh no we're all going insane weights we
booked a backup hotel right okay so you
um I new here so there's not gonna help
but this will help Roby to d-10 not
percentile dividend I gotta send an
Wow okay so like make me a spot
hidden role actually you're but you're
still behind them you see Emma Prime
like flicker whoa and the sword drops
yeah and she decides chasing after her
is more important than the sword she
keeps going okay well I'm gonna go grab
the sword too
sorry well that so that that's like you
behind yeah I'll set you boys okay
alright so now it is the mouth leaving
it there the next round of racial find
you oh you're behind okay you're gonna
keep going yeah alright objects rolls
I want to grab the sword that'll slow
you down that's fine nope made it this
time I did not miss out of 96
no oh darts and a musics Emma prime is
gonna tackle you
she got a hard success oh yeah do you
make it yes okay regular success well
you should make a dodge roll worse this
is what we save inspiration for no I
still had a lot of it do it no my dodge
you don't lose the girdle
don't let her wear the girdle and then
get sacrificed well not to be great I
did stab her pretty sure it wouldn't be
Haman turning tonight at Chris this
would be bad time the night of Chris
prime but she should be seen yeah I was
at ninety Chris or ninety Chris we're
not doing transform herself I guess I
mean I've got a 20 Dodgers role any
better cut spindle on sir you can't push
the roll no you did light a fire the
super early yeah the hotel is on fire oh
yeah that's by the way our stuff is
there that inspiration alright so Emma
prime tackles you okay and she
whispers all I have to do is kill you
or take this and she grabs the thing and
she's gonna start running don't we have
to do a post strength rolls or something
dumb like that sure we'll do what's your
strength 48 you know about Prime rolling
for taking those dice away from you I
whoa nice
I got a know nine so then so you to you
you bet you bet I made it right all
right so you're gonna come up and you're
gonna see Emma's tug of warring over the
bucks with the with the girdle in it I'm
yelling that stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] took my knife
you do not okay the other the Emma Prime
is yelling just his awful things by
myself from two refined to actually say
um and referring to you as it okay so if
you if she she can hold her thing until
I cut and then and then and that I can
tell you which one is which right I can
tell her which one is which I mean if
she believes you yeah we're pretty much
level with each other cuz you didn't you
didn't make it but I stopped to grab
that's all yeah yeah so alright so now
we're just gonna go to initiatives
because now this is no longer a chase so
you you come you come pulling up and to
Emma's are like going back and forth
make a listen rule okay get 99 Wow oh I
hear nothing
this is an episode yes alright well
there's suddenly much closer than you
thought there are two large men with
centers and one of them is like it's I
mean you rolled a 99 so he's gonna take
the attack yeah he's gonna miss so a a
large sword goes hmm crap and there are
two guys in black robes with symptoms
and also when you turn around there is
starting to be a great deal of smoke
well this went bad very quickly with the
most alcohol all right Joyce okay it's
still my turn
um can I see anything with the two of
them attempt to tell them apart make a
spot enroll okay not those dice yeah 11
that is a critical success all right
yeah you see her eyes okay what Prime
has like black eyes thank goodness okay
um I'm gonna take an attack with the
scimitar just try to cut through her
through it with the the sort of uh
Kamala
all right and hope to Christ that that
does more than normal things you have a
fights org nice long knife is not along
all right so you're gonna but you're
9800 there's a lot of crazy so I'm gonna
make you an offer
oh you can stab the wrong Emma or you
can stab the box which will send the
girdle skittering down the floor I also
have the box okay
the girdle goes flying up hits the
ground and it was a fumble so I think I
so yeah it's skitters down the hall a
little bit toward or away from the guys
at the cemetery
wait excellent yeah so toward I think
you're next somebody say is it towards
me today no yes sir you're about the two
big guys okay you know you and Alexandra
we're both with the two cultists got it
got it got it got it got it
um I am going to concentrating on taking
makeup our role Emma's power nope okay
we can't inspire it you could inspire it
inspire you don't do it okay all right
let's get another set of these okay all
right different roles in color I can
tell the 59 and I was now just outside
you could spend a lot ooh
or you could push it work you have a ton
of love yes I'm gonna spend for luck I
love it
I was joking all right wait wait wait
wait I have to do add to subtract right
so I only needed yeah I subtract four
no look good luck okay yep there you go
so you now have four fewer luck yep
all right roll me a d-10 what's your
con oh you don't want to know I know
8000 I got it I got a ste seven okay um
she doesn't flicker this time but you
definitely see like I'm a prime kind of
go like whoa I was hoping that would
give you enough time all right it's a
tie I'm gonna go after the girdle if I
see it skip yes yes my both are later so
this is gonna be let's call it a posed
ex role okay for what for yep
for Z's there you go you know I'm a
prime real well but no you're not rolled
out yeah I know so I may be you
and smiling huh yeah you feel like
you're like down on the ground like
covering the thing next round you can
get up she was trying to do that and she
didn't get it so that's that on less
than a 40 the two muscle are gonna go
one will attack each of unit misses you
and professor misses you all right so
hard to find good help
that's a mood okay knowing that I'm not
good with with this damn sword I wrote
it down I'm not going to throw it down I
can hold it I said hold it in my off
hand and go with the I go with my out my
hand it is I mean yeah the wait is weird
I have a lemon of sword fighting I mean
the weight is weird but but but if I use
it as like a pivot point okay I'm gonna
say my sword fighting so you could throw
the back to the professor because you
know that you saw me beat Bertram was it
a saber or was it a rapier that was true
because those are very different ways
yes mm-hmm it was a Calvary saver all
right you're gonna you're gonna Knight
this guy tonight this game all right
make her willing yes not a hard success
but it's a rigorous all right roll
you're damaged so 1.d4 plus 2 a 3 all
right he did not care for that at all
excellent are you gonna keep zapping yes
under make a power roll they are now
like entangled so at a difficulty die to
this I'm actually I'm gonna make you an
offer you can take a difficulty die and
if you miss you just miss or you can
roll normally but if you miss you're
gonna hit Emma and take her power yeah
still charging your battery yeah okay no
oh my god we're gonna have a talk later
by the way yeah I'm just I'm doing what
I need to do the magic points recharge
pow yes yeah okay roll me a d-10
nice
God why can't I roll like blacks I'm
rolling really well yours f5 rolling
crazy five alright
once again pinch em a prime like
shutters a little but she refuses to go
unconscious thanks to your con and my
great rolling sorry my good rolling your
great rolling that's that no I
want to kick her in her business
alright that sounds like an opposed
fight role so what is your fight 37 my
good roles wish mine as well what's all
right MA I got a 70 what follows is a
slap fight for the you gotta hear nice
psychological warfare
alright the two dudes one examines oh
you should make a dodge roll okay I know
you take five points of damage
hmm here under this and you should make
oh yeah oh nice yeah you dodge you dodge
successfully all right back to the top
of the lineup cool I'm gonna knife the
guy who's boos trying to do what having
me you do too
alright Oh inspire that yes yes aim
Denham they've only ever said nice
things about you yeah nice success
alright roll your damage okay
that is a five get him right back for
what he did to me he is very unhappy and
so now there his smoke pouring into the
hall and now there's blood all over this
beautiful gold carpet now on the floor
here mostly his blood happily good right
to you yeah alright new try again
you know adjustment to the tree same
offer
yield trimmers say they have not they
have not stuffed their scrum all right
yeah scrum I mean nice alright roll me a
d-10 you got a chance here get her
I do some math yes all right she does
that liquid thing again but comes back
but like you zapped her there I was like
do you definitely feel like you feel
there's there's a palpable hum to you
hmm it's us okay my rolls are no longer
going what am i wrong against 31 what am
i rolling for you're fighting with her
right
yes I may be wrong okay then you you are
up you you knew you do it it's a d3
plus your damage bonus okay so what does
that have a six I would have to sit yeah
roll a d6 and divided by 2 so that's 2
plus I don't know what DB is zero okay
points
I'm a prime like you scratch it's now
very easy to tell the prime alcoholic
here like now it's like a dynasty
episode yes housewives old boy when
Alexis in Alexis in oh god what was
crystal yeah yes it's all nice well they
re up dynasty and never mind they redid
a redo of dynasty yeah on The WB Wow
that seems like a bad idea
that's what I thought I know is the
newer dynasty so yeah you like scratch
her and she is unhappy the two dudes one
on you you should make a very good dot
roll
some might say lark this that's yes you
made a heart I regard
all right you dodge tank it's the maker
somehow the professor doesn't take a lot
of damage I know
no I did not make my Dodge 69 nice yes
if I didn't make it 69 it's a great way
exactly yeah make me a con roll I've
been here nope all right
I was exact so so this big old guy with
the centre just hacks right into your
shoulder and you just fall to the ground
and we can't aspire that yeah we can we
could have I mean but you dead set on
the let's inspire control all right we
take each other okay let's try it again
spend all your inspiration yeah yeah
we're gonna eat for the book heist be
careful oh yes all right you might not
like yeah hard all right yeah you
grit your teeth and you ain't you thank
you thank you stay alive yeah they're
plans right Rebecca how send her back
to where she came from
okay well you can make a pal rule for
that I mean my house not bad
there's gonna be a I'm assuming there's
some yelling not telepathic
communication yes yeah I'm screaming use
the symbol on the knife to get rid of
the Emma oh okay I'm which was she like
I know which one now I can see J
Matthews thank you okay okay oh my blood
runs cold oh hey if I ever meet you
life we go we got a word soon alright
alright here's here's what I would like
to do I want to get away from the person
who is hacking at me grab Jones hand are
you gonna get an attack of opportunity
no are you gonna follow the DMD unless
you were to take a flight footstep are
you gonna take the the DND rules are you
gonna do a no but I'll make you make
eight you're gonna need a dex roll to
disengage okay because my idea is get
away from it from from the one who's
attacking me grab you pull you over to
Emma and get your power to power this
and put it between the Emma's oh not
stab the heart my getting it between the
two of you is better than you talking
about yourself sighs Oh Oh people around
there's a difference
all right you know I'm sorry just be the
second five pounds less than you it's
the pants not the martinis at noon we
don't drink in the dream lands and you
should maybe you'd be a lot funner
ladies can I break this up right so
that's when you perform the banishing X
roll to disengage okay oh yeah okay okay
so you disengage from the guy mm-hmm and
you're you you sort of you get her yeah
and you'll be over there yeah and I'm
gonna be like both of your actions turn
yes it's us all right what are we
rolling for I'm assuming we're still
fighting sure
what's the insult roll oh 14 beat that
lady she did not unless you know there's
or a d3 damage do it do it do it do you
psychic damage that really so that is
hang on let's a look at that note that's
a six oh three points of damage
yeah how many hit points do you have I
have 20 Wow nice but the hike on I am
very jealous all right yeah so the fight
is not going well for her but now she's
got two goons who I mean I'm getting
away from the Devas cry oh yeah oh yeah
oh yeah they're gonna ignore you too and
go after you actually one of them is
gonna reach down and try and grab the
girdle so I'll give you vitamins I make
me a luck roll okay [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yes 21 Oh
simple jaidrath use has 500 bits for
Emma I get to choose which one you made
so he's this is gonna be a strength role
you're gonna have a penalty die on this
because you are involved in pistons are
rolling first or do you want me to roll
two at the same time just roll two tens
at once okay so throw another tens die
in there it's the one Matt zero yeah oh
you should roll well here actually it
doesn't matter is 50 it's 68 whose
strength so I don't make it alright so
this guy just Yates the thing away
coldest one cultist two is just gonna
try and stab you okay he's gonna take
the same thing that she has he's not
gonna take the penalty die and if he
misses you he's gonna hit em a prime you
should make a dodge roll alright is that
worth inspired well god what's your
dodge
Dodge's only 20 but I have 20 hit points
okay that was tough
you take six points of damage as a SIM
cards true cuts off a nice chunky or
forearm and that is the in initiative so
we're back to you so the two of us
together are do you know how to banish
this thing we're just gonna oh boy we're
just gonna go for it all right
oh boy this is my show right what do you
want to have happen here squish we were
there yeah what we want to have happen
is am a prime to to go away just sniff
roar all right I'm making you an offer
okay you can have a straight power role
on this but it's gonna cost you some
energy from somebody involved in this
you or tiana or Emma or you can take a
penalty die and use the energy out of
this out of the states I want to use the
energy on this all right so you take a
penalty Diane stroll hey Mike Chilton
get on that for chaos penalty like I
took the penalty diet all right didn't
make it so so can we with a penalty I
mean you're gonna roll all the dice
again yeah we were yeah
what's your pal I mean my pal is 55 so
and the choice is yours I don't get to
that's right okay I mean well she can
ask to inspire and you guys can then say
that's that's what great idea oh I try
it again I think it's a good idea ii did
do it nope that was a 97 No correct
correct
um but still darn it just a nice just in
case you're new to our hijinks amy has a
habit of role using inspiration and then
rolling worse the second time
we actually I keep track I have a
leaderboard here of an Amy is when you
roll and you roll worse and Emma is when
you roll worse than you fumble
the world denied in the world by the
current leaderboard only who has more
than one Emma I think I have an essence
you have one Emma yeah we've got
multiple Emma's next so what happened
what happens with that nothing you you
feel like you know you you you try and
pull some energy out of the staves and
you know you're like hard
you're like a month you looking at a
water wheel you know something's going
on but darned if you know what none of
you have used another sign before have
you hey one one I remember you give me
one way out shots fired taking your soul
first alright okay
I was just our show and now it's so
here's the scene right now
Emma Prime is trying to get away from
you mm-hmm cultist one has the the
girdle cultist two is sort of just
looming there okay so it's you and Emma
what do you want to do and we're also
not farm well yet they are there and
these two are running up with the sword
and like the staves the staves are like
this and the sword is in the middle of
the staves and they're like pointing it
at Emma Prime it's a Care Bear stare
[Laughter]
like it's me and Emma lady's cartoon I
couldn't do it I don't have any Care
Bear material I have a little strawberry
shortcake material right here this whole
weird sword situation down here and
there's cultists or to the left oh so
I'm gonna turn and go after that I'll be
like sweetheart we're dealing with you
later
so you're gonna try and grab all right
that's a strength troll goons I made it
just a normal make it though I'm gonna
Emma Ezra is a hard success
he just looks he goes no and then Emma
Prime takes it ah and then cultist two
cuts off Emma Prime's head I'm so
confused
Oh No so so here's what happening we're
gonna come out of initiatives he cuts
off her head liquid the girdle dissolves
there's now a pool of viscous black goo
it's at this point you realize that the
fire is now starting to leave your hotel
room and it's now that people outside of
the hotel have realized that the hotel
is on fire
and so we're gonna come out of
initiatives I'm gonna go this way
what are you doing there's like I'm
trying to figure out how to get the girl
out of this goo is there any so you're
just diving into the goo kind of I'm
just like how that works them get in
your lungs breathe it in so alright yeah
you will reach down in here and this is
it's like have you ever worked with
ectoplasm before no I haven't it's like
liquid salt water taffy it's it's sticky
but it doesn't stick to you which I
heard but it's like it sticks everything
out yes everything in my life what
happens you'll ever tried to stick
something to something else and it
doesn't stick to the thing but it sticks
to you like your friend oh yeah get it
off to save your life okay yeah I get
that all right what are you so puddle of
goo Emma's now like it's no what oh
where is a hotel on fire you can you
start to hear like shouts outside for
four I'm gonna disengage the sword from
it from these days but yeah when I get
up and come around Emma and stab it
under the
oh hey there are two cultists the two
cultists will run if you have nothing
else right here don't worry I will
happily stab them but I haven't where
there are more important things I omen
when yeah they are happy to live there
like a suit like it's almost like her
dissolving they're kind of surprised hmm
there's an M occult man they're just
running yeah so I'm gonna stab I'm gonna
stab the GU with the sword of Akmala
oh wow okay well I mean unless we think
this is a very bad idea that's what I
was gonna do that's what I was gonna do
so ah okay you're good you want to
happen here you want to destroy the goo
somehow I'd like oh you know why I do
not think that the girdle has ions
Andrea do not think that thing that the
the girdle has turned into do as well I
want to I think that the girdle is
surrounded by the goo and I want to get
rid of the goo and get the girdle back
all right
so most of the goo is currently around
Emma so you're gonna either take a
yeah so Kelly died and I'm gonna call
this actually this year not using it
this is not a sword attack right I'm
gonna call this I'll call it a Dex roll
thank you I'll take that I'll take the
penalty die down okay good old-fashioned
stabbing yeah it's also a good at this a
sentence 9900 I
not only 14 hit points do I destroy the
sort of Akmala Oh after all the blood
you gave it it's too pretty you know it
ready and fly Tito worked oh very well
be actually you guys both worked on it a
hmm all right so you come running up you
come perilously click like you actually
like jump back a little scum and when
you stab down the goo gets sucked up
into the sword used it on Emma oh you
fool oh I can send ship magic Adam that
we have oh that really is the sword of
Emma it's been here yeah yeah yeah ok
yeah so that you stab down and it's
gonna require a strength roll to get the
sword out of the floor it is like Jam
super into the floor and you've only let
me do this nobody laughs Mike you came
out you three have very little time to
get whatever you can enter these rooms
yes yes so that's yeah there's no
there's no package there's no girdle
there there's no spit let's go let's go
I mean are you crying about that stupid
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dress no no literally everything
else at this other thing through seizing
saving risks the receipts any of the
vodka all the weapons all my nose all
the blows savor the job all right and
this is where the crowbar comes in handy
to open up the doors right sure I'm
gonna run back to mine
so first you are going to make I only
care about this order so I can do a
strength Jack okay so you're just gonna
pull this okay so you two then yes
we're gonna make what's called luck
rolls okay see nope oh wow
all right so you can each take one thing
one of the items that is in somebody's
room in somebody's room one item from
one room only one item from one room and
then the fire could the fire brigade
will be up here I'm gonna get my
Donald's rifle okay you get the right
what are you doing I have everything
else that's important to me on main I
was gonna say I don't think there's
anything else in my room I need I've got
these already
I don't have your crowbar but the
notes the notes the notes the notes the
notes the notes the notes the notes on
his name I've got the mark the other all
no he's stealing something he's acting
like he's unusual yeah I probably
actually so it would have brought okay
that's right you know that's I mean but
you don't know that yeah that's true so
you can also don't know that they're
stealing anything which is also a
problem we don't just know as he brings
his notes so I know you're burning the
hotel down this year that's you've got
your fire
there are you happy now it was started
by Emma's yes so you're in his room all
go into his room cuz I there's nothing
else I need I got my I got everything
sit down little everything else about
I'm where I know man yeah I need that
back ah does he not have it on him
no no of course it does you're you're
you're just bringing a rock something
you're doing a much bigger rock yes this
is this kind of rock that rock it's
about that size just a little satchel
but I carry that with me a luck roll all
right cuz reading the Necronomicon carry
an elder son
istil it was calm all their dark zones
that's why you don't have the dice all
in there 89 is a failure on his luck
roll we want to inspire that I don't
think we can't inspire luck it's my luck
no you can't spin not to make luck girls
yeah cuz you're constantly losing yes I
can't do it to the camera oh it's not
that aerodynamic Oh somebody was on his
college ultimate team and how many years
ago with that oh I'm sure they'll find
it in the in the wreckage yeah so I went
to I went into Silvano's room and I
figure he wants the receipts you
probably got a big bag another thing uh
this is paper
yes exactly I know knows exactly exactly
this cuz it gotta make sure they notice
all right now these make me a strength
roll okay if you make the strength for
all the fire brigade won't see the sort
oh boy I missed it by should I spend it
how much how much glue push it push it
nothing can go wrong or you can three
look how much luck come on it's not like
we are so we're dependent upon luck
rolls not sure if you know that that
likes to do luck roll things to us oh
but if I push it and things go wrong
things stronger yes yes think we're
playing call of cthulhu would inspire it
no pushing no spending
yeah let's spend a token as long as we
have this as long as we have at least
please be worse and it's better it's
1414 all right so yeah you managed to
pull it out and somehow secrete a
massive scimitar upon your person you
may return the sort of off mallet to its
rightful owner thank you
is it talking to her now maybe
now it's not yeah it's going no I'm not
wait a minute I'm not hacking it's a
Highlander reference there can only be
one nice and I think on that note we're
actually gonna get ready for break so
hashtag chaos at the break to win that
call of cthulhu starter kit must be in
the continental US and unless I really
like you
and in Canada not Quebec sorry Quebec
that was so disingenuous and I loved it
and yeah hashtag cast we will be back
just as soon as six people can all wash
you
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
welcome back
congratulations Damon kitty on winning
the Call of Cthulhu starter set well
done I gotta say I had not seen I've
not seen how the sausage was made and I
think we give away so much stuff that
Thomas has to go way down the list to
find somebody that hasn't won something
in the past two months or whatever or
everyone's point bought so you get to
win once a month yeah so it was it was
really interesting to see how far down
the list he has to go to like get to
that it's a so you're welcome we give
away a bunch of stuff that's that's the
takeaway here yeah so Thomas will
whisper you and send your information
back in that whisper on Twitch and we
can ship that whenever somebody gets
around to it when did you become mrs.
Roper like you don't know what the
rumors are remember I remember mr.
Hurley or mr. Roper mr. Roper was like
he was a perv wasn't he yeah he was as
creepy as Furley yes but like sadder
okay yeah like Furley was like oh that's
Don Knotts he's kind of funny mr. Roper
was just like yeah why useless 80s
television talk for Three's Company
yeah yeah just wait until we get to our
Charlie's Angels bid it's John Forsythe
all over the place that goes back to
dynasty yeah it all ties together so
break we had just set a hotel on fire
finally chat got its fire it's it's it's
the MS did they ever started the
footwell I cannot be outta mud and you
are not out Emma do you start you did
indeed start the fire
it's an my stuff and you have you three
stagger out of the floor let down the
stairs from the now like covered in
smoke top of
Hotel as the fire brigade is running up
the three stories yes and we cut to a
lovely cafe you know I should like the
chocolate biscuits the best are just on
principle but the cinnamon with the tea
oh they're very good mix especially with
the way that this tight C is especially
spicy and aromatic here hmm I'm fond of
it should do this more often
absolutely somehow things just seem just
so much more peaceful here we still get
used to being back here it was quite
traumatic at first but I'm starting feel
more at home here the sights the sounds
the smells of the tea
oh it's a shame we have to don't let
me forget we have to set up travel
arrangements to a wast should we do
it this afternoon after after tea I
think you know we shouldn't we shouldn't
rush things take it easy we got all day
we you know I wanna be honest yesterday
was kind of rough on me I don't think I
could take another day like that well I
spent most of yesterday in hospital but
then there was a wonderful dream of
being a man I wasn't a dream it wasn't
so you tell me hmm
I don't remember drinking any space made
uh I helped you with that is that right
I I knew I knew it's what you wanted no
I appreciate why weren't you in the
dream with me I was you weren't yeah we
saw you you no I spoke with these
perfect that you came out of it you were
in your own you were known that was day
37 when you go out and remember some
other people showing up it was it was a
yeah wonderful time yeah you were the
you were the first in just the books the
book so you had you had more time than
the rest of us oh we should go back oh
it was so relaxing it was amazing oh no
oh my these biscuits though they had
biscuits like this in the dream world I
just remember that hair tea that was
really weird
I think it was I think it was Emma's
hair
I'm gonna go back to drinking this is
much better team though aromatic yeah so
yeah after after a biscuit Sinskey I was
I was figured I figure we do that for
mmm about three hours or so total right
I mean we know it's but three hours
sounds much better yeah yeah yeah then
travel plans booked tickets tell so L
lost it you'll go on a small riverboat
mm-hmm down the Nile is there an insect
look I give you a figure you guys are
big Maps not underneath it somehow no
where did that go
I may or may not have met our area map
and I'm gonna set that up for as early
tomorrow as we can on your break
Macallan der you know we can we can pack
like a picnic on it oh we should for two
three days you never and we've got a
we've got to go pretty fast I think I
think we have to find that headstone
then as soon as we can have one get to
the Red Pyramid last time well okay so
so after we after we set up the travel
arrangements we'll we'll pick up extra
provisions this time good and we'll pace
ourselves
I like that no rush
Alistair is gonna be is there smoke in
the distances not yet you can both make
a spot hidden role no there's plenty of
chimneys and and things happening around
town whoa
I'll check that just somewhere downtown
there looks like something on fire
sure it's nothing
[Laughter]
that's no no no no odds be they're just
resting in their rooms hmm
no no what would they what would they do
what why they wouldn't she wouldn't
light her own room on fire and about
sure get the book what we have to we
have
to make the traveler we have to make the
travel we're gonna worry about the
travel arrangements we'll get supplies
and then we'll go get the book sounds
good okay yeah no problem you booked
passage for five - l wasta you'll be on
a small River vote mm-hmm
and you get some supplies and we can we
go early and leave some of the supplies
at the boat and trust that the can we
order them to be delivered are you
leaving today no we're leaving tomorrow
okay sure you make a credit rating rule
you can assist if you make both we make
a credit rating role I just eat one
success not know 71 is a failure then
all right so 59 is I'm gonna need a
point of credit rating from each of you
and then the boat will hold your stuff
for as long as you want or we just not
have the stuff done or tomorrow yeah
we'll just bring with us tomorrow okay
okay yeah that's too expensive yeah that
was quite expensive trying to take us
for a ride so we did around here yeah
yeah you have learned that he is not a
great negotiate the fact that he speaks
Arabic yeah I'm not terribly I tell them
no and they don't believe him I think
I've told this story before but my I
have a friend who I will not name who is
the worst travel could like we went to
Honduras and in Honduras you haggle with
the cab drivers and his first move was
to hand the cab driver his bag which
drastically reduces her bargaining
capability
I think I have told my men reruns all
right so yeah you think that all handled
yeah I'm sitting here it had been a
hundred episodes yet so I and you head
to the museum okay okay doctor for is
there and doctor before oh you already
brought the stuff back right yes yes you
know that was that was yesterday so did
you did did you go oh yes you see you
mean the dream Lance yeah oh wait he
when I was asleep he slipped some of
that space meat into my mouth and it was
uh
the most amazing time most amazing
experience I was in this massive did you
go to the library yes yes the book the
book the reading conditions the lighting
was perfect the chair is so comfortable
we had to slide off your face if you
wouldn't have been there you wouldn't
have had to do that I was just I was
buying I was reading I didn't need
anyone to interrupt me or grab the book
it was the book was fine exactly
the book was fine I was fine and they
come to the stuff they stopped with the
reading I've only read it about maybe
six or seven times at that point I only
sort of the dream lens alone do you have
anyone that space mate huh I mean I may
need someone future we may need we'll
come back if you if we need anymore and
we'll ask then for now would not not
what what if we are in I patients you
how to make it oh please do we like
for help out how long would it take
hours that's I have hours give any blood
I can get blood does that's a reminder
or an animal unclear I have blood oh I
mean I'll take my notes out too but
grudgingly that's possible he will so
look at the doors okay but we're not
here we're not here for that we're gonna
this to you we're gonna review all you
wish to see the book yes yes we have so
many things I have to read I see I have
questions but I guess we have time to oh
well it's it's quite a involved ritual
that I would need to demonstrate to you
so maybe you come back with the blood
well we're gonna be out of home
tomorrow
well the day after is fine well we don't
know when we'll be back but but when it
right back you can you can let me know
of course okay oh that's okay excellent
so sure shall we proceed with the book
I'm gonna need some sort of deception
role from you because Yusef is not that
cool a customer to be like he's so
excited so so it there's like good so
I'm getting coaching he's so excited
do this I will accept any social skill
you want to give me on them can I try to
assist skinny as fast-talking 30 as to
belie so I as long as you don't fumble
you've convinced dr. Kapoor
I did not bundle but I did not assist
all right I'll try the fest as long if
you don't fumble 17 all right yeah yeah
you like dr. Furr is like oh we Lawrence
Jane about the Panther and this is
noticing the questions and there's a
page I'm marked in my notes you try and
buddy in a couple times he's like the
doctors are talking it's page 473 busy
city for yes it's I just there's a
translator lifts a graph there all right
there's a corner of both shows you
exactly where a liver would be in a dark
young of shub-niggurath it that's I
didn't know well the third liver they
have 3 yes oh you write that yeah of
course of course come with me I'm going
so sorry so he will take you to the
reading room and once again he'll you
know lock you in and you know just it's
getting rather late I need to go home
just tell em on when you are ready he
will bring you dinner and dinner at this
point with your role you're not even
gonna be watched
they're like Aman is like sub nipper off
doing other things are you actually
writing hey that's the whole reason I'm
here is to take these notes yeah so
they're you're not even watched Aman is
the guy who is down here is sitting in
his office doing some other work close
enough that if you like there's a bell
on your table and so the procedure we do
there's many times before is he takes
the book out of a box and leaves it on
the table and then he takes the box with
him for a box there he takes the bucks
Wade okay then he returns he puts the
Box down puts the book in the Box closes
the lid that's right okay all right so
once we're alone okay let's take our
decoy book compare it to the other book
it
looks great alright so nice and white
sometimes what yous like is that this
book is burnt like when you close your
eyes you see the book and so you have
been able to make a very good effect
since I'm Chester Keith all the same
look at this look at this spot on it's a
shame to lose it but this is our decoy
book it stays here mm-hmm
inside the museum so we should get some
work done while we're here of course so
we take out all the notice and everybody
out
yeah because there's so much that I
missed between where I was taking notes
and then just it's and then two other
reads of the book yeah it's a huge gray
area I have some of the final ramblings
and then try it make a I'm gonna call it
an intelligence roll okay thank you
intelligence roll 38 is a regular six
all right so yeah you you managed to
avoid blacks I'm gonna let you decide
but you have control over whether or not
you sort of mentioned any of the rituals
that you might have learned from what
you were doing around I think he won't
mention them because he's just that kind
of guy I'm gonna talk about things he's
been doing and understanding amongst all
the things he's been learning to go
ahead also give give the the the viewers
a sort of an idea some cool things you
can do so you do have to understand
these different pillars here the
chapters we talked about the pillars mhm
when I first read it I thought I was
looking at history and different moments
and different like civilizations rising
and falling but it's all the same
civilization that's the same pillar
because at the time time is not it's not
it doesn't move at a constant rate it
changes it slows it overlaps it's
overlapping that thinks repeats
Folds is repeating some like this this
thing I will not mention its name it has
been beating many times in the past but
other constants just just like Emma and
and the dagger lady they have in the
past and there now it would be we will
defeat it again
but someone else in the future maybe
even then will have to defeat it it's
it's a repeating pattern they it happens
every time it's looking but the killer's
back to the pillars oh the pillar the
pillars discuss how to slow things down
it can be slow almost not stopped but
slowed almost imperceptibly like when we
were in the dream world mm-hmm and how
it appeared that someone was not moving
but in fact they were just moving very
very slowly through time the pillars
discussed the pillars are one
civilization or they're also in suppose
there's all one civilization they're
just a different moments in time he is
okay at this point you're worried about
his sanity heads up I'm actually I'm
actually moving past that I I'm coming
to term
that's no no that's the stuff that he
said after coming out of the dream
mm-hmm was actually just like always
gone now the full translation this is
this is actually making more sense this
is the one okay full comprehension of
that pillar we can slow time slow it to
to almost stopping in perceptively hmm
okay I've never I haven't tried to get
but we can do it okay this evening why
when the attendant comes why he won't
even notice the switch will slow time
will switch the books while time is
Louie we yes but what you get for me oh
you'll help okay okay's we'll start I
guess let's start walking me through
what I need to well first you have this
I can't teach you the language you have
to read the book you should have read
the book of the dream look just like me
you should have read the book well you
wouldn't take your hands off of it we
had to pry it off you literally there's
other copies well we don't have what
there's this here now can I read just a
part of it and be okay I think we have
it's gonna take a long time to teach him
I could slow time to allow you to read
but then I may be too tired no no I came
all the chorus though later wait when
we're on the boat so you don't you don't
need my help you'll be able to do it or
when you need anything just speak to the
attendant when he so wait when he's not
looking
and I'll do it that when he okay so I
guess they're just for a moment that's a
good question
okay that should be enough I know it
will work I haven't done this before but
I know this'll work it's something about
that chair doing the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like
sacrifice and we were almost whisky
boarding someone so so you're gonna Zac
try and zap this what an awesome time
for the make the first time you try this
right alright so you have just you know
you have given this its properties and
it appears that this is not a ritual
this is not like a you know you're just
gonna say some words and it'll happen
but it's relatively short which so you
know mad magic is it given a take so the
longer you do it the less energy it
takes from you that he's open for a
short effect yeah okay yeah okay so how
are you gonna distract Aman when he
comes in I'm gonna ask him about what
how many people typically look at this
book going off of my friend it it
seems to have not noticed that there are
two books on the table he's like he's on
autopilot mm-hmm so you distract him no
problem and then make me a power role
more importantly what did he tell me 43
is to success a regular success regular
success alright
got it so magic points will renew over
sleep pal does not so when you suck
power out of things it does not come
back but magic points do I need to
have a discussion with the headdress
about that I do know one other ritual
yes yeah he says some strange words and
language of nannar shows you don't know
how to stop how to you can only you are
aware of time nobody else is there all
moving at the same pace so now you can
do a bunch of stuff and they won't think
you know they won't think a second has
passed yeah so he's basically just
switches the books and then the real
book gets obscured sure and then he
backs away and let's start and go back
okay and yeah come on we'll put the book
in and actually he'll say dr. Cofer does
not allow almost anyone access to this
book really uh-huh
yes that might be wise
I believe sir abrete pen you was the
last person who was given access I
actually should I met him and he was not
a never mind dr. Clive requested access
and dr. Cofer would not allow him no
he's a bad man yes yes yes well will you
be coming back we have a little trip for
going on but when we finish our trip
we'll get we we definitely plan to
return yes well a cruise down the Nile
sounds like a lovely all the fooling I'm
hopefully all right he'll take the book
and you now have a copy of Alice Eve did
you see that did you see that I'm
pulling him we're not make me a Sandra
you're so happy I'm gonna give you a
bonus die on this role but a 79 is
perfect those buses you get a boat of
like seventeen eight either way so you
know what roll dice and Jen's to ten
what did you roll in eight or seven
they're both Japanese no no no no but
you didn't me 170 n the other was an 88
no no no he didn't know you did he
so you're thrilled that this worked
but there's a part of you that is aware
of the cost of this and like the awful
thing that you've done and that part
makes you lose for sanity have a nice
boat ride tomorrow we need a vacation
yeah desperately months skipping III
heard many people say just don't go to
Africa so now people you three yes going
to the backup hotel yeah which is what
the Metropolitan or no the Metropolitan
is on fire no you yo no the the guy you
tackled that you could you're not
welcome with that yeah
your backup hotel was CT ur than that it
was kind of a not terrible but not great
right
it was the Imperial Hotel Imperial
Imperial okay and so you are at the
Imperial and they're rather surprised to
see you oh no you haven't been here in a
while
no we've kept your rooms up fantastic do
you have any luggage that needs to go up
to the room unfortunately not could you
send over some dress makers could you
send over a tailor could you send over a
suit maker and could you send over lunch
cuz I am famished
of course madam of course fantastic so
yeah he'll he'll have that all set up so
you guys thank you you guys go to your
to your suite and they will start to
throw out the afternoon they'll come up
they have not shown by it's dinnertime
and they have not shown up we're gonna
be showing up to the yeah you're gonna
have a matter
I'll figure it out do you want me to go
to the Metropolitan and wait for them or
but is it like you to go to the crime
scene baby and we could send it we could
send somebody over there like send a
messenger oh where is the sword with me
okay in your eyes enjoy okay well
actually no with me I'm not
oh right eating it yeah okay oh you're
caring should send a messenger over to
tell them why what don't they know this
is gone I mean it's pretty much silvano
knows go to the backup hotel okay Emma's
yeah okay good anyway we've had people
come in and like get measurements and
you have to get close because the ladies
will have closed when the guys come back
we'll have them have their suit makers
and stuff too so yeah you about you guys
leave the museum about 10 o'clock at
night and actually am on like walks you
out and he like locks the door to their
department after you and he's heading
out with you and well good night good
night and you head to the Metropolitan
yeah what do we see well about 10
o'clock at night things have sort of
calmed down there are you see a number
of policemen like at the hotel and it
seems like the lobby is empty okay well
we'll head up no good so please let's
talk to you I'm sorry you cannot go in
this hotel there was a fire oh the was
it the whole hotel it looks no the
fourth floor the top floor what oh he's
12 through 16 oh it's always in 12 yeah
I think we our friends are at a
different hotel what just
how-how-how I'm sorry I what happened
there was a fire
spontaneous fire that it appears that
some alcohol well thank you thank you so
much okay I was sooo is she I actually
don't think I want to hear the rest of
this story story to start with alcohol
mmm yes it has a sad end huh although
apparently no no one is dead
oh good huh oh good okay oh thank you so
much do you know someone that was up
there I thought that goes this I think
this is the wrong hotel mmm-hmm
well everything seems in order here is
backing away I was just like backing
away slowly the whole time let's get it
it's it's late it's getting late peace
be legen his the the policeman is
uninterested in following up any leads
there man
so this is why you do Becca puto so I
always thought that was very wasteful
but I see there's a practical problem I
want to go to the back up hood we have
to go to the back of hotel well then
that's where my stuff would be they
would have obviously taken all of our
stuff out of our rooms before the fun
the alcohol was burnt that's the first
thing they would have saved if they
could you know your things this is
concerning yeah
and if we sleep at the back of hotel
Joan is gonna be stealing our soul we
need to get our things
you know both are gone the mid they
maybe save some things I mean we've got
the supplies for the trail you know we
have things on my notice the other side
yeah that's probably gone no they would
have saved it oh oh sweet summer child
keep that book on you at all times
you should take the book no this is
never leaving my side ever he'll die
soon
hmm when he's dead you take the book no
you have to kill him fame young a third
ah my head hurts I'm very tired is what
is happening do we need another dinner
how about coffee he said let's just go
up let's go let's go to the backup hotel
we should hmm and we don't touch the
sword hmm don't touch the sword
what's what sword why not just don't
touch the sword okay but why not I can
see the future okay would you like to
share don't touch the sword you're not
sharing just because I can see the
future doesn't mean I tell you what the
future is
can you tell me what would happen if I
touch this one you should not touch the
sword uh-huh this is not a like
tee-hee-hee I'm gonna make you touch the
sword by saying don't touch the sword
that stuff that kind of thing works on
Emma
yeah but let's be honest i won't i won't
touch the sword don't touch this i won't
touch the sword look don't touch the
sword my best in it's my best interest
to remain alive hmm everything she ate
that everything I do is to keep you
alive I don't quite believe it but I
prefer I tell you to run so much no you
you tell me to get blood and to steal
the neck or not your blood that's what
you stay alive are you talking to to
yourself no to the headdress are you
communing with
ah I like this kid that's that's a way
you could put it
the priestess was doing the same thing
and now hmm you shouldn't refer to it as
the divine when do I learn to commune
with the wait wouldn't quite just just
divine has see the future certainly so
I'm very tired I'm so tired it's okay
it's okay I understand but he doesn't
understand so how I don't know why don't
you just help me steal the book right
yes that's why you did it well it's his
prophecy it wanted me to use you as a
fall guy
to steal the book wait so so be careful
about should you ever commune with the
divine use your best discretion they
have agendas it's not always benevolent
hmm no it's actually rarely we are
merely pawns in a greater game mm-hmm no
no you're getting it yeah some things I
could I could show you
Oh tomorrow or the day after postponed
hold on to that book oh of course of
course
you walk up to the Imperial and there
are two rooms with your oh of course
gentlemen ah
which room is Professor Lam staying in
we've been away somewhere else looking
at things like vacations and of course
sir he's tired of course we're all yeah
I should tell you that the imperial
prides itself on our discretion for our
guests professor Lam stays here quite
often I'd like a room very far from hers
is there any way to move my room his
room is well well another floor
to floor okay okay professor lamb has
our nicest suite okay good for her
doesn't seem right
well if she is named she stays here
quite often no we also have stored some
things for her hotel okay
discretion okay discretion is good but I
can put you two floors down well that
would be okay so you you two will be on
the ground floor then okay easy for
people to get into her room well she's I
pull away she's using the stairs to
Train energy from around her that's us
also our souls are being siphoned away
oh I need a view what if she was
siphoning biscuits and tea from you
would you take that seriously I can buy
more biscuits until you can't buy more
soul wait it seems like wait no we have
all that rich never mind it's late it's
so late oh I mean technically if she's
doing it right is she doing it right no
but if she were doing it right it would
you know you're the energy that she
takes would replenish overtime this ship
he'd be doing it right is she yes if she
was doing it right and is she giving the
time did you try to do it right well for
now ground floor ground floor all right
you're the one that doesn't the many
things so you you three go to bed and
they're not here yeah yeah it's a great
day whatever nothing's on fire but I
yeah we'd be worried about them I'm
worried about them okay fine I'm more
worried about where physically is the
girdle like did the girdle go into a
hole is it in the Dreamlands isn't the
Nile yeah is
I have a really bad feeling sort of
girls how do I get more proficient with
the sword what do I do this cuz I need
to stab some bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with this
sword soon ya know I'm really hoping
back with some of those studying they've
been doing I need to be sure how to use
another sign yeah yes yeah we need we
need that that's more that simple
doesn't do any good for us if we don't
know how to dowse oh yeah well I mean it
does give us some protection basically
but it doesn't do anything
uh-huh so how do you wait breakfast yet
nope so by myself in the room oh I'm
really hoping that once they study the
book a little bit more maybe 11 more
Silvano oh well let me know how that how
to do more than just make it simple and
power it so should we leave no dusters
to have them come upstairs or I think so
yes yes come knock what everyday show up
yep all right unfortunately this is not
a call down to the front desk code you
gotta walk down no I'll walk down and by
can I help you madam yes I have a couple
of friends who are also staying here
there they are doing some sightseeing
just want to leave a note for them down
here too yes I checked in Oh excellent
what rooms are they in they asked to
change rooms they're now downstairs in
rooms 2 &amp; 3 interesting thank you so
much I'm gonna go and consider for a
second and then go and then just tap on
one of the tulips alright both you make
me look rolls ah
dodged why do we both hear it you she
not sent his door and you clearly hear
the conversation the ground floor are
paper-thin ah you know what it's worth
the it's worth it worth it I put my head
up right oh there you are oh you didn't
all day over the most amazing time we
had ah we collected so we are gonna be
leaving early tomorrow to losta we got
supplies you apparently burnt down our
hotel
so where's always like more things do it
with anything isn't up in Joe's room
it's always enjoyed you know what do
everything you want to get a room as far
from her as possible by the way the
ritual that she's using to power her
staves she's not doing it right and is
siphoning away our souls just heads up I
feel fine
okay there's a lot to unpack in
everything that you just said it's not a
lot done I was I felt very direct
I will where's our stuff let's start
with that how gone is our stuff very
very 1999 95 95 okay that's most right
most of our stuff yes that's most of our
stuff as good is here mmm other way
around
no gone gone I'm a prime showed up why
and how how I don't know what did I
get drunk witness Emma not wait with her
prime know I'm a prime from the dream
lands I'm a prime but she was there guys
that was drunk too that's not real it
was real enough for her to show up and
pour alcohol on the floor and set the
bloody floor on fire and then steal the
girdle and disappear into a pile of goo
notice the professional here pinning the
fire on him a prize I wasn't there for
it this is what I was told
[Laughter]
what about me there's no I guess you've
got me cleaned up I mean I mean the but
I'm still like holding my arm funny oh
yeah she had a couple of people and
black rugs with her because when are
they're not people in black robes trying
to cut us in half with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scimitars
so you're saying there's an M of Prime
cult yes well that's not good no why are
there so many cults I don't know they
just pop up day after day so the girdle
and Emma Prime
what happened she was holding the girdle
and one of them one of the and one of
the one of the cult people cut her head
off she dissolved into a puddle of goo
on the floor with the girdle I stabbed
the puddle of goo and then the puddle of
goo went into the sword oh yeah don't
touch the sword you know I you know that
might be why not touch the sword
there's an Emma Prime in there yeah yeah
we're gonna have to do something about
that sword how could we do that we
he knows exorcisms don't work right but
the elder son can can banish
otherworldly things or repel them
there's an elder sign on the soil yeah
but has anyone powered it yeah at the
time at a necessary times or you were
you did you were in that pyramid so Emma
Prime is not otherworldly we should try
anyways okay let's go upstairs we were
able to save a couple of things
Donald's Donald's gone and your papers
he's not even here Oh thought I had so
much paperwork did you say receipts yes
you say receipt because you know what
that gun saved our lives a minimum of
five times let me to treat my notes and
receipts you think through this yes I
didn't I didn't go in I've got copies of
most of your notes I've been very
diligent I actually have copies of most
of my house too and also you have to
keep the mind I know Donald Donna would
find me and kill me in horrible painful
ways and I'm the one saying this well
you only let his gun go it got one of
his there the rest of his guns were
gloves
that's replaceable do you know how easy
cricket bats are to find
well not here from Oxford I was on the
team are we going upstairs now we're
going upstairs
managing the team I got a trophy too you
have to understand when you have seconds
to grab things you grab them you grab
the essentials and that gun that has
saved our lives
five or six times was more important
than and the reason much everything on
the receipts
those are blameless in that one all
right yeah you guys are all heading to
Emma's room yeah yelling I'm gonna tap
on Jones door as we pass it and meeting
in Emma's room all right
she puts down I'm doing that wrong just
hold off hold off for using those but
you're bad at it you're bad oh I'm sorry
but we'll have to we'll have to go over
that meeting meeting at Emma's right now
is go so Imperial the rooms are not
other than Jones room the rooms are not
quite as nice then we should me then
Jones yeah we should go to Rojo's room
so everyone isn't here's a yellow as
usual hmm or doing the only people on
this floor right now all right the
hallways room why the nicest room
because something horrible happened to
it well I can't give it up because first
of all no I'm a prime is trapped here
and there can only be one person that's
invisible she's holding it she's
touching it so that is very dangerous
right now look out it's so your hands up
and I swear the good decks roll okay I'm
keeping my distance say can I can I can
I bonus it because I've also been
drinking actually doesn't matter to one
nice balancing Wow [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid
she's like juggling you should get a
point in sword fighting awesome yes
drinking now when she just wakes alright
if she wakes up in the morning hockey
fights children after a fight a stir bar
you either know one so you have a 30 in
drives alright alright so did you guys
want to come to my I'm waiting for the
play you have the fanciest room yeah it
doesn't matter
H wow somebody is testy we got your
receipts what do we get thank you no I
did say that guy mercy you're just
weren't there for it no I went and got
all I had seconds to run in and I
realized notes everything grab that big
old bagging thank you we're gonna have
to go over how to use those correctly
soon what do you mean used correctly
yeah oh she's psyching we're souls I
have on good authority souls the best of
all ready yeah so first off what my soul
is fine that's not real see see I'm
going to evidence it's just layers to
that onion but I'm not gonna get into
look let's let's focus on one
catastrophe at a time [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my sleeves
are perfect the sword fine they're fine
I can do anything magical energy
outstanding we used for the ritual to
put that mark on that sword but the
ritual is the only thing you use those
for not Cassie magical spells oh she can
do other anyhow hang on so let's so then
how do I use the sword with the symbol
to fight evil things
well well we'll get to that first is
there can I eat soon I do not understand
stabbing no she understands the cutting
part of it it's the symbol that she
doesn't but first we can converse to
have something with the symbols let's
stab something with the symbol
that's obvious that's okay here's the
activation of the symbol by channeling
blood of whatever you stab activates the
symbol we already did that we put that's
why it's Columbia the symbol is fine
it's just when you stab something with
that sword
I have an idea that I'm not going to act
out I'm going to require much more from
that yeah and what is happening so but
given that I made this do I have any and
that I'm familiar with other signs can i
assess this energy off of this sword at
all to try and get a feel gonna watch
the sword that I'm going to come close
to touching this sword but not touching
this sword because I wasn't hold the by
how I and I don't leave it or not want
to die I'm right there with you buddy
okay good 475 I have not done the hard
or critical or hard
that's a hard that's 34 out of 70 yes
yes yes yes all right yeah there is that
does that's bad there is just bad oh
it's all bad like you know there's
almost like negative magnet like your
hand like won't like you can't touch
that Wow even even virgins milk won't
help with this you have virgins milks I
know it keeps talking to you tell that
doesn't work you know better I know it
taught just telling so this is all kinds
of bad you're gonna put it back on my
head if it doesn't shut the hell up for
five seconds you said a threat or a
promise both no I'll take it first
before I let that happen
no no no it'll go ahead or the staves
this train up ah
okay so so Steve's actually want to keep
talking to the headdress how what what
can we do about this can we just shove
them in the closet no no no no okay wait
wait wait
does the headdress understand about what
happened to the sword is that what's
making it bad cuz we didn't make it bad
oh no I I this is me this is me feeling
this to see all kinds of wrong you're
evil do not touch that so I didn't touch
the sword Knight of Chris is in there
how did I do Chris getting your sword
that's what she stabbed knighted Chris
with this
now mana cruises in the sword so we have
to now now it's a sort of NIDA Chris no
that's not what I meant
it's like Highlander there what
everything I don't want to do for you
we need employment what we need to do we
need to capstone this a lot nope never
mind that was the idea the whole point
of the sword this is the reuniting
nighta Chris look at the battered arrow
but but the whole thing was to keep the
girdle safe they would say it's been
inside the sword if it's in the sword
it's sick can we agree that that's not
safe yes okay wait unanimous Chris was
trapped in the sword yeah
nothing's trapped anywhere neither Chris
is in the sword what makes you think
it's tribes because of the symbol how
long has she been in there why would
that truck that how long has she been in
there no since breakfast a few hours the
other-worldly actually was this is on
the fly math there's some two days two
days coming out two days from now or two
days from when she was trapped in the
sword I mean probably two days for when
she was trapped in the suit days from
just extracting the sword is what will
get out what and then what I've got a
stabber with the sword again God wait
here's the deal
hmm somebody wasn't there I don't know
mmm-hmm somebody killed the black
Pharaoh in the dream lands somebody
killed the buck for on the Dream Land
yeah I know I thought I was doing a good
job I killed the black bear on the dream
life that's the job yep pissed him off
okay in here that's also my job he
pulled you didn't hear that
he told Emma prime out of the dream
Lance because a constant has to die with
the girdle with the girdle it doesn't
have to be on who wears girdles bottle
wearers what wait wait what okay
so mo Chi was a constant died with the
girdle is now night at Chris okay [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
and the kid is wrong Nike Chris is not
immortal
oh she's still immortal I know Chris is
the consort of niala though tap don't
say that name out loud okay consort of
so that but that's all the aspects
she's a consort of all the aspects that
gets weird but you know kind of she's a
human consort isn't she no she's not
human she's not shouldn't we should not
think of her as being human I thought
once you put the girdle on you become
night of Chris which is now human ish no
you have to be sacrificed with it no you
don't become killable why why are you
assuming this know things are horrible
now horrible now one two three this way
back to the beginning so lady Cruces you
said is coming out in two days
yes okay what else did you say what that
we shouldn't assume that she's mortal
that she's the consort of the of all the
aspects that we are facing like a meter
who life I knew it when I was calling
her the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I know you do realize that
either you are I could have been that
right because yeah I know understood but
you know who's not the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this - yeah
who's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that lady
it's good to see you're taking the
scissors in her head anymore you don't
know what it's like in there oh it's not
good so I just wanted for the record I
was she changed for the better get ready
Ron know you have very grounded ideas on
how to deal with situations
you weren't setting things on fire well
okay in fairness I told her to start the
fire oh I'm gonna own that actually you
get a pass on the fire thank you
you know who taught me fire that one not
you not not nice lady calm down calm
down so in two days ninety Kris is
becoming real the hooker of the black
bear
upset at me for trying to power the
staves Oh by draining our soul which is
completely imaginary let me do that
though I'll do it you've just been wrong
you've just been academically scoffed at
oh you have some interesting ideas
what is that I'm going to go over very
quickly okay so how did kill night a
Chris one is if you're directing that
towards that that might actually be
useful and also we did those are just
magical batteries they have no
individual power of any sort and so when
you say to rain if she can use them to
drain a soul then they would go into
those waves okay really want neither
Chris in those staves oh they're just
batteries their batteries so we don't
need all of her in there but we could
get could we weaken her with them oh we
tried to use the sword with the staves
before she was in it remember we tried
to use it as a as a as a wizard
repellent no never what you tried to use
a repellent she was shielding it you
don't this I one of my bad ideas that I
was going to announce I'm not going to
announce it anymore just announce um
it's just letting them know if neither
Chris would end up in those staves and
potentially become even more dangerous
than me consuming the magic in the
Scimitar using the ritual I know is an
awful idea because that would put nada
Chris and me yeah that's terrible yeah
the bride of the black Pharaoh I'm not
interested in that
but if I could not cut on these we can
use a lot of power to make other other
hold on she would take control of those
and use them against you know there's
art really sentient they're just
batteries yes they're batteries how do I
kill NIDA Chris hmm is there way to kill
NIDA Chris get out all the power I mean
it they they dropped a pyramid on her in
the 6th century hmm
that what sounds like sounds like my
mother
what that's a girl are we able to drop a
pyramid upon someone I can't I collapse
perhaps we don't have an explosives
doing we could get something we can get
Miko's did it work that's the real
question yeah dropping the pyramid on on
her did it work Nix just keeping his
mouth shut about school she'll come out
of this sword right and we shall be
terrorized at once I'm not going to
assume anything this which I don't know
how she is gonna come out but I wouldn't
come out she will like what I don't know
how she wanted to come out way out first
she might just end up in those we
couldn't hoon the sword we could use her
energy we could in tune the sword we're
but if she comes out she'll come out
regardless and let oh and listen is
there a way to entomb her to trap the
sword and her together put a pyramid on
it we had a whole pyramid that is
designed to trap someone see him that's
where I come back to nuts to the
ferryman with hot stones but also worth
during trapping her with her with her
we're not gonna put her in the red
pyramid that'll put her with the black
oh yeah yeah if Siri knows anything
about losing the capstone to and to
things maybe now and to parents
I can't I can't I can't put them
together then they'll just stay together
forever and they won't bug us anymore
it's like a honeymoon for evil people I
third lock Camaro is intensely scary you
know he's terrifying power mm-hmm and
that's what else who is also incredibly
powerful and effectively immortal
together whoo but they're trapped
together also not necessarily they put
this in a sarcophagus seal sarcophagus
drop it in the bottom of the ocean how
long do you think that will last
nothing says automobile more than a year
we're fun dark Pharaoh asked me to put
the girdle in the Nile how was the ocean
any different oh then he's got to like
travel and I don't know ocean is much
much everything I know okay
freshwater as opposed to saltwater I
mean I like the idea volcano volcano is
very bitter mm-hmm well the worst part
is there's no nearby volcano we we have
two days yes but we have also brought
night across back let's just face that
right now we did this whoa y'all are
part of the collateral damage so we were
at the library
doing what besides obtaining a very
valuable so does bode he'll bite cuz if
not the book is over I'm done with the
book stop fooling with the book unless
the book can help us I mean you know you
obtained the book you didn't write just
right hand we use the bar the book
you stole holy SH I have a book you
stole so we need the book
book every question that we have every
mystery of every question yes solve this
problem with the book the book is a
waste of my time the sword so when she
returns she's still entombed the
Egyptians were entombing the dark
Pharaohs does view zero building it
works here mids for a time but again to
pyramid an entire pyramid to capstone
there are other parents we and we can
obtain explosives
oh my god that's why he'll take destroy
everything that we're using when
everything into blue the Pharaohs they
did they put the tomb deep in the
bedrock
the pyramid where it couldn't or don't
to get to it and then they dropped it
very large it took their the tunnel but
down there to get to the treasure as you
would know but an age of people going
into those pyramids and stirring up and
unleashing the the things ten months is
all we need that might not be long
enough oh that's the best-case scenario
night Oh Chris doesn't care about you
yeah and the worst-case scenario she
remembers the whole Emma business and
how many times she's just been called a
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I mean on a relative scale that
doesn't seem too bad for me oh wait wait
are you making deals with the headdress
now no no just observing it's it it's
not benevolent forced the headdress it's
a as a being it has it's very
self-interested oh it's not agenda we
don't have any more symbols except this
one right right okay change a tune I had
to get the sword out cuz I don't know
what would happen if we didn't get the
sword out then it would be somebody
else's
oh that's very this sword we can't lose
we can make more so we that's a very
expendable sword we can make another we
became more symbols we could make more
symbols and we can put them around us so
things can't get into us that's why well
apparently knighted Chris doesn't have a
problem with that symbol otherworldly
beings well I don't know she was she was
she was fidgeting and blinking and stuff
while she was fighting with you yeah but
that was because of what you were doing
not because of the symbol yeah I just
scratch her in the face
that was it hi - Chris no it was Emma
that's right that was Emma right yeah
this is a whole different animal right
here
Emma Chris Emma Chris boy the ship from
hell
tonight at Emma pyramid two pyramids to
Capstone's I meant for now I mean we can
just you can just dig into the funds and
look into constructing something in two
days
custom no she doesn't need a custom
headstone she's not that cool capstone
capstone whatever headstone same thing I
wouldn't even know how to how are we
getting a caps ugly I don't even know
the first thing I'm going to Elle loste
and we're gonna meet with Norwich
she might also have some ideas about
what we can do that's it's worth
discussing
yeah so you you guys got us a way to get
in there mm-hmm
yeah okay although all the supplies are
well we might not have enough supplies
now considering but well but I'm gonna
go to bed my pajamas were burnt that's
true well if you guys have been back
here a little bit earlier you would have
met with the Taylor we had very
important things to do stealing a book
which we accomplished so again does the
book help us yes essentially how it
answers every question that we could
possibly this is a source of incredible
knowledge and power but we need time to
learn how to properly utilize that power
and we don't have time I'm kind of with
Emma on this one if it isn't tell us
know if it doesn't tell us how what a
deal it's not gonna tell us today but it
might it in the future it can be
incredibly useful right now we're very
you spent so much time in the dream
world did you get anything out of them
oh of course absolutely oh he can do
things now okay but he can't there's no
do this well I didn't ask that what can
you do I have a much better
understanding of time in its relation
with space and how they're not really
coupled together and it's an abstract
view that it doesn't flow in an even
rate that we would perceive it's
actually past geometry well I can
effectively exist outside of time for
short periods of time Oh she'll be the
direction
you put how do you put the sword the
sort now my god I was about to call it
the sort of knighted Chris oh good it is
now how do you put that in a non spatial
time place place it's it's I may be slow
you down wouldn't doesn't change our
problem more than slowing the inevitable
okay and I don't have enough power
what else do you know well I could give
you a much faster which way bad okay
what else how you'd go much faster okay
so you can control to that what else can
you do what else you got almost like a
record where you can speed it up and
slow it down you you do world scratching
then yeah I'm impressed
does it go backwards it doesn't solve
our problem it doesn't go backwards I
can't undo all those there's no stop
making horrible mistakes that's a good
yeah well the great mistake society what
we do we somehow fail our way forward
like that fail forward Cheers
here so Claire oh isn't gonna burn now
right I don't know probably not that's a
good baby of this situation we should
still get a lot of people oh yes agreed
I'm happy to get that dead black Pharaoh
always keeps his deals did we keep our
deal yeah I'm delivered NIDA Chris yeah
but theoretically if we can use the
capstone and block the Pharaoh into the
pyramid then we're just dealing with
night Icarus which you know any
incredible ceiling rituals that I don't
know ceiling ones that require me do
some reading perhaps I couldn't come up
with something I'm here to tell you and
I can see the future yeah it's not great
okay that's a no soft know what is
office I know what's the fine for any
options to seal night Oh Chris your
case scenario she doesn't care about you
your small fish so the divine will guide
us into a proper ritual for sealing this
away so it can never come back or she's
just gonna get out and we should not be
in her way
so what is what is ninety Chris after
specifically and can it benefit us to
any way shape or form yeah what I don't
know what is he what almost certainly
not I don't know there must be history
or books or no she wanted she was like a
rapacious conqueror she wanted to take
things over see that also is just not
good however she did fail in that
mission she was stopped by humans
perhaps are the constants that several
thousand years ago but with that much
lower technology and much less knowledge
could we coordinate with Rogers to have
the Scimitar in a place where war
exercises are being taking place he
shows up and then everyone shoots her a
lot of boats with large guns maybe high
explosives that we aren't near or have
anything to do with yeah you don't want
be setting an explosive 7th Donnell's
game hmm just thinking outside the box
here and then if that doesn't work she's
going after someone else not us they've
got her the question is who
yeah boats with guns yeah get a man on
those boats with guns their problem
the British Navy is very powerful
greatest Navy in the whole world
ok Britannia Britannia rules the waves
it's it's in a bit of a decline every
corner of the globe you'll find them
this balloon has corners the Sun never
set what time is it now it's late I have
to sleep yeah yeah I have no good ideas
so you had you set up to have an early
departure tell Worcester yeah yeah I'm
gonna go and get some sleep and trying
to you know with a night's sleep
yeah how much he'll magic points
restored healing a night you could do
first aid yes you're damaged
[Laughter]
not not a critical but I do not help you
mi hope you never got you with thumbs
you're like good way we do our own yes
you can freak out I was borderline
confident have you know oh no nope if
you make it anybody make it no no okay I
missed ya always rely on somebody yeah
yeah do you wanna please oh I'm sorry 43
alright so you're all gonna get one
point back from a night's rest and um
your magic points are totally
replenished oh that's lovely don't need
those tapes after all if you weren't elf
you just have to meditate for a few
hours and they'd be back but sadly you
need a full hour a full rest so yeah the
next the morning of March 14th dawns and
you come down to a open-sided riverboat
it's essentially a long skiff with a
canopy top but your supplies are loaded
in and you can sit under the canopy and
the guy who runs the boat is at the back
at the tiller with the motor and the
boat is the Dutchess of course it is the
same size and you have a lovely cruise
down the Nile it is I predict Nick yeah
he took care of you
it is it is restorative in every way
everybody's gonna get one sanity back
yeah just from four hours of doing
nothing enjoying a picnic just like
laying under the canopy that's right yes
it is it is a momentary respite from the
hell that is your life and for like for
for at least two of those hours nobody
says the word Knight Icarus nobody like
you know you somehow you forget if only
from
moment about everything that's going on
and there's almost like there's almost
that childlike moment of that's a hippo
you know there's like you know people
are like running to each side to look at
bakingstuff dates yeah delicious hmm
Alexandra even starts humming to herself
a little there you go it is it is like a
a just a four hours of a load being
lifted off of your shoulder when you
realize that the world is just gonna end
and there's nothing you can do about it
it's very liberating nihilism is a thing
look I don't want the world to end you
don't want the world didn't mmm help me
help you bye
just keep listening to me okay I don't
want this stuff to happen I I'm part of
this whole cycle who do you think told
those those guys about the Ark of the
Covenant me where do you what do you
think taught Octavian how to make his
legion sorcerers me use a legion of
sorcerers how much time do I hear that
it's gonna take a long first maybe we
whatever you're saying over there join
so it's gonna be an interesting
development
you you you dock it out losta it is a
small town and you find you find a
dilapidated hut where when you open the
door when you knock on the door a man a
man opens the door and his entire right
side has been like gouged away years ago
he's his right arm is gone from here the
right side of his face is
Expo is like scar tissue and when you
open the door he says oh you know he in
Arabic he will he will ask you you can
make a roll if you want hey that's good
but nowhere near that need to roll he
will he will he will ask who you are and
why are you here greetings at peace be
with you
we are a travelers from from Europe here
are looking into some unfortunate events
from the past like a shadow crosses his
face when you say unfortunate events of
the past and he he he says in in Arabic
the Frenchman is not here we understand
the Frenchman and explained to us about
those those terrible events we are
deeply troubled by how it has affected
you and we apologize profusely for
bringing this terrible memory back to
you however it is very important that we
understand what I was that you
experienced okay everybody make a listen
roll
critical success mmm 79 everybody who
made it I think yes so then everybody
who made it you hear clearly behind him
there's like weird tuneless humming I
mean sounds like a person but it's like
this we were like I shout out for nori
when you say that the humming stops you
keep humming and she'll start to hum the
same like you'll hear the humming start
to match you and the son he looks very
he's like looking at you and he's
listening and and he says in Arabic
it is a Sun heart for my friend as a
sign that she she needs to speak to to
to our friend here the to have a
something in common a link yes yes yes
come come so you come inside and Nureyev
l wasta in sup looks just maybe worse
than her son hmm she is she's so old
that you can't tell how old she is just
incredibly old and she has been her face
is shattered her jaw is gone and it's
just like working and so that's the the
humming is this weird kind of like noise
and as soon as you come in like when
you're humming like there's a there's a
reaction from her of like joy and she's
like and she's humming along with you
and she is she seems like to focus
mm-hmm and her son he's just like he
goes to her side with tears in his eyes
and he's just like he's like just saying
my mother over and over and over and and
she says something hmm you can so I'm
gonna make roll this one you're gonna
get hard success because it's Arabic but
extreme all right so we got extreme okay
good so you you and it's horrified by
this
so you got a fumble right all right here
the right thing but I got extreme a
success all right nice so you
understand her last words her last words
on earth are they are the ones and she
dies and and her son is has gone from
tears of joy
- just like burying his face in her
chest and I tried soothing words in
Arabic and I'm sorry I'm so sorry he is
he is now just he's banging his fists on
her chest
yeah and he's just saying no no and
there's there's a very uncomfortable
like three minutes yeah I'm actually sat
down across from them and I'm just very
quietly maintaining the hum okay to say
I'm the same tune great I mean yeah make
me a pal role captain I don't have to do
one of those and ever 95 so now all
right whatever it is yeah so yeah after
a couple of minutes he'll look up
disconsolate and he'll say she wants she
would want you to have this he may pull
out oh wow part you don't have to be I
mean you know right away that is a not a
complete capstone right
by the way slight another slightly table
creation it's so cool I still actually I
still don't know how he did this because
he sent me an email he's like hey is
there anything else you know that Micah
and I being old didn't respond oh sorry
a Twitter message letter day and I don't
know how to do I didn't know you could
send messages in Twitter and so I didn't
respond and he found a picture of it and
he made it so Wow
thank you very much it's awesome and
thank you guys for all
so for a problem three in for marrying
him share it so let's see I need to pass
it around so but Wow oh this is
supposed to be an upside down and
anybody who studies it can make an
archeology rolls yeah you won't have fun
yeah I've got a one in archeology oh
yeah so the symbol on there yes the
symbol on there is a glyph of protection
you got it I missed my role and and the
incisions on there are are centuries old
and that that the the the limestone like
that was used as the facing on many
parents mud but that one in particular
is the red pyramid and and that it's
it's got the that that same pinkish
color that you recognize now is that
that horrible pyramid that you went into
mmm-hmm
and the Sun like you're all kind of like
drawn by this and when you turn around
the Sun has has committed suicide he
stabs himself in the heart and he lays
over his mother like he's just lying on
top of her he seems weirdly at peace and
so does she
step out of the hut it's how are things
in there I'm gonna wait for everyone
else to step out of the hut I was gonna
wrap that up yeah I'm wrapping that up
and in a towel something that I can just
grab off the top the shirt something up
anybody who has Cthulhu Mythos can also
make a roll bond that can make we have
to don't know what Why Why What nope I
miss I missed nobody made it the one
roll
ever try to make that's why have a cult
yeah I saw so I'm gonna wait until
everyone else steps out of the hut and
then just like pull the blanket over the
two of them just like you know close his
eyes and quietly seeing a piece of a
grieving Aria just very quietly over
them it's not very good because my voice
is still a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but know that yeah you
feel like you've brought them some peace
and so you'll gain a point of sanity
yeah as you brought them there you can
you know you can you will spend the most
of the afternoon returning to Cairo it's
a little more somber this time yeah it's
it's a it's a contemplative journey if
we just got apart do we think we need to
look for parts in the other places that
were described to us instead of going
back I don't have to go back to get
another trip I mean you might you might
have to ask Bussard you or you might you
might ask us art if he knows cuz do do
we have any other leads well we know
Giza led you up the name for Oz in a jar
who was the guy who us who got stuff for
him yes you have I mean you could you
could you could try going talking to dr.
Cofer maybe he hasn't noticed yes we're
what else do you have in Egypt you have
Giza you have the Clive expedition how
they seem like nice folks I would prefer
to stay away from the climate and
there's always Kenya it's their time how
bad of it a bad of an idea would it be
to try to transcribe then book policy
into English question sir I can just
sang that out loud Oh terrible yeah I
could probably begin work on the truth
that would be you know that would be the
work of years mmm the the translation if
Arkham Horror has taught me anything
don't do that don't do it
because this is this this wouldn't be
like could we do this in a week or
something this would be if we took some
time each day to just start going
through this thing out loud don't mind
me the white white white why do you need
anything well one time I'd like to I'd
[Laughter]
it's in better our hands is much better
than locked in some library but that the
kid is right it needs to be with us
well I can use it it will help us if you
want I can I can always translate couple
pages for you if you're very curious so
the better the better that's just now
it's same flow there are there are some
sections where I have struggled to
comprehend the explanations that you
have tried to give me and maybe having a
look at them myself myself just tell
them you're smart supper reads is there
more stuff about staves and batteries
and that's not what I'm saying at all oh
those are just batteries just batteries
it's sometimes on the way back can I can
I talk about the headrest very house
properly if you go to cache communicate
that if you someone actually does mean
even if it's a if it's an iterative
process I mean the real problem is you
know she's using them as in the weapons
sense of forcibly taking power from
others mm-hmm you need to learn how to
use it in the passive sense where it
will slowly charge over time using
energies that regenerate and and how can
I constructively communicate that to her
your host won't have his soul drained
you know if at some point it makes sense
to me to do that I could help you with
that a kid might be able to find
something in the book I want everybody
to read the book mm-hmm
she can speak Arabic you know what you
know how I could teach her just put me
on her I'll let you take me off put me
on her she'll know just how to use those
staves I'll show her silvano is in quiet
contemplation and I think as the Sun
sets on the Nile as the Duchess pulls
into Cairo that's where we're gonna end
it for the night thanks that was awesome
I really enjoyed the Emma fight of the
new come on mania our quotes from this
session it's gonna be a little bit
different but a little bit different
welcome back to the land of Emma Emma
and the dagger lady which is a strong
contender you apparently burnt down our
hotel my soul is fine I'm going to
heaven that's also a you ruin everything
things are horrible now only now it's
I know where my votes okay you can
control time what else you got
and we just have to stop making terrible
mistakes which really could be due to
the great mistake Julie said not quite
like that that is quite good strong
quotes thank you everybody for spending
your time here I hope that you laughed
as much as we did because if there's one
thing we all need right now it's
laughter man I know that just sitting in
this room with five awesome people
telling fun stories and making up
wackadoodle stuff has made this whole
week seem a little less terrible and so
thank you guys for this I really
appreciate it yes and be safe everybody
be nice to each other
wash your hands wash your hands so
hopefully if everything goes the way we
want it to we're gonna be back here
Wednesday Monday Wow okay so tomorrow so
Monday but Dave Marsh is a Wednesday for
salt marsh okay and then back here on
Saturday for rice so if everything goes
the way we hope it does Monday Tuesday
Wednesday salt marsh that's gonna be a
lot of fun and then we're back here on
Saturday for the Great Dane Society and
we we have plans we're going to get back
to gloom Haven the the the situation
there is very fluid as with everything
we're also going to get back to Arkham
Horror we have more board game plans and
our regular D&amp;D games are probably gonna
take a break during this time as we
figure out more of our scheduling stuff
and look into remote options and that
sort of thing but we are going to in one
way or another we're gonna be here
hopefully making you guys smile and
hopefully keeping our minds off the fact
that you know I've been in my house for
eight days there's only so many cans of
what did Thomas get cream of celery soup
I went to Target today and it was
actually a very you know it was very
calm and there was not much going on but
Rachel texts me and goes get pasta and
the hot come on
let's do all the pasta and all those you
know reserves because possible last
forever yeah yeah well I mean we so the
blessed soul that is my wife two weeks
ago she said hey we should start you
know bumping up our stuff and so we've
slowly been you know adding stuff and
and so but you know I think I have a
friend who is in Italy who was in the
region that is shut down and she's at
each other's faces and super but she
said that the first three days the
supermarkets were empty and then it
after the kind of after the panic wore
off everything came back and now there's
there's normal levels of good you can't
leave your house except to go to the
supermarket like once a week but but the
supermarket has stuff so you know I
think that we'll we'll get through this
it'll just take some time hopefully yeah
Wow all right well guys we'll see you
next time
mm-hmm
you
