Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends and welcome to
quests and chaos we are playing Call of
Cthulhu tonight from several undisclosed
locations across the continental United
States
as you can see we are queer under a
shelter in place so we are all
sheltering in our various places I am in
my lovely office the only room that
Rachel will let anyone else see in our
house and other folks are all around it
looks like Amy's in the studio but
actually that's how they've painted
their house they ain't babe committed to
the bit hey that's that's their house
Thomas is on the digital zero zeros and
ones we really appreciate him being here
and we really appreciate all of you
being here because now more than ever
community and connecting with people
whether virtually well pretty much
virtually but it's more important than
ever and so you know getting around a
table whether it's real or not and
sitting with my friends and playing the
game I love helps my sanity and I hope
that week hello I hope that we can do a
little bit to help your sanity as well
that being said I want to take your
sanity away so just a few quick
announcements we really apologize as you
as with everybody we have been you know
we're still figuring out how we're gonna
move forward so there's gonna be some
hiccups today thanks for coming along
with us we'll get through this there are
also some so I'm gonna be some changes
to our schedule so for the next week
we're going to do Monday and Tuesday
Tiana is gonna step back in this chair
where she did an amazing job last week
three days in a row on your hair really
tough circumstances I mean we found out
the day but the day she was gonna run
that oh by the way we might not be in
the studio any longer so you really a
fabulous job really rolling with the
punches
I only wish you'd killed more players
well there's there's still time they're
off to good you have to fight that
that's a hog one or whatever the hell
that is ha ha so saltmarsh Monday and
Tuesday and then we have at some point
coming up once we've gotten our
technology a little more nailed down the
mitten will be happening and so that's
going to be coming through there we'll
let you know more about that our
newsletter will give have all the
information and then Saturday we'll be
back here with Colin Cthulhu I will
continue my Bond villain meets these
jobs look thing that I've got going here
I've got the hairline for a bond John
sadly that's the yeah that's the thing
and then I just wanted to shamelessly
self promote for a minute I posted an
art I wrote an article for question
chaos about online resources for playing
board games sort of a way to connect in
this
so the social distancing world and I'm
gonna try and put together a question
chaos questing chaos board game night at
some point where well we'll use the
discord for voice chat and we'll play
board games as as we go through before
we start I just want to check in how's
everybody doing board doing okay just
hangin trying to do anything like right
now is like moving through molasses but
mmm you do what you can mm-hm
well this should be a vacation for me it
is a lot lot busier because I'm stuck
with a little one all day it's just
adorable but I have no free time it is
you know super props to people who are
somehow working a full-time job and also
being teachers during that time and and
being full-time caregivers that is super
impressive I just have to deal with dumb
cats you have to deal with little raging
terrors and it is a super impressive we
already have a few bits coming in and we
really appreciate that
we have birds-of-paradise
there dice those dice look amazing I
cannot wait until they're here and we
can place the orders Andrea who runs
birds of paradise she gives the players
1,000 inspiration so that's two so that
puts you guys at for inspiration I'm
gonna keep a track here so you guys can
ask me whenever you need to
how much inspiration you have probably a
good idea for one of you to keep track
of it as well because you're just gonna
be like none you're out Andrea also is
apparently giving my wife 500
inspiration which is going to me for for
allowing allowing allowing me to do this
and to be a room in our home to be seen
and I cannot say enough about the
amazing the amazing impact Rachael has
had on my life just I can't imagine like
doing this alone and so having somebody
with me has made this much worse let's
be honest really cuts down on my video
game time when you see something fly
across the room at you yeah we also have
boy this is I don't know I'm impressed
with the people that do the Twitter
stuff and the GMA it is hard and we have
a thousand bits 500 of them conditional
from Lucifer of exact one is just one
inspiration to the players so now you
guys are fine but one is conditional for
somebody to make a hard success on a
luck roll so at some point if somebody
makes a hard success he's gonna make me
keep track of this now this is not ha as
so as we're playing along and and thank
you all so much for for the bits we
really appreciate them the players
genuinely need them but Thomas is going
to be watching the stream and if I am
too enthralled by somebody's accent or
you know doing something silly
he's gonna let me know and let us know
if we missed some of them probably by
like poking Amy which yeah I really
that's for instance tamago Torah 500
bits because Kyra is gonna be fine all
right so the players are inspiration now
500 from tamago Toro we really
appreciate it
so yeah last time we were all together
we were we had all sorts of fun with it
we finally got our fire started by
Emma's yeah I'm a prime returned and
started a there was a an epic Emma slap
becoming the sort of night Icarus and
soaking up the essence of Emma prime who
had apparently been turned into night
Icarus we also found out from the our
friend that certainly would never lead
you astray the headdress of eyes that
John might have been mildly stealing
people's souls precious little left free
energy that I'm just you know putting in
their batteries that's all it's it's
just so no there's this be and then you
have not everywhere I can tell it just
soaking up in the battery so is it like
giving blood where I can actually charge
to have my soul drained you get a donut
at the end from passing out one of those
animal cookies I love those it is hey
funny story we were unaware that we were
not gonna be able to go back to the
studio so the map of Cairo
the calendar a bunch of other stones I'm
the calendar oh okay look at this Emma
on the spot
I think it's March 1614 say it's 14th
yeah so I'm so hang on a second I'm just
gonna yeah it is the 14th and it says
Bartow 7 Weston
don't ask me what that means that's Tom
that's my interpretation that's my
interpretation of Tom's handwriting
March 7 so somebody at the Westin Hotel
that's there that's the meeting
apparently we took the BART to the 7th
Western I don't know what do you think
that says oh boat sorry we took a boat
Elwha ski boat to the 7-eleven that's
what we're doing yeah that's what I
wrote down
yeah so you took the boat to El Wasti
and I we closed on coming back from the
boat with half of the capstone and
you're you're you're figuring out where
you know what your next move is you have
a couple of you know you haven't really
done a lot of research on this capstone
so that's that's a level you probably
can't go back to the the Egyptian Museum
are we noticed no and so you could do
some research on the capstone you also
have you know the what's his name who
told you where it was
BES art warren miss art he now that you
know a little more you might try talking
to him again he's a cheery fellow
there's the guy from the Cairo bulletin
from the newspaper whose name I'm
blanking on so that I have it right here
remember what the office you asked him
for something and if I were a good Geum
I'd remember what it was
Farrow bulletin his name
is Nigel Wasif oh yeah the thoroughly
anglicized guy who's Alexandria's that's
right that's why I'd read you asked him
for some information and I don't
remember what it was
me neither no no sorry it was about
that's what it was yeah no it was about
the start because because we'd already
met van huland and you know stood by as
he was brutally murdered at that point
there we go
is that how we found out that he likes
to hang out in opium dens or whatever
yeah and yeah so it is the morning of
the 15 no and we're staying in Elwha
Steve or whatever
no no you've come back from El Wasti
okay you have you you took the boat back
and that's sort of where you
contemplated your next steps you went
back to the the backup hotel you don't
have a third backup hotel yeah one
immediately or we need to just get out
of town that's also a good off it's
always a possibility yeah I mean you
know so the other thing is the headdress
made it seem like something was gonna
happen with Emma in two days no Emma
NIDA Chris Emma not this yes I mean I
don't remember any of that conversation
anything can happen at any time with
safe bet so what's up we I'm for and
this is my plan you can shoot it down if
you hate it but I think that we need to
get this I vote for it just just calm
down
so give me all the money we go back to
New York and get drunk no actually
that's not my plan I think we need to
get the second half of the capstone and
take the sword and cap it in some place
with what's-his-name
without what's-his-name the black bear
oh I don't know these are farther plans
and I can think all right so where do we
start in order to figure out where the
second half of the capstone is do I need
to look at a museum to figure out what
it actually looks like or if there's a
finishing on it or we know what color it
is it's there it's that reddish color
yeah okay so it's made out of the the
red stone it had a really nice modelling
on it and the carving of the upside-down
UNK and an eye in the middle so a might
okay it's at the studio okay did we
write a profound apology in the this the
book that we swapped no but nobody's
checking that book out yeah but what
happens if what's-his-name goes and
reads it and finds out it's the wrong
one and now he'd just dimensioned doors
into your bedroom and you're dead so
just think he's gone crazy he's crazy
we'll be fine yeah my proposal thinks we
have to shoot some research on the
capstone if we can't find it in Egypt I
have one bad idea
Brady was present with whatever the guys
name was we just talked to the OPM guys
two of them together we're watching the
scene Brady is in Singapore so if we
can't find it here in Egypt he's the guy
we have to ask about but he's too far
away for us to do anything in the next
two days so he's got my last ditch if we
can't if he's not here he probably knows
where it is but that's a long boat ride
where's the place that the the little
massacre happened where the one fellow
lost half of his body the one that died
tragically that was the pyramid the
ruined period pyramid out at may doom as
it might have been broken apart there if
he was if he was there to try and like
cap something off we haven't gone there
not at all evil pyramid and may do that
sounds like we're we might need to go
because that's one of the things I have
in my notes about that yeah and it's
that or get on a boat so I don't exhaust
our options here first
I want to thank night heart gaming
because night heart gaming just raided
us night heart gaming and 36 of their
best friends have just raid us we are
playing Lou and we are you know usually
when people raid us it's like we're
doing accounting or something like you
know it's a so right now at since it is
Call of Cthulhu they're talking about
going to the library but welcome hope
you stick around and enjoy the the
wackiness and the fun and normally we're
in studio and it's awesome
today we're all at home and it's great
everything's fine so my vote is gonna be
for the ruined pyramid where the
massacre happened that's where we
screaming I think we should go back to
the Egyptian library or museum first do
some research on it split the pie on
before they've checked out the book
right now we've got a window before they
know it does be bad so let's use it oh
we can if I go there there's gonna be a
luck roll so split the party one thing
that I have just reminded because
someone raided us we are giving away an
or games luck or critical hit deck no
you're gonna hit chaos hashtag chaos
from the chat for a chance to win that
Nord games critical hit deck you can't I
always breathe through this you can't
have won something within a month yeah
hot needle US Canada sorry Quebec and if
we like you will ship it somewhere else
that's probably not a chance
must be present well must at least text
Thomas to let wait if you win and we
will announce that at some point
commissar very reliable I heard a very
loud button click back there and I you
know I'm it's a lot harder to do the
game show host up when it's not not
leaving a PowerPoint but I have to watch
a stream of stuff you chat people would
just stop talking stop being so
excitable I say split the party some
of us go to the Temple of Doom
we can always read the book quickly and
then although the temple will do
together no we need to go to the temple
that's where things are you it's where
you find things
reading is we're done library library
you says the professor wants to go to
the library
I mean I'm terrible at the library but I
do think it's necessary to know what
we're getting into
before we go Haring out into the desert
so again so you would accompany ok
things reversal if I go this way let's
see which person ok good ok so you the
streams look different from here I have
no idea what window I'm Anna the screen
oh yeah no I was looking at the twitch
stream sorry yeah yeah do you wanna are
you should company him make sure he
doesn't do anything I want to say that
you wouldn't my bring can I bring the
book with me and try and chip away at it
with lambs help in public no no no we're
going to the massacre pyramid yes and
then we could do that there that would
be awesome
oh well on the way there I mean I I have
a feeling that we're gonna be
preoccupied when we get there cuz Ezra
is just so nice to us
right are you are you planning to take
the rifle with you because yes that's an
interesting situation to be in
right well what if you're like five
possessions at this point well besides
all the daggers that I always have on my
person I'm gonna have a rifle with me
and read the Necronomicon let's let's
not the whole party go together to any
strange mysterious temples I okay okay I
agree as long as we all agreed to take
partial credit for what we saw do we all
want to vote murder temple yes I mean
without the Heffner going a little crazy
gives 1000 inspiration to the players
that puts you guys at 8 and 1000
inspiration to the DM and and then he
suggest we all go find toilet paper
thank you I need to roll a naught 1 on
that one
Thank You half that's really amazing the
the evil moderator comes through once
again so out of the game I have a 55 on
my library so if you need me to actually
look something up I could actually do
that I never use it but that would help
and and remember she's an academic with
the time crunch we might want to
actually split the party and have some
people have tried to research the don't
do a fist pump for that oh I was hoping
to split the party I go to the temple
well I mean you know if if I think we
should go to the temple cuz we we pretty
sure that there's gonna be something
there that we could use but if we spend
our time reading then that's what we do
we read there's a time for reading and
there's a time for action yeah time is
right now for reading all more there's a
time for fire and that's pretty much
every act yeah you already had the fire
it's pick up we'll pick up some cans of
pet
Rogers so we're burning the temple or
the library which temple yeah that's why
you have to bring all the the gasoline
it also depends on who shows up at the
library we might burn the library to
depending okay so if if everybody wants
to go to the library I will go I have I
I'm I'm good at it but I think the time
for going is now but I I will I I am
admitting that the library is the smart
move but my vote is for murder temple I
agree 100% I agree hey dude I really
think we know what we're getting into
before we go to them all right all right
two hours yeah two hours at the library
and I'm fine library attempts to go to
the library is tamago torah who reminds
you 500 inspiration this is hard he
remind you with 500 inspirations you're
up to nine that libraries are very
flammable yeah there are setting up
travel arrangements for a murder temple
a school I'm gonna go to the library and
try not to burn something down and trial
every couple hours and then we're off to
the temple
I'll go to the library and trying not to
burn something down should be every
episode name right I will go with you to
it to make travel arrangements I'm not
very good at looking things up so if you
want someone with you to make travel
arrangements I'll go with you and let
our three academics do what they do this
involves a great amount of tea and
biscuits come on I could use a good
combo so tempting it's for you yeah
let's do lunch
yes all right so
we'll deal the tribal arrangements are
easily set up for maybe 19 biscuits
me doom is let's see here it is about so
you're not going together nope even
may doom is about 60 miles south and and
then take a camel caravan into the
desert animals more camels go to the
library
look you are researching the capstone is
there anything else you want to check up
on here so everybody who's going to the
library make me a library useful it's a
19 which is gonna be the argh hard
success card success I've got already
more success with a hard success you
will find so you had previously found
some information about the capstone
basically its archaeological
significance and there that the the
color of what you find with a hard
success is you find a reference in a
book to an item that looks very much
like this called the eye of light and
darkness
and anybody with Cthulhu Mythos can make
a roll about the eye I was like didn't
you do that last time though didn't we
already look up I have light and
darkness 0 7 oh my god I'm gonna be
those wrong hell yeah absolutely I know
exactly what that is well well
let's talk reduce yourself so with the
eye of light darkness you know that it
is intimately involved in some way in no
it was the seal that kept my arleth OTF
in that sealed the black Pharaoh in that
temple it is let's see is that so
Youssef if you ruling that information
to us I'm just curious if that's what we
have on the capstone bit we need to like
finish the rest of it yeah he believes
that's true is that what he believes
based on his research this is this this
has been sundered at some house and
weirdly in your insane ramblings you
find references to a Japanese art the
name of which is currently escaping me
because I'm making this up but it is an
actual thing the Japanese do where they
take broken items and they repair them
with gold yeah and so and tamago Torah
says kintsugi there we go thank you so
it is a it is it is the practice of
repairing something and making it
different and and better as a loaded
term but sort of giving it inherent
value that it didn't have before
honoring the past of the object and
empowering the future of the object and
some of you have weird flashbacks to
your time in Peru with that very idea oh
yeah and so you know Yousef you are
pretty you feel strongly that you need
both of these pieces and you need them
then completed or resealed with gold
okay he'll explain that to the other two
that are with
nope and I completely agree because
that's what Alexandra and I did at the
pyramid was we essentially resealed the
pyramid with then again I kind of can't
remember exactly what it was but we
reseal the pyramid with the stand and
rod some people yeah yeah do you
remember how to do that again can we can
we use it that same practice again when
we find these two pieces well when we
did it with the pyramid I think it was
more like a puzzle piece that you were
fitting in then sealing it like the
Japanese art because I'm assuming but
again I kind of feel like we should get
the two pieces and see if we can put
them together and see how they fit and
see if see what's there and we that
means Temple of Doom maybe we find glum
buddies heart out maybe we might find
some gold there at the temple too right
you know so we need to have them you
never know we're in Egypt it should be
easy to get gold now how that works
yeah haven't you ever been to the Middle
East it's not that hard to get bricks
and gold out of a vending machine really
cheap on Street I'll say out of what
what do you talk I'm sorry really cheap
at the market now illicit weapons yes
do we learn anything in the reading
about where the other half might
possibly be any leads to who has seen it
no every reference you have is that this
this the eye of light and darkness is
the capstone to the red pyramid and you
know I'll just remind you guys that what
happened with the seeit with the seal
being broken is fairly contemporary it
was only you know what six or seven
years ago so that capstone had been on
that pyramid before you know time all
all of time I'm wondering if the rest of
that capstone is either still at the
pyramid or you're right and the
gentleman who released the capstone
still has it simple
I mean those would be the two options is
that somebody took it and it's now in
the antiquities market potentially or
it's still a temple temple to do Oh Joan
maybe Joe can ask about the antiquities
market actly that's what I was thinking
I was just gonna say that maybe I can
get some of my contacts to see if
they've heard about anything like this
this is interesting did a sketch of the
I I'm I'm dealing with some serious
betrayal here and I'm I'm a little hurt
Joe Matthews 85 gives the players 500
bits in the hole someone's heart out I
feel a little like you know us GM's have
to stick together here yeah and Amy's
holding it up but Jay Matthews actually
sent us the awesome Cthulhu it's the
number they call it but it's four decks
it's the we gave away one it's the
keepers
it says it says the keeper deck on the
back of this it's a great thing but
we're going to be since I already own
them and nobody else wants to run Carla
Cthulhu we're going to be sending them
on to our awesome players and it's true
I'm being being reminded that Andrea did
indeed give me bits and so I think I
have to change my favorite twitch users
Brad ranking now he is my favorite
twitch user and now then squirrel on the
run and well we know Baroness is always
my favorite what am i doing is always
number one then Andrea then Rachel there
you go girl power this baby yeah the
pairing this is always number one
forever and ever hold on hold on I put
this Thomas can you can you put this
right here
can you put this on the background so
make a leaderboard
we need to pretty much that's what we're
doing right now I think Amy's just
they all say Emma behind her yeah they
do
just Emma just Emma if we could get that
cool like toss he's got that cool green
screen thing behind him when he streams
maybe we can do that with but then I
have I fear what Thomas would put behind
Joan you can you can certainly through
elicit contacts you can start asking
around about the capstone now you know
from your time doing this that there are
sort of two ways you can do this you can
sort of walk around and talk to some
shady people with with like a itching of
what you have of the capstone and people
will be like I don't know or you can
walk around with the actual capstone
which has a far greater chance of people
recognizing it but it also has a far
greater chance of people trying to steal
it I would have to have a bodyguard and
they they are ok with that because you
know and I would just say it's
professional courtesy so you know
somebody with a gun is somewhere
whenever you are doing these not on the
roof no no no no no no you got to be
nearby there's a guy okay
he's taking a term to aim don't mind him
I I joke only because that it saved our
asses on at least five separate
occasions so Murray's so yeah you can
right now
it's you Emma and rusev and Yosef so
that is your choice for muscle Emma or
Yousef or I got that I've got the yeah
we can get the princess to come in yeah
no pretty Emma you you be my even my bag
person yeah be especially if we stop and
I can get a couple shots because my
drunk sword fighting skill is much
higher than anything else because I'm
drunk and also need to replace my
crowbar when we go down to the mark yeah
you've lost in the fire yes and we
should get some gold too just in case we
have to do some reseal
we'll look at some more that's that's
the next thing we should get some gold
Joseph wants to come I can help you know
well you're still reading and doing the
thing right you know really it was only
talk if you need my help otherwise try
to move the coil super quick I would
want to grab a compass and a map sure
just because last time women so well
going out in the desert with camels that
well oh wait so now getting a map of the
desert is a whole different thing you
can get like a basic map that you feel
like with a compass you can find your
way yeah it's not gonna it's not going
to have like the dunes and no no this is
just if we get lost I can be like well
there should be something in this way
and if we hit the water we can go up and
eventually we won't die oh and speaking
of water I want to also want to grab as
canteens very good idea
very good no you're in charge of the
snacks because you're the one who eats
the most that's what you can do when we
go down to the bazaar and start talking
to people oh you can get us provisions
that's how you can help yeah I'm not
really good with the shopping thing well
you haven't you have the the vocality
you have some cash you can do it yeah
it's reverse its reverse eating you
can't do it think about the things you
want and how little you want to pay for
them they don't take me seriously what I
tell them I won't pay that amount to
make this well I'm gonna make them take
you seriously you can do it dude you've
killed a man almost no you almost didn't
front it you've confronted people and
things so you can confront day you've
confronted death
these gentlemen should not be scary
right it's how it works
no I and we
need to have it we need to have somebody
to get it because we need to have
provisions anywhere we go no reluctantly
get the provisions but he's bummed you
can't go with you on the I understand
let me get up to you and tell you will
tell you what's going on I'll tell you
alright so Jonah and Emma you are going
into you know seedy bar number seven
that you know well and you are headed up
to a guy you know who a an Englishman
named Bernard Worthington who is a a he
he is a known mover a guy who's Bernard
Egan well he's a known mover of illicit
goods to England and to you know private
dealers and that sort of thing and you
figured he he would have as good a
chance as anybody of knowing and he's
just he's sitting in a booth and he well
well well professor Lam know you've
gotten out of the game oh you know
sometimes you have to take a little
break just so you know the reputation
gets a little bit easier to deal with
and who is your friend this is uh
this is Emma she is my my
bodyguard and I kids there a bar is
there somebody behind the bar that I can
wave to get a round of drinks sure yeah
okay you are not brandishing these
sort of no it's still wrapped up and in
my belt okay so yeah when you say that
she is your bodyguard he will massively
fail a spot hidden role and he will sort
of go oh how quaint
hmm well tell me professor what what can
I do for you do you need do you need
some object yes we've been looking for
and I have this wrapped thing that I
kind of open up a little bit and show
him a little bit of it not the whole
thing
but show him part of it I'm in saying
you know we found a half of this and I'm
trying to find the other half
um just from the little bit you see yeah
does that ring a bell at all that's a
very interesting piece hmm you mind if I
see a little more of that how many
people are in this bar seven yeah okay
it's like noon on oh yeah gotcha gotcha
okay so I I push it over to him on the
on the table
he will unfold it and he'll look at it
and he will make an appraised roll uh
well I mean do you know what this use
yes I've done the research and I'm very
very interested and I have a purchaser
who would like to acquire this whole
thing either half of it is cool and
interesting but the whole thing that's
where the money is I can get you the
second half for ten thousand pounds it's
believe you you know how this works
professor I I know how it works I'm just
I'm I'm asking you Bernard
I'm not gonna tell you where it is oh no
no but you give me ten thousand pounds I
will give you the second half can I roll
psychology even though I suck at it I'm
still doing it whoa oh I'm gonna make it
ten oh is that a heart success that's
just a stress straight success because I
don't have anything in it but technical
thing okay check that box check that
bothers you you feel like he is lying
okay if not you feel like he is not
sincere oh okay so I just I grabbed John
by the shoulder and be like look it's
just it's too much and it's not worth it
work
get as much as we you know as we can
regardless of a well lit up let's not be
hasty ladies where did you find this
this HAP I've been looking for this half
of this wonderful piece for a very long
time
well I buy that from you you'd probably
don't have enough to buy it from us
that's why I said I have somebody who
gave me this part of the stone to be
able to find the other half
what what's your price dance part the
price and the answer is no well that's a
very high price it is is it not for sale
there this this is not for sale no the
other half is what I look I'm meeting
all right I tell you what 5,000 pounds
and I tell you where the other half is I
see a big man no oh
we have intimidate roles oh I do have
intimidate I also what would what would
drink be what would drink are you are
you trying to drink him under the table
yeah I have a con role or you got this I
got this
how about we wager on I don't know you
don't let's have another drink and so I
get another shot and we do know she
dance yeah he is he's happy to for the
drinks no no I'm telling you you give me
five thousand pounds I will tell you
where the second half of this is hmm
five thousand pounds it's too much it
just and you don't have you have nothing
to lose you already know where it is why
don't you have it I didn't know where
your half was I didn't need to procure
it until I knew where the other half was
now I can easily procure
the other half but it would take a
little effort and that's why the extra
5,000 but for 5,000 a little I'll tell
you where it is you go and get it then
you have the whole piece I'm gonna get
him another drink I'm trying to figure
out what I can roll cuz here it's like
ah I don't have a lot of intimidate um
here's here's an idea mr. Worthington
what happens if we pay for you to come
along and you don't technically have to
tell us where it is but you have to show
us break up mr. Worthington do we have a
deal
do we have an accord four thousand
pounds I'll tell you the citiots in for
ten pounds you're gonna tell me what the
city is it what's idiots in I think not
what what have I not II gained us yeah I
was would say have I not given you all
of the alcohol that you can drink for
you've given me four shots I'll get you
another I'm a professional alcoholic
whoa you sir may have met your match we
have five hundred bits I think to me in
a really kind of pitiful attempt to win
back my love from jail
Oh hold on where's the love Zeno do you
think I am it wears off yep used my
number to twitch user a Baroness number
one
Andrea number three sorry Rachel get out
of the house yell from the other room
hey what new here's the new leaderboard
we also so that takes five inspiration
we also have another inspiration for the
players taking you to eleven
from Kings Shikamaru pacifically that
they love tea on it dagger dagger dagger
so yeah you know at this point I'm gonna
everybody make all three of the two of
you and he will make Con rolls alright
oh she and you want to inspire this I
got a 91 oh Jesus inspire inspire that
is one of your inspiration you were
inspiring Emma to drink what is it
did you just fumble a 97 oh I can't even
Bodyguard is I can you even can you as
we can somehow work in like blood
sacrifice and in a heart with this guy I
so was gonna go there myself that I just
wanna sure so after the round of drinks
as Emma is going like 10 pounds you'll
tell us where it is and he's like I
think not Emma goes well then I'm gonna
tear your heart out cross it just passes
out and desk flat on the table dice a
mola run right before I go down where
they did is very confused Joan get out
well looks like my companion needs to go
home I will be in contact we will be in
contact that really appreciates is going
up every every minute every minute every
minute if you if I eat I wrap this thing
back up and I shove it back into my
pouch in say a thousand pounds
right now your last chance to get this
offer no I'm sorry we can do this on our
own I thought we could make an accord
but obviously not oh you can do it on
your own
yes and so I'm gonna take a merlot
basically for her arm over me yeah you
are fireman's carrying all right
make you meet up with Yousuf Yousuf you
walk up and you see the professor
splashing water vainly on Emma's face
what happened to her she fell asleep I
drink
she always drinks though what's what
happened she met her match but we got
a lot of food I got us a lot of food
again great thank you
cereal this food though I wheeled cart
like one of those like grocery carts
this guy says so carrot for us he's
always only gonna charge us a couple
of pounds to move it but he's very
helpful he volunteered I really couldn't
say no to him yes yes thank you I bring
you know you've already paid him a
couple helpful I really didn't couldn't
say no you say hey I'm gonna just lay
down in the cart I'm in a cart yeah I
just take the man's money in there so be
careful please thank you let's we will
pay him and when we get to our residents
all right did you find it
you know what Jordan make me an
intelligence roll yeah thank you yeah
hard yeah hard success everyone in this
entire world now knows what hotel you're
at because you have a parade of
ridiculousness going through like the
well that's the way it goes because
we have to get back and if we're all
back together then it would be a little
bit less intimidating all right and I'm
gonna have old people syndrome where I'm
like look a scarf look a cup I was
reading the sign on every store even
though she doesn't speak Arabic syndrome
okay either way it's all the same number
well we but you get back to the hotel
yeah you know your your arrangements for
May doom you basically have a boat
waiting to go the long way should go
more expensive it is no we should go
because she'd go yeah no I tried to get
a contact and they tried to try to
basically get me to be able $2,000 for
the what than all of that I take out a
napkin with some biscuits in it hey your
biscuits I snatch oh oh those are my
biscuits I'll give you one back I give
him one back and then I just continue to
eat the rest my favorite biscuits thanks
I'm hungry now like having a fleet like
the cart is not in the room he has a
yes yes no we she met her match there
was a gentleman that we were trying to
get some information out of and they
went they were drinking for each other
and she lost and the more for her to be
this drunk no wonder what at nighttime
daytime what she's like no time is it
it's early afternoon he was not a
gentleman and he didn't know what he was
talking about he was just looking for a
thousand dollars I bet you if we went
back to that bar we
what his bar tab was and I betcha it's
gonna be a thousand pounds this
gentleman know where the item was he
said he did but I he it didn't seem like
he really did it didn't seem like Emma
and I talked to him and it didn't really
make sense ten thousand pounds to get it
to us then he said it would take if we
gave him a thousand pounds he would take
he would tell us where it was
so the boat's waiting right now do we
have everything I think so okay
all right like the guy is outside with a
stick just beating urgence off of your
phone all right let's go hang on Emma
down in the cart to card Emma Emma make
a luck rule Oh No
because drunk sword fighting is just the
sixty-seven so that's not even close my
luck is like Harley so you you know
you you come but when you come bursting
out you see these pins and you just
can't resist the sort of Emma comes out
and you just start chasing the kids off
but the sword is still gonna be wrapped
up all right yeah you're way down like
this sheet yeah I'm just a crazy lady
who's like you know my parents get off
my yard you damn kids is what I'm
yelling basic 1% that is baby boomers so
yes you you very successfully send these
kids away from there and once again you
your parade of ridiculousness heads down
to the dock to load up the boat the guy
who you the guy who is pulling your your
cart offers to come with you on your
journey as a as a he'll he'll carry your
your things and he'll he'll act he knows
oh I know their way I would be a guide
night for that you know the way well and
I put my arm around him and just be like
you don't want to do that
it's you need you should just go back to
your family because that's what that
the safest place ever just were just
nothing but trouble
and I'm just like alcohol breath all
over yeah yeah what's the phrase for
murder temple in air air they hold on
hold on make an Arabic roll yeah I'll
just tell them what it is oh so close I
get murderer out temple you have trouble
with so yeah you can if you this guy's
happy because you paid him he's happy to
follow you but if you wish to dissuade
him and save his poor life you know you
can also send him on his way and carry
your own stuff yep that's not be so hey
we're gonna get camels we're not gonna
carry it it's gonna be on camels yeah
we're gonna be fine we're gonna be fine
thank you
I mean we'll have to put on the camels I
don't know if that's enough to justify
bringing him onto a boat and then just
kind of leaving him wherever the boat
you are why is you are wise and we
didn't pay for him that passage on this
boat so it's all he probably would have
probably would have slept on the deck or
something and as we're on our way down
it down to the boat I want I want to
keep an eye out for anyone who's a
little too interested in our parade of
ridiculousness make a spot hit and roll
okay open open thank you forty-three out
of fifty-five that makes it all right uh
there is no shortage you know people
you don't recognize who you are clearly
we have people watching us all the time
I mean you know I can't get away from
all the people so let's let's go let's
just go I swear on the book we should be
he'll get jumped like just as soon as
he's gone well that's Cairo and and then
you get on the boat and start heading
down the Nile to may do it's gonna be
about you'll get into me do them in the
morning since you got here late at night
and so you you have a lovely nighttime
cruise down the Nile and is anybody
already precautions being taken on the
boat other I mean there are normal
precautions but like you guys setting
watches or yeah that's what I was gonna
suggest I've had to do that before when
we're doing these kind of things so yeah
and I will take I'll take first watch
I'd like to spend at least an hour with
Joseph going over the book and doing the
very slow I'm gonna be doing that off
and on making no real progress but I'm
just saying that I'm gonna be doing it
yeah doing this Ricky he's happy to talk
about he loves talking about it explain
it to you over and translate it sure
yeah no problem
everything's fine fine you I'll take
a watch sometime either in the middle or
at the end doesn't matter make me a make
me a con role Emma oh boy that's what
I'm saying at the end cuz I'll should be
sober by then I just make it yeah these
days are done I so where are you like
you guys you know you can pull the book
out in one of your rooms
mm-hm yeah yeah
all right yeah you if you can tell me on
a page kind of not because I'm gonna be
trying to get the literal translation
over but there's so much more than that
like I'm gonna try and trying to gonna
try and be communicating the context of
the page - so that's I'll particularly
need your help for that
yeah yes it was very helpful nothing bad
happens because just a couple pages
couple pages so you self make an Arabic
role yes eleven that's a extreme exist
that's great so Nick you know you make
me a powerful with with a bonus die hey
dice thirty four what oh geez what is
that with a seventy five pow is that
just half yeah that is half okay yeah
that's a hard success okay good alright
yeah so yeah you feel like you have been
successful and with a hard success you
become aware of and actually the
headdress the headdress will ask you why
are you just why are you just taking
that thing out that is that is that is a
broadcasting to the universe hmm
what what sort of are there precautions
to take for that yes don't open the book
though gonna have to open it at certain
points from everyone else
oh that's good to know okay that thing
is a beacon to everything and nothing
that you want to know where you are
look I'm made of ice I saw what was
happening in that Harbor you were
followed by at least seven people yeah
everyone knows where you're going so
you're saying no harm done this time
that's the takeaway I'm look if you if
you want to just fool yourself that's
great but I want you to live I've made
all right well we'll have to think about
how we do this guy surprised if like
alligator headed horrible things show up
on this boat tonight to try and get that
book cuz that's what Egypt does huh okay
that's that's good to know
damn it
all right I'm gonna stay awake all night
provisions did you get did you get T the
boat can handle ya the vote will velvety
that's no problem okay tonight and just
make sure I'll get it
headed monsters don't come on the boat
good night Joseph great session really I
really appreciated really appreciate
this you you get some sleep now okay if
you're staying up I'd be happy to talk
to you some more about the book maybe
just finish this chapter if you're gonna
I mean what's the harm with finishing a
chapter yeah okay you want me to tell
you what the harm is oh okay I mean
every page you read of that book
unravels your mind a little bit
oh well that's gonna yeah okay yeah
let's finish this chapter
let's just get this chapter out of the
way then we're gonna put this on hiatus
but we're gonna finish this chapter
until the morning all right
Todd I don't notice so everybody who's
taking a watch which I guess is just the
three ladies at this point since the two
guys are gonna oh I'll be free towards
the morning right hello
so the four of you everyone youssef man
who's blissfully unaware make luck rolls
anybody gets a hard success nope but I
win I succeed oh I made it
oh that's amazing I succeed I smell a
fumble coming you know I got a 98 I'm
sorry
just what's your backup character heart
is kind of right heart is half yeah yeah
no I read not get a fartist well the
good news is you have another
inspiration from Lucifer arival tract
yep right so you're back up at 11:00 um
and he wants more madness well I can
deliver that yeah that's gonna we're
here free so in that vein so Alexandre
you are it's like 3:00 in the morning it
is dead quiet you are in a boat that is
it is essentially one it's a flat boat
with all your stuff in it and then
there's like one small room where all of
you are are you in the room or outside
of the room and I'm outside of the room
okay you when you went outside you
noticed the
silvano and Yousef were like huddled in
the back of the room with a lantern and
the book come and as you're walking
along make a listen roll okay
that's significantly better
that is a critical success Oh
critical success alright yeah I'm 10 you
here ace a very very faint splash at the
end of the boat is there a torch
anywhere on the boat no they really
frown on open flames oh no I'm
I meant the British version of a tote in
your room there are some in your pervy
that in the provisions that actually
Yusef make a luck roll let's see if he
bought anything other than food okay so
in 93 Oh Milo there you need someone to
make you a torch they frown on open
flame apparently I can't imagine why
it's just frown yeah all right I'm
sticking as close as I can to the light
the lights of the boat I'm going to go
and have a look drawing a dagger just in
case okay
make a sneak roll of stealth roll death
37 out of 40 I made it alright yeah you
are the night you you see one where
there were two guys who were running
this boat and you only see one of them
and he is like laying down as if asleep
and you're down by the you're down by
the tiller there's essentially like a
do I see any blood no no he says the
lilt at the end there I still moving it
carefully and quietly I'm going to get a
little bit closer to see if I can figure
out what's going on
all right as you are creeping closer
you see something that looks like a hand
reach over the edge of the boat oh wait
I can do my favorite thing I I always do
this at ATMs and Rachel hates it you you
see a hand just come in and pull that
guy that looked really good yeah and
pull that guy into the water and there
is just the faintest like the kind of
all right yeah I'm not gonna get close
to him to figure out what that is I'm
gonna very carefully make my way back to
the room okay and close the door behind
me and and like pick up pick up
something soft and throw it at the guys
to get their attention
hmm okay yeah guys I mean tomorrow is
just like huddled over this damn thing
yes if I think as soon as she throws
something at you the head just just says
I warned you oh is the alligator things
have I mentioned I can see the future
there's something in the water I don't
know what it is but we no longer have
boat men okay I will the rifle I want to
wake up June I mean I'm having to go
wake up Emma under everybody wakes up
you don't hear anything outside they
were very quiet
they were very stealthy they mostly just
reached up grab the people and yank them
into the water so we're very quietly
here's a good sniping perch on this boat
who has any sort of tactical mind to
them what do we do
somebody needs to drive the boat step
one drive the boat hey I know that's my
other character but I kind of want to
drive the boat with his pilot skills
yeah so I'll go drive the boat and
brandish my knife in the other hand cuz
that's it you're great you're going
alone to do you know I'll follow know
we're all sticking together okay I mean
someone ripped the roof of the soul yeah
there is like there's essentially a a
small room in the in the the flap of the
boat with all your stuff in it and then
a small room about you know that
basically the six of you five of you can
sleep in that's a bit like laying down
sleeping bags and so yeah you could
climb up on the roof of that the the
boat itself was literally just a tiller
and an outboard motor what's what's the
what's the lighting do they have any
it's dark out places what is the what is
the moon what is the moon right now yeah
we're going from a half I'm sorry we're
going from full to half so we're just
before half moon it's alright raining
gibbous yeah there is you know there's a
fair amount there's a you know there's a
lot of shadow it is not you know it is
it is not super dark is there a way to
slow the motor down without like I don't
know anything about this but like after
you know faster then we run into
something faster we need to know we need
to get ahead of the alligator men I'm
sorry the what what oh ho oh I mentioned
that to Yosef I didn't mention this out
to you me what what about a alligator
min they can swim just as fast as this
boat can go you can't out
swim alligator man man we don't know
that yet hold on
what's an alligator man I don't know but
I'm just saying is that it can probably
swim I think pasture is a good idea did
I mmm was there enough moonlight to have
noticed anything weird about the hand of
love whatever grabbed our boat person
made a normal success right mm-hmm
yeah doesn't matter came out of the
water not really no okay no outside of
the boat no I can't remain okay yeah I'm
with Emma
I'm not letting her go by herself we're
all gonna go to the oh let's go up yeah
I mean cuz there's we've gotta figure
out where the boat is and what we're
doing right now because if our guys are
gone this is piloted from yeah all right
it's piloted from the back of the boat
yeah almost level with the river
yeah there's no real there's no anything
it's literally just a tiller on the
engine do you do you want to take
position up on the top to kind of
protect us and guide us and then we get
back and pilot this thing no boy pilot
yeah okay I got drive Auto but not much
piloting so do you want to pilot it cuz
that's I'm assuming drive Auto might be
a little she's navigate not gonna lie
we're not in a good not a good situation
navigate I don't I might be a horrible
person at navigating I'm not gonna make
who's gonna take the rifle and sharp
shoot the water Oh Sylvia was right if
he's the best navigator well then he's a
beginner right now I'll just throw a map
of a river in front of humans look for
someone give me a boost I'm gonna boost
are you trying to get up on the roof
quietly
let's go quickly yeah I think us quickly
and frightenedly okay who is helping who
is giving him the boost you said this
all right I'm gonna be watching out I'm
watching out for things cuz stolen
because they are basically stepping out
of the little room one step to the side
of the door and he's boosting him up so
I'm gonna come out and be on watch
okay all right Joan and Yusuf both of
you make me let's call them grapple
okay fourteen that's gonna be a hard
success oh I got 53 which is underneath
my decks okay so everything's fine
you boost him up and both of you and
silvano can make spot hidden roles 39
standard success I got art success I got
extreme 13 woo
did you get a hard success Nick no
regular okay all right yeah professor
you would swear that a hand like came up
behind Silvano and he just happened to
like boost up in the hand like went back
down Oh seemed mysteriously the arm was
almost boneless up on the top did it
look like a tentacle I'm sorry it was
Youssef it was Youssef that it was going
after okay it looked like a tentacle a
boneless definitely had arm stuff to it
god no it was not like it was not like a
floppy tentacle but the there was a
there was a hand you know there was a
definite hand but then the arm itself
was oddly sinuous okay alright and so I
say it was clearly not human yeah yeah I
saw something tried to tried to grab
free serve on a bug
careful careful we've got to be careful
behind Silvano Yosef sorry I was
thinking both of them yeah
behind you you are now on the roof yeah
I want to be on the roof - who's gonna
bust are you just gonna try and climb up
yeah alright make a climb roll yay I
want dangling legs that's a that's a
failure 76
all right so things that I do when I try
and like now climb over a fence we are
like halfway up and your legs are
dangling down can I try to help pull
them up sure make a strength roll I'm
sorry Isis by trying to boost him from
below so you're gonna come out of the
room yes
all right so only Emma is in the room
now yeah okay so I rolled really poorly
so you both clear Alexandra and Jew
and Joan you both clearly see like that
same arm just barely reaching up for
Yousuf as Silvano like Yanks him up it's
like against against this it just zips
away okay
I did get my crowbar did not I think you
know he only got food food yep I didn't
get a crowbar there's a bad get hard I
do still have the staves on I don't want
to do that if I make me a spot he'd roll
okay are the Steve's in the room are
they with you Aaron my wood oh damn so
that's an extreme success because I
rolled a six all right with extreme
success the porthole on the other side
from the door is clearly opening so I'm
gonna let go of the tiller and run over
and try and shot it I'm assuming it's a
push hockey hockey drinkie hockey okay a
lot is it a Phyllis you are you are
outside of the boat you're at the back
of the boat like
okay and you say you have seen them like
climb up on the roof and all the stuff
it looks like something is opening the
porthole window opposite the door so
here's the door
yeah and goes on the other side god
yeah you're right I because I'm assuming
it would be if there's like a box in
front of me that would be kind of like
the building and then over here or over
on one side somebody's trying to come in
and on the other side of the door so it
would behoove me and so it's not like
I'm inside pushing a door closed I would
come around and hack an arm off all
right so you come the deck on the the
non door side yes and you come upon a
hero's my sanity go for it come upon
like a gosh it looks like some sort of
pudding there is just a gelatinous mass
that is kind of always moving and it
seems to have it seems to form hands and
and do this stuff and it is opening very
quietly the porthole it knows exactly
how to do it somehow mm-hmm and you can
sure you can plunge the sword into it if
you wish I want a hack at the if an arm
is coming out I want to hack it like
tack know between a porthole and
whatever so for a cult shot I'll give
you a penalty die okay never mind that
I'm stabbing it cuz yeah I barely can
bite anything I also have gonna scream
the puddings coming for the stone the
puddings coming oh no even though I am I
even though I'm better with drunken
sword fighting I'm still not hitting it
at 59 sputtering oh really inspire it
well I suppose we hang off your oh did
you get as I said you see Wilson Lucifer
will check gave us another one like a
while back oh yeah let's not lose the
pudding alright this is 11 so I don't
know what 11 is on a third so it's a
it's a hard success yeah that means
you're
do max damage that's a horse right yep
and yes max sandwich with the sword is
what like to d6 or something no the
sword is a d8 + your damage bonus I
believe which is nothing so you just do
max damage so it's a house with eight
okay so it's eight maybe a power rule as
we slice into this thing yeah
nope that's ah it's an 82 that's not
great right you so you would swear
mm-hmm as you cut into this thing for a
brief second it looks like you the
pudding takes on the form of you and
then the sword like like goes through it
and there's like a puddle effect like a
ripple through which I'm fine with
because as I know I am also a rabbit a
window door a fish a door let's make yep
I am a snake as well you're a magic
carpet for a while yeah I can fly so
everything all right
we're gonna go to initiatives now anti
because there because it has broken down
in Tulsa
I believe Alexandra has the first admit
what is your decks 75 so I think so
first I need Alexandra and Joan to both
make me decks rolls oh yes I got an
eight I am Sam
I got a 51 so success but not all right
yeah you both make it there is
another blind hand just reaches up onto
the deck like a floating body which is
amazing we didn't want to tell you
because I was like that's the bad it is
the hand this is the hand still on the
deck like looking around oh it just went
up and then went back down okay into the
water
so but I heard Emma yell right oh yeah
yeah Emma yelled something about pudding
alright so what kind of dude what kind
of clinic or anything here so sorry
Alexandra what are you doing I'm gonna
go back into the the room because she
said that she said that it was going
after the thing and I didn't see it come
past me so intuition says it there has
to be another way into the room so yeah
you you could you clearly see that
the porthole has started to open okay
I'm gonna go and try to close it and
like latch it shut
[Music]
alright you go towards the porthole so
make a strength roll oh no because
holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I got a six look at the
porthole oh yeah that's that is a
critical success nice
you just blam close the porthole is
there a latching mechanism so I can
latch it into place yeah who knows how
it opened it from the other side with
the latching mechanic you don't but yes
you latch you've with a six you have
latched that window shut fantastic
alright 770 sixties I'm 65 yeah Joan so
um is there any ores or wood or anything
on the deck that I could use as a as a
as a proto crowbar sure yeah you find it
work yeah cool it's more like a
poll-- yeah
okay so I have a polearm yeah alright so
um does that count as a crowbar is that
count as something else was a staff
it'll do a d6 perfect
alright so I am going to go around to
the outside of where the where the
porthole is to see if I can whack some
right so you come around the front of
the booth yes the other side and you see
the sort of Emma is glowing and as it
always does and it is sort of
highlighting this you're a decent
pudding this pile of goo that it is
currently coming out of as you turn
around the corner and mi is standing
there and yelling about pudding in the
stone all right so I'm gonna try to
whack it because you can smoosh pudding
it's true all right yeah I'm gonna give
you a penalty die because you ran all
the way around the boat what go ahead
yeah oh yeah that was a 96 all right the
penalty here come on make me a dodge
roll I'm not gonna dodge I can tell you
this no no no no 91 all right so you
take two points of damage
okay as Joan how much did you know
wildly mismanages the distance of this
and the length of this staff and just go
BAM and whacks you in the in the side
that was 60s 50s 40s I'm sorry
45 Dex Emma oh sorry 40 I forgot I was
looking at promenade deck sorry yeah so
I think Yusef and then is it you cept in
so long
45 so Silvano yeah I'll go across the
top to the pudding does this thing look
like it's hard to hit like it's a big
blob yeah it's not hard to hit all right
oh I'll just shoot at it okay make a boy
don't fumble this roll boy you can't no
you can't tell me what to do I don't I
don't fumble it but I don't make it
let's gunshot rings out does it does it
do anything
why did died so here's what happens the
bullet goes into the pudding about a
foot in and you see like this
spiraling hold it is slowly like
refilled in okay that's that's what I
was that's the main thing I was curious
about suggestions 45 that's use of his
45 yeah use a followed Silvano to the
edge of the boat yeah so what is
shooting yet yeah he's gonna try to do
that that trick that he he has in his
head from the book where he essentially
is doing the rapid aging spell with her
sure trying to see if he can age the BLA
makes me a power rule heroes and idiots
which for his power is a failure but I'd
25 is a hard success on power
alright so with a hard success so you
all see everyone not named Alexandra
sees like inside the inside this pudding
a globe forms and in this globe like
glows with a bright white light briefly
it's just like shines like that and
inside there's like a for lack of a
better word there's like a chunk of the
pudding that is now solid it's kind of
it's no longer like gelatinous it's more
fibrous that's working cyst or something
oh okay so Emma you're I'm gonna whack
it again damn it again with my sword
and I miss yep all right so I want to be
inspired I don't know I mean it was I
want to see because there's a chance of
making the power roll yes yeah I think
yeah I think yeah let's do it
all right you are down to eight please
nope I still miss it but I didn't do I
didn't do either the ami or the Emma so
that was a 35 and don't a me or iam all
right yeah so I don't want to spend
luck as the producer overhears like you
can spend like a much time Thomas is
taking my only joy you could push the
roll these other joy not for 8:30 not
all right so now all of you except
Alexandra have seen this thing lit up
and you are aware that this is not any
sort of human creation and and it's
really kind of terrifying so everybody
makes sanity rules
it is not great Cthulhu you should all
be thankful for that yes ten is a
success that is a set so high if you
made the sand roll you were gonna lose
one if you failed the sand roll you're
gonna lose three what happens if I got
an oo one you really feel fine about
things but you still lose the point of
sanity damn it
okay how did you roll a we rolling a d
thousand yes hey that makes the game
much harder I have a 250 in sword combat
alright so we're back to the top of the
line Oh alligator you clearly heard a
gunshot
outside it's it's a pretty distinct
noise and I know that particular rifle
so yes are there any other portholes in
this room
nope that is the only portal this is the
only room okay
that I'm gonna come out and come around
to see if I can help and figure out the
heck's going on when you come out first
idea Dex rule okay 36 that is a hard
success for me I'm rolling like crap I
don't usually do this I'm getting rid of
these dykes do keep them I like those
phrase I live inspiration sparkly dice
but no they've rolled two fumbles now
cool going back going back to my nice
frosted oh those are those are pretty
though so you because it because it
rolled a fumble you come out of the door
and you see some sort of lumbering human
figure pulling itself up onto the boat I
like to take a stab at it sure
yeah it rolled really badly so you get
real bad 25 PDF would cooperate with
me that is a hard success all right so
you do max damage which is let me get to
that part one day for plus two so six
points of damage
alright six points there is a weird
grunting sound alike okay and you have
sliced this thing really well make a
make a luck roll 41
just made it alright so you slice into
this thing and as you come out you have
smelled blood a lot this blood smells
very different mmm it doesn't smell like
coppers or something else that I that I
could equate it to a cynic there's like
a there's like a it's like an acrid
smell mmm okay I want to like turn and
check my knife in the moonlight to make
sure that it's not good
pitted with acid or something don't
drink it well I mean obviously you
you've got a hard success so sure so you
slice it out and you hold your dagger up
in the light and it seems fine but
that's when you notice that the blood is
clearly not red okay okay I believe Joan
is next yes
all right well I'm gonna take the or and
be a lot more careful this time I'm
gonna try to to squish this again all
right I got all zeros hey remember that
part about being more careful don't make
me a luck roll these dice are going away
first all right
no they're do they're do if you make the
luck roll you're not gonna hit wait you
know what I'm gonna make you an offer uh
you can hit Emma or you cannot hit Emma
what happens if you don't hit me
yeah that's a good question I was gonna
say Oh why's that pole I got pretty good
love way to find out I am NOT gonna hit
Emma all right so here's what happens
you come up here with this or you swing
wildly the pudding-like distends down
you over swing and you go over the side
of the boat that's why I was like what
happens if you don't hit me coz I still
have some hit points left well you are
now plunged into the Nile make a called
a strength roll to hold on to the or all
right now we find out if swim isn't
don't stand or not strain it usually no
strength I failed you have lost the or
yes in the shock of getting the water
yes all right that was huh shoes if you
have shoes on oh it's such a nightmare
to swimming shoes and wet socks oh no
what socks sir
No being serious here you ever tried
statement shoes silvano what are you
doing you just saw Joe Mountain got
something I've got something to aim at
on this thing okay somebody okay so an
aimed shot is is gonna be a penalty die
unless you take if you take the term -
oh no I'm taking the time I'm not right
you are AMI
okay perfect yeah yeah that's what
you're doing this turn okay sorry for
the confusion there no no well you said
you said this is so happy it's working
he's gonna keep doing it and keep trying
the spell and you keep trying to make it
mine or sick all right
you lose eight magic points make a power
rule 47 is a success regular success
okay you start to the the globe is
slowly growing as you are concentrating
and chanting in an awful awful language
that no one else knows and yeah you are
doing it but it seems whatever it's
doing it seems to be working yep you
just saw Joanne go flying is there a
life there should know hang on I'm dumb
dumb idea there should be a life
preserver no is there one oh no make a
local yeah it is nope there's not one
cuz it's 83 so with a hundred there
would be one but it's depleted yeah and
there's no other like long pole or
anything and how fast is the boat going
I can long pole just went over the side
of the boat okay so great dumb idea I'm
gonna turn this boat around I'm gonna
turn this boat around cuz you can't
behave alright so you are leaving the
pudding going back to the back of the
boat and going to the engine to turn the
boat oh yeah cuz I'm assuming we're
going fast enough that I can't
like somehow the pudding alright so yeah
you are going back to the engine and you
will you will start to turn the boat
around
yeah do you have any pilot skill nope I
have no skills pudding the pudding what
about the pudding the pudding with the
sword come on we gave you a magic sword
we made you a magic sword
yeah but Joanie is gonna drowned in the
Nile yeah but you you're just gonna run
her over with the boat that's gonna make
it worse I am afraid of that and that is
a high possibility so let's take care of
the pudding and then let's make a good
decision no I'm as instinct is to go
after Joan because she's overboard I'm
yelling Joan overboard beautiful so you
get back to the boat we will deal with
roles next round this round Chad gets
the engine and you are all set
on a 90 something on a very much faster
than then you know seemingly
superhumanly
the thing that you just sliced turns to
look at you and you are looking at I
mean you can make a making a cult roll
maybe or in archaeology yeah actually
let me those yeah my Cthulhu Mythos is
only slightly better than my occult well
enroll a cult roll it yeah no rolling
whichever one you make you'll get more
or less information okay
63 so I don't get anything all you see
is a horror of teeth this is some sort
of hit in one of those weird lucid
terror moments you're like is that an
alligator or a crocodile where it's
teeth you you don't really come to a set
answer but there is some sort of
horrible vertically based crocodile in
front of you and it lashes out at you
with its tail and you should make a
dodge roll I'm gonna make a dodge roll
25 I made it nice yes
so you feel its tail start to like
entwine you and you just sinuously slide
out and it is it is making this weird
like noise this low grunting kind of
noise and I think you're next
okay I'm gonna like as I spin out it out
of its grass I'm gonna try to take a
slice at it sure 66 is a regular
success Wow
alright I have really good knife Oh max
that's a six damage you have done twelve
points of damage to this poor guy he has
a family good for him he needs to stay
off of our boat yeah he's we know his
cousin the murder Turner we do indeed
good ol Mitch Mitch victorious so yeah
you slice this thing good there is now a
fair amount of ugly Brown brownish
greenish blood on the ground it's a
little slippery and then and the
grunting is starting to get louder that
was that the pudding finds itself very
much alone other than the people above
it trying to shoot it and it will make
me a power roll user if you to is a
success alright so
silvano here's what you see Yousef has
his hands out and there is like a globe
in this pudding in this gelatinous mass
that is he's like pointing at and all of
the sudden the pudding coalesces into
that globe and shoots up and just as
like all around his hands
and Yusef you your hands are now burning
there's like this this acidic burning
feel and you take five points of damage
and the the whatever the gelatin thing
is have compressed itself to be about
that big just around you sex hands so I
get advantage on shooting at it I'm
gonna make you an offer
uh let's see I'm gonna have advantage
shooting on it but if you miss you will
hit Youssef or you can take a normal
shot and you'll only hit Youssef if you
roll really badly so use if you want to
turn your hands kind of like you'll hold
those hands for as far away as possible
turn turn right through your hand might
hit a good shot the gun and he's like
he's just struggling as best he can to
get this off of his hands no hold still
oh oh this is so difficult
um I'm not gonna make a regular shot
it's I'm less likely to hit your hand
and if I take the advantage before Oh
God
so you know what we're gonna use
inspiration though will you have
inspiration or odds are very good I know
this is the normal shot this is not just
one success I'm sorry
just a hard success well that is
excellent that is max damage which is
managed for 12 right 66 something what
damage bonus yeah no I thought was +4
but maybe it's for
okay so that would be 16 damage ha ha ha
why he's struggling I just wait for the
scan just right so again the bullet just
like Silvano is like holds up the rifle
and he's like hold your hands up and
usurp is like what no and the bullet
goes right between your hands and stops
like right in the middle but is that the
was is there any of it that was a
solidified it doesn't appear at this
point oh no oh no succinctly put alright
that is gonna be you so okay he's
can he get his hands out of this is he
have any concept or just because layout
try tearing them out I mean you can try
a strength roll you could like I don't
know like get your hand up and try I
mean your foot up and try and like just
try the foot method put this hard on it
yeah use the edge of the deck use the
edge of the roof don't don't get your
foot in it so make a strength roll oh a
zero five there we go that's it Wow
extreme success okay so yeah yeah you
like an adrenaline-fueled moment you
like put your foot down and you just
tear your hands out and this ball of
things like sort of rolling down the
roof towards the back of the boat and on
that note I think we're gonna take a
break before Emma's turn oh so we will
be back and I don't know as long as it
takes
now it's like six six people using six
so we will be back shortly and somebody
won the we if they said it in the chat
somebody won the the deck which was
Frodo in the fourth frota the fourth one
meeting of the deck for the thing and so
congratulations bro to the fourth and
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
welcome back Internet friends it was we
took a break in the middle of combat so
we are gonna dive right back in Emma it
is your initiative did you say die die
right back in you are you are turn this
pilot hole oh I have none of these
skills excellent
what's that 0:05 why are you ringing
80,000 no it's zero yeah it's zero five
alright alright confused yeah you made
that box
no did I Cohutta won no pilots of this
boat around it's just taking you know
longer than it takes someone who
nice little Trump Oh God Oh was that a
mouse hanging from his mouth what
happened no I think that was dribble you
are the worst
that was not applied is the worst I love
him yeah but it's coming your way
um the bottom snot no do you what's your
swim skill oh ha ha
June is it 24 her size will make me a
swim role let's see oh I got 18
seriously you are you're keeping your
head above water
um you are watching the boat kind of
going away you know the length between
you and the boat is ever increasing yeah
well I'm gonna try to swim toward it
okay yeah you made your swim roll so you
will start swimming this round actually
this was just to get above water you
are above water now next right we'll
start swimming towards the boat which
will be coming towards you so now it
is it is back to the top so lizard thing
is going to take a swipe actually lizard
thing starts to hiss in some horrible
ancient language and and turns to water
right in front of you there's just a
splash and there's like a little bit of
a puddle on there and most of it goes
into the Nile hmm okay we have
vanquished it
good job I mean it's pretty hurt maybe
sure I what are you gonna do I mean I
can't I I could try stabbing that water
I I guess it's true you can stab the
Nile
I'm not going to stab the Nile is there
anything
it came hmm as it's turning to water and
likes flowing away is there any way that
I can take that I can like hit the water
before it starts hitting the Nile like
I'd react of opportunity I think so I
was trying not to invoke those very
words Clyde's jealous if I'm much camera
time Astrid God sure you can make a
knife roll I'm yeah that's a critical
success I got a 13 out of 71 okay so you
do double damage roll you're double
damage 2d fours all right that is five
do i double the added as well or is it
just the double the dice
double your double so roll your dice
total women all that okay so I'm sorry
I'm not working with the real paper um
so I rolled a five my usual damage my
usual thing is plus two so is it plus
four yeah
okay so nine okay well wait you you
rolled a five I rolled five total okay
gotcha yeah so yeah you do so the thing
is like hissing in this horrible
language and you just somehow super fast
you reach out and you like give it a
stab right before it turns to water and
it like looks at you with this shocked
face as it like grabs where you stabbed
it and it falls over backwards turning
into water as it goes all right well
that's something
yep 60s that's Joan so make me a swim
role Joan okay let me try this again I
know you checked off swim right I did
check off swim good I rolled eighteen
once again I did I did weighted Deitz
are really paying off it really zoomed
in so yeah you are you are slowly
doggy paddling your way back towards the
boat you are staying ahead of the
current of the of the Nile and yeah
since you made the roll you would swear
that the boat is coming around like
you're like looking at the side of the
boat now but we have some bits to deal
with Oh Lucifer V check once again comes
in with 500 bits so that puts you to 9
and then Malcolm X cow oh wait yeah
Malcolm X calves 502 the player by the
way
Lucifer gives you the bits because you
should stab the Nile Malcolm X calves
504 the players you are all awesome no
thank you thank you so much oh we're
snick except you know me yeah no I mean
I've which I've tested ballistics jelly
or something at this point I brought
this all upon us so sorry God headdress
told you ha and then tamago Torah has
100 bits for the GM because you guys are
rolling - well you know what there's
losing three I agree
well Tiana's rolling really well I mean
she freaking she's made to swim Jones
made to swim rolls and she can barely
swim yeah I have 71 in knife skills it's
not it's it's actually a lot easier for
me to make knife rolls it has Jones
stabbed the Nile and apparently there
was also one more from before the break
was that the one word Amy taught me how
to pronounce Louisville check I think
that might have been that one possibly I
think I'm in a good mood I'm gonna give
it to you you guys have eleven
inspiration yeah Jones swimming that's
no problem so we're back to Silvano yeah
I'm looking for something that we can
either something like rope that we can
throw to Joan or something that I think
is long enough that we can dip down to
her I'm on the top so I can I've got a
good vantage point okay so you're
looking for a rope or anything make a
spot hidden rule yes regular success all
right yeah sure you will find a great
length of rope at the front of the boat
okay cool
I will then I'll hop off my perch or
fall off however I know man try me
yeah you're heading there so Yusef what
are you up to I like by the way I'm
pointing at the picture on my screen as
if like Tom knows that I'm like and now
it's you at all yeah we all understood
you're practicing you're practicing your
telepathy yeah that's right yeah you
said this is great for Tiana always
reminding me in on the podcast I have a
bad habit of not using the character's
name this is good practice I have to do
the same thing when I'm when I'm running
gee I mean because it's like okay uh
ever do what well Youssef knows it it
went away but he doesn't know if it's
gone gone yeah they just put it at the
front of the boat and it rolled towards
specially the back towards worthy he's
gonna he's running back there he wants
to see if he can see it where it went to
it is still there he's he goes back yeah
you will see so you will arrive in time
to see the the gelatinous mass
slithering down slithering down towards
the it comes down off the roof and it
slithers down the deck of the boat back
towards the door if you could still see
it he's gonna try one more time to see
if you can make it aged it and make it
feeble and firm again try that spot I'm
gonna give it a dodge roll because it's
moving but go ahead make your power rule
all right 79 is a success just bury so
you creep it it rolled a critical
success on its dodge roll and on north
so you will throw the globe down and a
section of the the deck of the boat like
the would just splintered and like
starts to wither that was Emma yep so
I'm I'm gonna continue to turn the ship
around there you go you you have no you
don't need to you are perfect the boat
come around and you are now silvano at
the front of the boat with the rope so
as long as nobody's trying to kill you
rescuing Jones should be a very easy
thing oh I'm going to do something
stupid so on a on an inhumanly fast Jim
you feel yourself pulled down into the
water okay a make a Khan rule yeah you
would not like this no all right so you
get it you're surprised by being yanked
down in the water and you're you are
breathing water currently and you are
like fighting your way trying to get
back up you will take two points of
damage it's too dark you guys have you
guys don't actually know where Joni is
become you sort of have an idea but you
can't really see her so that's gone my
stupid decision all right we're gonna
start with Alexandra okay there's a
puddle there's a so make a spot heating
rule okay 74 is probably not gonna do it
all right now so this the pudding that
is coming around towards the door where
you are you it looks just like the water
okay I'm mm-hmm
I don't want to leave the door because I
know that things are trying to come
after what we have inside the cabin so
I'm gonna post up by the door and just
like keep watch okay that is entirely
appropriate that will be Joan so Joan
you make a string Kroll to fight your
way back to the vocal yes
Oh barely three yeah oh man
all right this thing has now fumbled
three times whatever was holding you by
the foot has just let go completely
okay our back up at the top yeah you you
take out you gasp a big thing of breath
you you probably think noise will be the
best way for them to find out okay that
was 60s Silvano what is good I don't
have to give away my position I was
gonna start scouting can I tell which
listening is so hard yeah yes I don't
think it's you made it yeah you can yes
yeah
okay so III maneuver to the side of the
boat sure and how it looks like the
boats gonna come around so you're gonna
be on the inside of the turn does it
does it sound like we're coming up on
her quickly or no it sounds like so it
sounds like she is a little bit away
okay cuz I'm gonna want to shout to her
to grab it when she's sure no choke now
um make me an intelligence roll I know
but she's gonna need time to to get
towards I like the addition of I know
there no this is stupid like
do I need to I didn't need to actually
roll - no this is stupid no no okay I
mean so the only thing that I was going
to point out is that without something
tied to the rope you're just throwing a
string in the water somewhere near her
what I can double wrap the one end
around my arm and nothing could go wrong
and that I've in the water
no no roll the intelligence roll please
there are thoughts that you need to have
oh this is no I'm brilliant I know this
is a great idea I'm gonna be the anchor
right into the water
this is great I'm gonna shout - Joan -
grab the rope when I throw it towards
her for the rope yeah yeah this will be
great I just make a strength check to
see if I can hold on to it that's all
you need all right
that's what's gonna happen soon Yussef
what do you do it
Yousef is looking for where it went
where did it go where did it go he's
weathered up the deck in the direction
of the cabin in the door kiddies can you
see it right now or does he have to get
up the roof you need to get off the roof
he said climb down quickly to try to
chase it basically all right since it is
pretending to be a puddle right now and
o76 is that gonna do it no he does not
see it there's a lot of liquid on the on
the deck right now he's looking for it
he's gonna keep looking around sure you
are you are turning the boat around
yeah make a spot he'd rule please Oh 23
let me see if that's anything more than
two my spot hidden is 86 so 23 is
definitely hard success but not a
critical success nice with a hard
success you clearly see you know the
gelatin thing sliding off the deck
towards the door
okay like it rolls off the roof kind of
close to you immediately is it coming up
behind Alexandra yes okay so I shout
Alexandria look out it's coming it's
behind you and then is there any way I
can slow the engine down a little bit
cuz I don't want to accidentally like I
know that we're gonna miss Joan and that
I know again not the brightest person
but I know that if you drive by way too
fast you definitely can't pick somebody
else
right okay sure may just roll me and
don't fumble to like accidentally turn
the engine off okay
64 is not a fumble yeah you're good you
are you are slowing the boat enough and
you know you're factoring in the fact
that you're about to go downstream yep
so yeah you are you are well in control
and all right Joan you feel top of
the lineup right yes you should make a
dodge roll Joe try it
oh I rolled the Krunk dice sorry sorry
about two tens I know that feel you get
it you get a four zeros in a row exactly
what is that oh yes I got 28 so I'm good
nice was that a hard success for wait
which one am i looking for are just a
success to hit you so you need a hard
success to beat it no it's a regular so
you feel some sort of horrible pain in
0:08 points of damage and you are I mean
let's just say it you are in the mouth
of a crocodile right now thanks
eight points of damage eight points of
damage
what shoot
is that like half your hit points yes
okay make sure I have the right dose
this time okay yes mm I made it a nice
hard success but not an extreme you you
remain conscious but like your vision
goes white with pain and the the shock
of because it's not only that the
crocodile bites you but then there's the
immediate shake that comes with it yeah
yes yeah it's got me here disoriented
all right that was super fast it's to
Alexandra
who's fast but not super fast at so I
heard Emma
yell that right I want to turn her and
see if I can spot this thing that's
behind me
sure you know what there's there's water
on the ground that's moving it is not
that hard like if you're looking for it
you can see it so yes you clearly see
some sort of mass of liquid on the
ground that is purposefully moving it's
kind of weird you haven't made a Santa
you roll for this there yet so you
96 all right it makes sense cuz new
stuff does that make sense
or points of sanity oh okay and there's
a man and you are just having Peru
flashbacks yeah and you don't want to be
anywhere near here it is only at well
I'm not gonna say that for your
character like if there's something
that's keeping you at this door I'll
allow it but you want to be as far away
from whatever that is as you can be yeah
I want to be as far away from the
doors I can be but behind that door are
the staves and the book and all sorts of
things that I do not want this thing
getting a hold of so I want to leave but
I'm if there's a way to not leave I'm
going to stay no you will not leave but
you're gonna have a penalty die on to
everything you do again only against
this thing because it works it is
everything that you fear and hate and
see at night when your eyes are closed
and you're at your weakest you know that
what is happening here all right that is
gonna be Silvano yeah my close enough to
throw the rope sure make me a spot
hidden rule oh yeah part success hey is
that crocodile why is the water so why
is the water turning Joan there's blood
in the water
important I see I see Joan yes you
see much of Joan okay yeah I I throw the
rope not as much as there used to be but
much of her yeah I throw the rope okay
make a make a throw rule there's no
there's no anchor there's no weight on
this you're just what do you mean go hey
I'm the anchor the anchor well there
needs to be weight on the end you're
throwing otherwise you're just throwing
that's why you know the life preserver
on the end is the thing that is that
helps the women is there any is there
anything nearby no you then I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna have to do my best
with what I've got
all right got a large right so roll roll
I need this to be inspired or not what
is okay throw 13 is a regular success
all right so who knows how he
is one of the most improbable things
anyone has ever seen as Silvano wraps
the rope around his arm and then like
backhand throws he goes Joan and the
Rope like goes flying in the air and
lands within your reach
yay desperation yourself what are you
doing you see he's still chasing a
thing with Emma's pointed it out you
said might be able to see it now right
sure
he says try to zap it one more time
before it gets too close to Alexandria
all right go ahead and make a power roll
he'll yell out his creepy crazy ancient
language and point his fingers at it to
try to make it yeah 23 would be a hard
success you beat it so yeah you hit it
and this time you like the globe sort of
encompasses it's it's elongated and the
globe encompasses like the middle of it
and the middle of it starts to harden
and shrink and the whole thing is kind
of like stopped and it's sort of
writhing it's it looks
unfortunately for Alexandra it looks
even more like one of those maggots now
yeah so Emma you see the rope go flying
out and and and wait is that crocodile
no it's an alligator is it attached to
Joan still the crocodile is yes pretty
pretty attached okay
oh you lose oh man you lose eight more
magic points Yosef is out zero right so
only only Alexandra well though Emma and
Alexandra will see this Yusef like says
things in her language you don't
understand he points at the thing and
then he just passes
there will contour something
oh no magic point you are unconscious
he's at zero okay and all I see is a
Zack rocket I have a half Joan half
crock yes I don't see Alexander running
away from the I'm not running I'm
this is going great guy boat trip we've
ever taken a trouble at one door trouble
in the front trouble in the back never
no I'm seriously about to have an Amy
Ryder where it's like nope no boats yeah
where's the Manchus I have some really
bad news about how to get to Shanghai
some sort of plane we're taking a remain
I'm so tired of boats what is this a
trance Iberian express the mmm-hmm but
like 24-day train ride sure all right so
the only thing I see is Joan so I'm
going to but we've got her
we've got her so I don't take rope yes
she has grounded whoa
I mean you're not the only one that's
got her he's part of the problem no
speed up please don't speed up please
I'm not gonna speed up I'm actually
gonna leave the boat because I'm
assuming we're going back up straight so
if I leave the rudder it should be
relatively straight Oh God as far as you
know is there anything to kind of tie it
off or at least like stop it from doing
this like how it might do yeah you can
you can find something you can spend
this term lashing the rudder
okay I'm gonna lash the rudder before I
go out and beat a crocodile all right
uh-oh Joan Joan Joan let's see here I'm
gonna give you a I'm gonna make you an
offer that's here that's here try and
fight your way out of this thing or you
can try
and strength your way out of this thing
if you fight your way out and you're
successful
it'll have to make a role to stay
clamped on you if you strength your way
out and you're successful you're
probably gonna take some damage ouch
these all right so my my choice is if I
if I fight like to use brawl yep you're
essentially like punching it in the nose
as they may be trying to get to good go
but if I try to strength it you're like
ripping your singing awesome I'm gonna
punch it cuz I'm that's that's what I do
all right make a fight brawl all right
it's not even gonna dodge because
yes I made it
I got a 36 out of 47 as my phone right
for a punch is a d3 plus your damage
bonus so go ahead I have no damage bonus
so I have a day three so I roll a six in
half yes one but I think use one of my
inspiration to help this poor crocodile
I really helps that crocodile so you
punch it getting addicted it takes the
damage and it will not let go okay we're
pulling up a crocodile yep man it might
be time to use some JD Mathews
inspiration here my last one my last my
last kill a character inspiration didn't
expect that well the crocodile is gonna
try and death roll you and Nick I'm
sorry and Silvano what
we'll get to that but you see
silvano and and people who are an EMA
the crocodile has EMA in its jaws and it
just starts flipping over diddly yeah
I'm not going in a death roll yet yeah
yeah Joan had and I don't even make a
con role Joan all right oh my god
everything everything okay I made it
alright forty you remain conscious as
you are repeatedly like thrown under
water and all this stuff you take
another eight points of damage
ah just that's too much alright so yeah
so here's what happens you take a major
wound yep so we're playing with Pope
rules and that means that the first time
you would die you take that major wound
now you're still low hitpoints you know
so it's gonna be bad
but the next time you would die you know
you are a croc food all right so what is
not what is was my hit points were right
now then they're still zero so yeah
gotcha gotcha you should get away you
know getting away from this is in
yeah that was didn't even need the
inspiration that was the good crocodile
all right um
silvano make me a strength rule as that
hard success hard success nice all right
not that weak a hero had to be good at
something she above water
don't make me a strength rule Joe no I'm
sorry Joe make me a string fault Oh so
yeah so the croc is like rolling over
and over does the rope is like being
around it and Silvano like just Yanks
himself
all right you are still holding on to
the rope yes oh I made an extreme
strength roll serious all right well I
haven't wrapped around my arm so I
didn't going nowhere
all right with an extreme strength roll
you you hold on to that rope with all of
your might and and Silvano doesn't move
at all and he is just a he's a he's a
rock there and please don't die gosh
no I'm I'm I'm so you got an extreme
roll all right I'm gonna let you tell me
you got an extreme strength roll how do
you get out of this well what I was
thinking that I could do is if I kicked
off the crocodile just like pushed do it
with my foot and kicked off they might
be able to to to pull me up at that
point sure you made the extreme you made
the great roll so that's it yeah you
like both your legs you push off the
crocodile you feel how close to death
you are and with literally your last
effort you grab that rope that is now
like taut between a crocodile on one end
and a New Yorker on the other end and it
is a tug-of-war between a very strange
tug-of-war and you are literally like
one hand dragging yourself next as
you start to assess like what is going
make me a luck roll I'm pretty got some
I got some good luck going so hopefully
this will come on yes I just made it
alright I have 72 luck still so two
fingers of your non-dominant hand the
bottom two fingers are gone and the left
side of your body is just it'll you know
like shark attack victim there is a
gaping wound all there your right hand
is slowly pulling you up that rope
towards the boat and since I kicked with
one of my legs I could try to get that
over and go or we're just going you're
you're you're heading towards sweet
crocodile like kind of hasn't even
realized you're gone yet and is more
fighting against the rope now and trying
to like figure out what's going on and
ringing its that alright let's let's
bring in the rest of the initiatives
here because we still have some other
stuff to deal with we did that we did
that I think we're back at the top no
sorry yeah we're back at the top so uh
yeah there's a Yusef just passed out
there's some sort of wriggling gross sea
cucumber ii thing on the ground in front
of you and you know there's some yelling
about joan grab the rope open the four
up at the front okay there's nothing
that I can do about what's happening at
the front because everyone who can is
there so I'm gonna take a stab at the
maggot thing and just like yeah you you
don't even need to roll it is it is held
in place essentially so you just stab
this thing and it's almost like a
balloon popping but like a weirdly
tangible balloon and so there's this
it's like a slow-motion pop it's yeah I
make just like this horrible little
noise in the back of my throat just like
my my throat just burning at that do I
have disavowed the pedal to die on that
yeah damn yeah 87 all right whoa you
lose three more Sam now fight flight or
flee because you've lost five in a short
period of time I am I'm in fight mode
yeah you are just so nobody really
sees this but you are just wild-eyed you
have two daggers out and you were just
like spinning you're on a swivel you're
just like you know you're breathing hard
your eyes are wild and anything that
comes near you is gonna get stabbed oh
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all right that is now sorry Joan so
make me a strength role yes
thirty-two so yes yeah you have now
pulled yourself almost to the boat the
left side of your body is currently
useless yeah it's done you know you're
you're literally just like you've every
pull you feel like is this the one I'm
gonna die no maybe no she is close
enough now where Silvana you could
probably start to yank her up okay yeah
um Emma can you hack at the alligator
alligators he says yeah they are there
okay if you pull her up you'll be
actually that's a good point you are
currently in a stalemate with an
alligator so if actually you go to pull
her up there's a chance the alligator
could pull your pull you in
Oh call for help
yeah ma you're there right not yet run
around Youssef is about Emma and
eyebrows when I'm pulling her I am gonna
try and pull her up though your own
floor oh you're gonna need to make me a
strength rule okay because you are now
moving when the whole regular success
all right so you very carefully are able
to move ahead let's have this thing make
a strength roll Oh God yay yay or boo
think somehow a crocodile is drowning at
the rope in the back of it so unlike its
snout is now like shut with this rope
and it's like stopped moving
it's just like trying to figure out what
is going on I'm a Hackett get over here
in Hackett the crocodiles are ways away
you know get in the Hackett yeah okay so
I've made my way to the front and as
soon as Joan gets within distance I will
pull her onto the boat okay yeah that is
no problem you get you get Joan up uh
Jodi's in a bad way like in the sort of
way that when you look at her she gets
me she gets scared by the look you make
when you see you know that she wasn't
sure about her mortality until she sees
you like look at her like how are you
still alive mm-hmm yeah and I grabbed
her by like the belt buckle or whatever
so not to touch any of the stuff oh yeah
a surprisingly careful Emma you've got
to stick your thumbs in the holes that's
your job all right
okay your medicine if so silvano if you
don't do anything else this crocodile
has had enough of all of this and it is
just gonna like float down the
unless you really want to like you know
put in and have boots made or something
ooh enchanted crocodile man boots
chanted it's a stupid crocodile no we'd
have to achance them yeah attending
tending to Joan is the height all right
so you let go of the rope and the
crocodile starts to recede Oh actually
the crocodiles trying to get away the
boat is following the Crockett this
crocodile that was like why won't they
leave me alone crocodile just wants to
get away from you and the boat is just
inexorably traveling back down the Nile
so I'm gonna bring us out of initiatives
how long how long have we been traveling
on the boat this was about four hours
okay so we're not it doesn't make sense
to go back no probably not okay I mean I
mean there are probably better hospitals
in you know you're not sure how Jones
gonna feel about a camel journey through
the desert
she loves that doesn't raise your
spirits no I think we should go back to
Cairo
so that would raise her spirit yeah
where's everybody else
no no Youssef is down on the deck
passing out near Alexandra who nobody
wants to go near this is there is there
a relatively civilized place that we're
heading to do we think there's hospital
yeah we're going back right you know you
know very little about the village that
you're gonna stop in a village okay
you said to say village there is no
major medical facility in in the town
that you were near may do so salvager
writes on the boat
sure it's our boat now let's go back we
love boats how do we park the boat
though once I bring us back to Cairo
how do I part where do I the water land
parking lot you can do do a neat little
skit and go into Harper yeah shed so
first aid who is anyone particularly
good at first aid is gonna wake you sup
will come too so there will be so like
right as Alexandre is kind of coming
house of murder dance like you wake up
and Alexandre is standing about five for
you to rain it away from you
just wild-eyed with her knives out call
me that one more time what happened what
[Laughter]
even I know this is beyond my yeah we're
relatively safe for the moment but
things like all things things are
looking a little bit bad for Jonah we
should go find out let's go let's go
let's go to the front
am I still in murder mode you won't
leave the door ya know I'm still there
like go deal with it you suppose first
aid I have some yeah well Yossi wants to
try as well sure everybody that watched
you can take a chance to accept me
figure I can't do my own myself I got 34
which is nice look at that
silvano so I was like let me show you
how it's done
get my skill up in this yeah seriously
I think you fit you made the first skill
check the first time you had it that was
the problem no I feel it but I got it
checked off again and I'm waiting for
another shot so Joan you will now you're
stabilized like Silvano it starts like
making who knows where he gets them
bandages like ripping up random shirts
he finds and just anything he can find
around that side manner you've ever seen
and there is I mean you now Joan realize
like really realize that your hand your
left hand has been mall yeah so I'm just
kind of like yeah so my my hand is mild
and my side is mauled you're in a bad
shape my legs are still okay but by side
in my hand or just yes yeah yeah so yeah
you will head you will head back to
Cairo you'll get in in the morning and
I'm guessing there's a fun conversation
at a hospital as you since you bring
Joan to the hospital she fell in the
Nile alligators a derp yeah you'll talk
to people
yeah duh my deaf American tours that's
all you have saying there you go to
Cairo sorry I don't actually mean that
about Joan but it's a good cover so it's
gonna take the the hospital wants her to
stay there for a week
oh boy we need some space beam guys
where's your backup character yeah
yeah we're gonna call Rogers this is an
option Joan if you wanted to bring your
backup character in here and then how
when the professor has sort of come back
you know and rested appropriately
because you have suffered a you know a
grievous wound and so either it's gonna
be a week of a kind of downtime and you
know so I do think this might be an
appropriate time to in the next session
have your next carrot have your backup
character show up okay right the Acrobat
yes yes I
who gets the staves now the headdress
the headdress will tell you that you
need those staves and I wonder why why
do I need them because if the kid has
the book and the staves he can do
horrible horrible things can we season
the staves why would you do that it's
true but there's Dave's they have no
power ooh yeah what's wrong with you I'm
afraid of having the power to I don't
know what I could do with the staves you
need every tool at your cat your hands
to just survive this I have one spell
that I can cast I can teach you more but
if you don't have those staves it's
gonna take a little bit of you every
time you do it don't tell me about the
spells first like there's no point in
having them if I if I can't even use
them what do you want to do I can I can
sorely specific yeah
or or I mean he'll horrible wounds well
I mean so the problem is that healing is
really just transference go on so you're
saying that you don't not to be
transferred I mean bodies heal so if you
want if you want to heal ahead of time
it's essentially someone else taking
that wound into themselves those knaves
would let you take the wound and put
them in the stays I run everyone else
guys I I think I have something I think
what okay okay
I I saw this I said this to Joan and I'm
going to say it to you no one is getting
that's how I run Dede I think so infused
I mean I think I can take the charges
from the staves and use them to to
displace her injuries then place them
where it's it's the transference of
energy that's for one point to another
but where would this other point be are
you taking the words upon yourself
no into the staves and weren't you
freaked out about weren't you completely
concerned about getting power sucked
from you I mean now that you're the
owner of the staves charging them is
that the owner of those days okay oh
whatever
Wow that got spicy quick
I'm just taking all the bits of our soul
that have been ripped out without our
knowledge and using those to repair
homes our sauce is nothing ripped apart
nonsense
our souls are fine although this is
ambient willpower energy our souls
find yourself man I I used up all of my
own personal power just trying to age
that portable horrible creature if I had
those staves I could have done a lot
more
I'm very limited by my own personal why
don't I know
them permanently I just need them to try
and fix Joan and what would you do
yeah do you know how to do this because
I feel like well you can barely roll a
medicine check I'm sorry I'm sorry you
can barely bandage anything rephrase
that
sorry back in character you've I've seen
you put your thumbs and wounds before
and now you're gonna use a medic so
you're gonna use them to then try and
fix somebody I'm just saying at the time
only needed space me I was out in the
dreamland
I was I was in her situation just a mere
three days ago
now I'm fine now also we need to use
otherwise if we go into the dream lands
we will happen buddies
shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up we can be bound we can
be found by things that aren't bound by
the rules they're bound by here Emma
already killed that thing and nothing
happened to us other than a we had a lot
of the time we read some books the train
went through you know you had a
wonderful time the rest of us had a very
difficult time you're completely fine
how about this I will go and I'll take
Jenna through the treatments the two of
us will be prickly find a tower should
be healed that's better than anything
else you're discussing I hope from my
idea your idea if you believe you will
work I'll support Sylvio he's a very
knowledgeable and wise spell caster if
you can try it at least but if not let's
just use the space need eight hours
Jerry's not injured in in space made
land Jones injured here you have to fix
her here I was I was as well don't you
remember
you weren't missing any parts though my
that was and you think so horrible
injury there's still a little bit of
scarring from that right yeah
we're still not healed from that I'm
perfectly fine so so no we need we need
to take it a step beyond what space meet
it is even incapable of well and here's
the other question we got the space made
from the person that you stole the book
from he doesn't know the book is missing
does he it doesn't know are you sure I'm
absolutely sure then you can go and talk
to him and ask him for the space made
I'll certainly do that okay he wants to
roll the dice he can take the chance by
himself okay okay we have a fixed going
before he gets back with that horrible
space meet I'm not sure what you're
proposing but if you want to try it I'll
support you if that doesn't work then
let me do my plan I'll go with Jonas at
the dream lens we'll be fine eight hours
everything way back to normal you don't
have to come it's fine no Livius to the
horrible things that happened there was
no horrible things that happen is enough
of funny rabbits and a snake you know a
lot of conversation just because we
don't tell you about the horrible things
doesn't mean they didn't happen lying's
we found Emma Prime
she's now NIDA Chris that's what
happened no but she's not in the dream
island anymore is she no but God knows
what's gonna come out of the dream line
this time and find us let's listen we
knew it works all of us came out just
fine
it will be one way that we can heal John
I'm willing to support Silvio's idea if
you don't know a ritual of some sort
I'll be very happy to help you with that
yeah we can we can try your idea Savano
as long as you then don't keep the
staves I don't I don't think it's wise
to keep the staves with any one person
well keep the staves and another
powerful magic item with one person it's
it's just for doing this all right then
we can do that will you teach me the
spell
Oh headdress of eyes or some I'm happy
to I all I want is for you to have these
abilities but did I hear you were gonna
give the staves back just just for the
time being means I mean they're they're
not gonna not be available they're just
not gonna be immediately available
that was non-euclidean grammar that
you're able to appreciate that fine
here's the deal we need to go to the
hospital where you're where Joan is your
friend and you have to put me on her
all right let's go so you'll head to the
hospital
you have the staves is anybody else
going letting him go by himself
Oh Yosef yeah you're in charge of taking
notes oh good tell me that and you get
to the hospital and the headdress says
you should sit down okay yeah so you all
see
silvano sits down and they immediately
desert and that goes on for an inn
comfortably long time and I worked way
the Drule we're not going public are we
we're in a corset or not you're in a
you're in a private hospital room okay
[Music]
it's been a minute and he's still
shaking okay my knife might the sword is
out just ready to stab anything that
isn't any of us and a human being yeah I
have a dagger
and just sort of balance between my
fingers going I don't think that covers
everything yeah you're ready to stab
anything yeah that is that gives
indication of being living
all right so about about two minutes
Solano you pop you you wake up it feels
like no time has passed and you you know
the right of transference okay
write that down silvano are you okay
very much not okay make a sanity roll
sorry mate
oh is that a roll to lie then after well
let's see how the sanity roll goes eight
all right oh wait yep oh you're
surprisingly okay with this you lose
huh oh it was it was teaching me that's
how it teaches you okay those those
staves yeah you you prepare the writer
so the right of transference is it's a
six hour ritual gets me okay so you are
you are standing in front of knock first
you've got bathroom yeah you are
standing over her bed with the staves
like crossed over her and you start
chanting and there is what follows is
six hours of chanting okay during that
time I want to like Tapio sip on the
court on the shoulder and talk to you
for a second taking notes can I talk to
you for a second I'll take over the
note-taking he's he's he's chanting and
none of us understand it anyway
I've got all the chip the entire thing
written down it's repeating Safari is
repeating that's that's 217 times okay
I'll just keep taking it for you
ditalion
I'm sorry I shouted I'm I'm tense and
I'm terrified and all of this is very
much beyond my Ken and I have seen what
happens when people take all of this
lightly and it doesn't end well finally
it ended the universe last time no it no
it didn't human beings have stopped this
horrible thing at least four times in
the past history
no I mean in the universe that Emma and
I came from it ended the universe I have
I have watched this I have watched a
world die
I watched all of the lights go out in
rapid succession and I never want to see
that again
well as long as we stop this horrible
thing from happening that we can stop we
can stop that I we have to do everything
that we possibly can what you really you
really shouldn't be afraid of this week
I'm sorry I think being I think being
afraid of it is the only way that we can
handle it with any degree of safety
understanding the moon yosef listen to
me please handling this as if it's live
dynamite with the with the fuse lit is
the only safe way to handle this I agree
that that we need to have that we need
to use every tool that comes to our hand
absolutely but treating this as if it's
a day at though at the circus where
nothing can possibly go wrong is a very
fast way to kill a universe again I
think I understand what you're saying
but I don't think this that's an act
analogy because there's there's things
that we've learned and we have to use
what we've learned to help us we
shouldn't learn it then forget it
Norris no I I completely agree
we are learning the things that we are
learning because we need them and that's
fair but treating it as if it's nothing
more than an algebra equation that's
easy to solve and then you know let drop
that is a way to die very quickly and
very painfully and I don't want to see
that happen with us I care about this
group entirely too much to see us die so
all we will use every tool that we can
get our hands on absolutely even that
book that terrifies me absolutely but we
need to be careful we need to treat it
as if it is a live explosive in our
hands I think we've been careful I just
my fear is this caveman was afraid of
fire but fire was a useful tool these
things we're finding these are more
powerful than we can comprehend but
these are tools we must use and we must
try they are bigger than our universe
they are bigger than the multiverse
they're bigger than all of the worlds on
top of each other but they're bound by
rules and so we're doing our best within
the rules as we can my my fear is that
you say you know use the space meet and
go off into the dream lands we did that
and I mean I'm glad that you had a good
experience with it I really am and
you've got a lot of useful knowledge out
of it the rest of us did not have such a
good time with it we were in different
time speeds and it was bad I hear you
I'm sorry that I can't share your vision
for the space but do keep in mind of
just taking a boat ride is dangerous
yeah going to sleep in a hotel is
dangerous
I'm walking to a mosque is dangerous
anything we do is dangerous we can't be
afraid we know something works we must
we must proceed there there's a
difference between the danger that
follows us because we are
on a path to stop the black Pharaoh and
deliberately going and dancing around in
front of it saying this is gonna work
you can't hurt me and that's what is
impression you have and I'm very afraid
for you for us because it feels as if
I'm fearful that you just don't
understand I mean I don't understand I
probably won't because I haven't had the
same experiences I haven't read that
book and I never intend to but I am
alright with not understanding I am
alright with saying you know as best as
I can I'm going to help keep us grounded
okay I'm not sure how to respond to that
just just don't kill me you know I'll do
the best I can
don't call me dagger lady again you're
don't kill me and I'll do the best I can
and that's that's not really all I
wanted to say I I do appreciate your
search for knowledge and I appreciate
that you want to understand this this is
these are just things that are I mean
you said it is so far beyond human Ken
this is ants trying to you know lay
sugar crystals in a circle to get a
human's attention other humans have
succeeded before us and they have gone
evil and mad
oh no no other humans have done a
marvelous job with a very low-tech
gorilla knowledge now that fellow
Octavian Octavius the Roman Emperor he
did an excellent job
other Egyptians poor just simple
Egyptians 3,000 years ago overthrew
niala thought up and you thought
please don't everything his name it took
just mere intelligent Apes with no
skills no no it's just the will the will
to fight and resist him and the black
Pharaoh has learned every time oh but
we've gotten stronger absolutely and
smarter but so has he will do this I've
seen it
we'll do this all I'm asking is that
you'd be careful oh I'm very careful
other thing well I'm not gonna try to
attack anybody again like I did that one
time that was a mistake
other than that I'll stay far away and I
think I need one and I think that we try
to avoid the dream lines as much as
possible we were told that the rules
that apply here don't apply there so
there sure Emma killed an aspect of the
black Pharaoh how long do you think that
will last and there he can directly work
against us he can't do that here there
are rules and the big rule is he can't
affect us directly or tell his people
where we are otherwise we'd be swarmed
all the time so in but in the dream
lands that rule doesn't exist she
doesn't exist thanks to Emma for the
moment how long do you think that will
last Oh as long as the treatments remain
true but I think we're just talking in
circles like don't don't fear the dream
Lance it's what you make of them if you
bring fear into it then your fears will
be manifest I think you are as wrong as
it is possible to be about them but I
happen to know more about them and I
think that anyone here in this room I'm
the only one here that has actually
studied them and experienced them the
rest of you are a bird on an ignorance
and you just think that because I'm
younger and I haven't seen what you've
seen that we were all there and all of
us made it out safely hole healed will
you have lawyers you have fun you have
more experience with Alice Eve yes Alice
he revealed to me many of these secrets
including the details about the future
he might operates but you don't so you
do you ever let anyone finish a sentence
I'm sorry just you don't believe me I
don't know what I was like a city I
believe you but you're minimizing what
we know as well I don't believe what
you're telling me about your fear is
unfounded you're wrong and I'm going
more afraid of you than I am of the
dream Lance so if you
threaten me fine I won't go but there's
more danger here in this world then
there isn't my mind in my dreams
sure you go scary and dangerous but
there are rules here and there aren't
there you said it yourself
we're talking in circles if we keep
going I'm going to get upset and neither
of us want that so why don't you go back
to it why don't you go back to taking
your precious notes and just turn and
walk out out of out of the hospital room
all right okay
make when you leave the hospital room
mmm make a spot hidden rule yeah yes I
know success you see as you leave the
hospital room you see the guy who was
pulling your cart like outside he tries
to like he tries to disappear but you
get a glimpse of him before he like
dissolves into the crowd I'm gonna take
him a post outside the hospital room
with a chair and just like sit there
okay all right
make a luck roll yes
barely all right
silvano is gonna chant for six hours it
is not thrilling radio and there is as
as the chanting reaches a crescendo
salvado make me a power roll and Joan
make me a Khan roll I get inspiration
yes yeah yeah I'm gonna need to be
inspired I didn't so we're down to nine
and
operation don't you do no I didn't make
it can I get an inspiration yeah I
psyche for that inspiration forget I
already marked that inspiration all
right
oh yes much better
oh my gosh okay so that was con yeah I
made a hard one
oh good all right so so Mona you missed
the power rule right okay so right as
you're chanting like reaches a crescendo
and you know you've done this entire
thing right in you hear sort of cutting
through your concentration you hear the
headdress go why are you doing this this
way and and then you finished the chant
and Joan floats into the air like
violently it's it's like a electric
shock but it keeps her in the air so
she's about she's about a foot and a
half off of her bed
The Staves are like searing into her
body and The Staves soak into her body
and disappear into her body you now have
two tattoos of those stains crossed on
your chest okay do I wake up for my
stuff yeah you wake up and you are fine
you have all your fingers you you
there's not even a scar okay but I have
new tax and no stains I'd say what's
with the tattoos the transference was
to go into the staves not the staves
transferring into her what what did you
do I here sir
we sacrificed the staves so you don't
get what do I hear you you explained
this wrong that this is on you and I
take the headdress off and I put it on
Joan I'd like to come back into the room
at some point hearing all the noise that
uh well you left you went out the front
of the hospital so you're actually down
at the street okay because that's where
you saw the guy okay outside the
hospital so you're like staked out
outside the hospital oh that wasn't what
I intended okay cuz because he was like
in the crowd outside with the hair being
actually the end is the headdress saying
I'm giggling okay yes yes yeah Wow Wow
make that roll that should have been
easy
Wow that is a you know that way I mean
it was a transference man all right
so the quotes from this time are I want
to say don't do anything you wouldn't do
but that's terrible
there's a time for fire I'm going to the
library and trying not to burn something
down
yeah we're in Egypt it should be easy to
get gold it's reverse eating which I
don't even remember but I like that one
in we're we're inspiring image to drink
the pudding is coming my personal vote
our souls are fine yes and I think my
second vote don't kill me and I'll do
the best I can
yeah but I do like reverse eating that
was you know buying things rather yeah
use of going to the Sun going to the
store to buy things just to get it to
make yeah very diverse eating alright um
guys thanks this was I know you know we
we were I want to once again thank
Thomas and Amy were all of the work
they're putting in yeah cuz once again
at 6:50 I was changing you know cameras
to go to a better to get and it was they
have dealt with so much technical stuff
yeah get us to the point where we can
play games and so and you know for many
of us this this is you know this working
from home and this whole thing it's been
easy but Cosme me are working their job
and doing this as a full-time job and I
can't thank you guys enough for
everything you're doing to keep this
stream going and to keep us being able
to play the game we love while we're
doing this it is it is super exciting so
you guys are banking five inspiration in
for the book of inspiration and I am
banking one certainly six into the book
of inspiration that is that is great uh
thank and thank you guys
the people at home thank you for
sticking with them and you know we work
most of us a lot of us are theater kids
and this is what we do this is how we
deal with trauma telling stories exactly
is how we deal with with trauma and how
we deal with things that we can't
understand and so when we can come
together here and tell our silly little
stories laughs roll some really bad
rules yell at each other a little bit
that's that's that's a day that helps us
get through the rest of the week and so
I hope that we can give you a little bit
of that and that you can have a little
of that same feeling as we do this and I
hope that you know people in the Czech
Republic can finally go to sleep
yeah I think Luther might be event
Lucifer might be a vampire I'm not sure
um and here comes Klay so remember
Monday and Tuesday it's going to be a
sinister secret of saltmarsh again and
then we're gonna be off until Saturday
when we will play again I will have a
new webcam so hopefully I won't be a
Bond villain floating head I also want
that shirt I was trying to rep quests
and chaos you know that was my that was
my thing but I think that's going to do
it for today oh there we go there's the
here's the chunk there we go that is it
folks thanks again and everybody stay
safe and everybody stay healthy yeah
wash your hands you know we'll be at
some point we'll be back in the studio
and at some point we can all leave our
houses and we'll be happy about that I
won't win yeah all right good night
everybody
you
