Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends and welcome back
to quests and Cthulhu from all of our
respective moms basements we are so glad
you're here with us tonight we I'm just
glad to be talking to an actual person
that isn't poor Rachel who has to put up
with the fact that I speak all the time
and she gets tired of it
as most people do so it is wonderful to
be back with everybody here I look
forward to this all week to sort of get
my sanity going how's everybody doing
let's check in real quick I hope that I
hope that the apocalypse is treating you
well you know as well as an apocalypse
could possibly treat you Cheers
I'm only up two pounds of my quarantine
15 Riki members get those numbers yeah I
I wish I didn't have a scale that's it
and I'm conserving my sanity so we as
always are brought to you by our good
friends at Gordon Biersch who I'm given
to understand disembodied beer if only
we had green-screen Thomas's hand down
so this beer just was floating there we
appreciate their sponsorship so much I
want to give a shout out once again to
birds-of-paradise
who are awesome several of the players
here have birds-of-paradise dice they're
using you can find their stuff in the
chat there we'll go check out their dice
they are amazing and new designs coming
I'm very excited about that I'm not a
big dice head but he I really like the
birds-of-paradise stuff there's even
talk of a parent shark dice I signed us
up nice on stunts on general principles
Nord games also an awesome
sponsor this folks right now you hear
this about everything you hear this
about restaurants you're dying right now
everybody in the game world is
struggling because games game companies
this may come to shock you to learn but
other than Wizards of the coast game
companies are very small and usually run
by less than a hundred people and so
these are the kind of companies that are
being the most hit by being sent home
and not having any and not having
anything going out so if you can find a
way to support your friendly local game
store many of them are doing GoFundMe
'he's my local game store d20 is doing
mystery grab bags where for 60 bucks you
get a game you get $80 worth of mystery
games and you don't know what they're
gonna be I as I told Ben the guy who
runs and I said I'll buy one for someone
else because I probably already own the
games that are in there so I don't but
find ways to support the small people
around you that are doing cool things
because they're the folks who are
struggling if you're able this is a
great time to up your patrie ons to
places this is a great time to support
those artists that you cool whether it's
whether it's drawings whether it's dice
whether it's whatever this is a great
time to support them because they need
it and we want them to keep doing cool
stuff to keep having the ability to do
that so III one other announcement we
have are scheduled for next week is
super exciting because Monday the chaos
hits the fan they're back actually the
Emma hits the fan really we have the
omitting the image I'm still work
shopping like a mitten we have a mitten
happening on Monday GM --d buy the one
person that you would not want to have
staring at you across a GM screen our
very own Emma DMO the emam news guys so
both Julie and tiana are playing with me
I'm gonna have to test run it tomorrow
because so far I've made it a deadly
encounter for four
tenth level characters so it might have
to just thought it up scale it back a
little bit I mean it I mean this mitten
the whole point is to try and kill off
your beer pcs I'm surely but fairly
right figure about it not necessarily
hey juice and three erotic backstory but
kill them kill them all first I don't
have to make it back sorry for some
Monday
it's the omit somebody in chat called it
a minim which is better the minim
Tuesday the Kaos agents are back I'm so
excited it's been so long I and you know
just like just like we are still coming
to terms this will be a whole new group
of people who's learning how to do all
this over over over some zooms so please
bear with us as we figure out all the
technical stuff with a whole new group
of people Thomas and Amy are you know
they now have three jobs basically and
this is two of them and the work that
they've done to keep this channel
running and to keep us all going is huge
and I can't say enough about the work
that Thomas and Amy have done Thomas is
off screen you play switch right now so
he's now embodied Mitch McDonald a fan
favorite are like is that your husband
that's playing the turtle I was so yeah
Monday the mitten Tuesday the Kaos
agents Saturday we're back here for Call
of Cthulhu and I whatever we're
finishing salt marsh Oh on Wednesday or
what yes you know yeah that's right no
it is Wednesday cuz we need to send Nick
an email reminder that Wednesday we're
doing the squad err plan right
hauling this the end of saltmarsh but
I'm guessing saltmarsh will never end
it's just gonna be a me and Nick talking
about breakfast for another you know and
bacon
I mean baskets magic so I get it this
originally a trilogy yes and originally
and then coronavirus but what is this an
ecology now this will be episode this
would be episode number nine nonology
yeah Wow it would have been nine if we'd
played last ones are Wednesday
alright so so Wednesday that finishes
and then just as a teaser coming up I
might be coming close to playing this
edition D&amp;E no Warren I said I said on
stream and I'm a man of my word I said
if Warren is running anything I'm in and
Warren is gonna go back to the carbon 21
85 world and I'm playing I'm I'm gonna
be there because I want to play I want
to play any game Warren's running I came
close if it weren't a mitten I would
have played a game amy was running but
so against everything I believe just
wait I have something that's terrible in
there's maternal mmm I want my old mouth
so carbon 21 85 starts on Mondays April
6 there we go
so so I got your calendar that nobody
pays attention to I mean the other the
other funny thing is it's actually
easier for me to play something this way
because I don't have to go all the way
down to an undisclosed location more far
away from me I have no idea what you're
talking about so I'm much more likely to
play that way and yeah that is a look at
what we have coming ahead on Monday
we'll be giving away libres Arcana dice
so during the mid M somebody's gonna win
some libras Arcana dice and this this
game we actually have another youtube
giveaway and normally I say I'm in a
sandbag you'll find out what it is at
the end but I'm just gonna
lead with all you have to do to enter
this giveaway so all you have to do to
enter this giveaway is go to our YouTube
for this episode and enter in the donate
link for your local food bank I will
donate $10 to a bank that is posted
there and it you will be entered to win
my friend Steph Hodge is an amazing
photographer and she does these this is
a terrible idea to hold this up but she
does these amazing gaming calendars she
creates pictures of she arranges board
game pieces to create images and doesn't
and she doesn't hold calendar of them
and I will be one person who posts the
link to their local food bank I will be
one of Steph's calendars to you it's
only a 12-month calendar so you know
you're living on borrowed time but I
think they're cheaper now so it makes
the giveaway even better but I will I
will be donating to every food bank that
is posted on there so hurt me in the
pocketbook list lots of food banks
because that's another area that you
cannot we cannot give enough to all
right that is enough of me - oh sorry
one final that I I didn't put it in my
notes but we will be doing a Q&amp;A next
episode so next week at the end of the
episode will end at 9:30 and then we're
gonna have an after show that's going to
be a Q&amp;A with all of us here you can put
your questions on the discord there's a
there's actually a channel in the
discord for Q&amp;A questions or you can
also we'll take some out of the chat as
well as we're doing it so stick around
with us for a little bit after after we
do stuff and we'll answer your questions
ask the players why they do the things
they do because I'd love to know
actually and it's it actually sounds
better if you ask them that instead of I
asked them that Miley just wants to know
he really just wants to know what's
right my only question for the Q&amp;A is
why wrong with you people
that's right
that's a great question for a QA it'll
be a call of QA I don't know a column
question
don't make them fat general I would say
you open it like that's like oh where do
we start
so last episode I think things really
went well
you almost got eaten by crocodiles you
you several of you got pretty injured in
a fight on a boat you went to L wast uh
well actually you tried to go to hell
wasa to visit a pyramid and turned
immediately around go back oh no no we
got to a loss to its MIDI dune dune yeah
that's right you're going to make doom
to go to the pyramid that all the awful
things had happened at and that wasn't
good thing you didn't end up there
honestly but you never know one thing
that was clear was that whatever these
horrible things were they were going for
the book they were drawn to Allah zeef
right and the the headdress I believe
told which we'll get to in a minute
the the headdress told Silvano that the
book is essentially a beacon that tells
everything hey here we are
come eat us you went to the hospital a
professor Lam was in terrible shape
oh I have to go back you guys have for
inspiration by the way and I have for
inspiration Oh make a note of that and
the reason I say that is that you now
have five inspiration and I now have
five inspiration thanks to slighty Tov
who may or may not any another person
that might show up on camera here at
some point slighty Tov of course makes
all of our really great props let me
donate a sword the capstone all of that
neat stuff so slightly Todd we really
appreciate that and tamago Torah has 500
whoever has the lowest sanity so one of
you I mean bill checks because I want we
need some inspiration Lucifer will check
here if anyone has lower than 25 I will
be shocked Oh Rachel is coming too
[Laughter]
behind the scenes we now have like five
moderators there's the head there's the
barricade so you have seven I have five
that is ill check thank you you're doing
that I also want to acknowledge this is
a rare and beautiful moment where both
the good moderator and the evil
moderator are in chat so we length we
have your valid be moderated Baroness
great to virtually see you both
and because the Baroness is here we're
gonna have to the GI Joe moment we'll
get out of the way superfast
every episode of GI Joe has been
released to YouTube so you can now go to
youtube and watch the 80s Hasbro
craziness look up we talked about it a
while ago look up the episode where the
animal companions of GI Joe formed their
own team it's bonkers I am so looking
forward to the title you know what
there's a thing called Google if you Joe
animal team you'll find animals put your
safe search on wrong yeah I think you
need to add the GI Joe if you just
google animal team then bad things that
could also be worse when when you know
much like Bloody Mary you say the Hef
and things happen
the Hef has a thousand inspiration for
the players so you're up to nine
for me so I'm up to six we're not
actually gonna play tonight I'm just
gonna sit here and do the play-by-play
of what's going on no this is for when
night of Chris comes flying out of the
sword and Shh I'm sorry what nobody
it was in the summer it's not like he's
forgotten so yes that's the other
thing is that we last episode the
headdress gave you the two-day deadline
basically in those two days technically
today is the end of the second day so at
some point Chekhov's night Oh Chris says
that night Oh Chris will be popping up
so is it more like Schrodinger's night
and Chris no no she's very real she will
be there what if she pops out in a
different reality though in a different
universe how do we do that how do we
just shunt her into another reality
quick you know what how does the sword
drink the space maid or night Oh Chris
no Chris we just give her a witch's hand
her some space means thinking we were
able to bring the headdress into into
the dream world the headdress couldn't
go no remember I showed up it was
confused that it was there so somehow
yep
recreate that so it's all on you Joan um
no pressure oh yeah we ended last
episode in the hospital Joan was being
healed through what the headdress
thought Silvano was called the ritual of
transference and the idea was that
Joan's horrible wounds fatal wounds
let's be honest would be transferred to
the staves that she carried and drained
some of the power from those days it may
shock you to learn that something went a
little wrong and somehow the staves got
transferred into joan she now has
tattoos of the staves across her torso
silvano partly keeping his bargain also
partly I think tired of all this
nonsense flung the headdress of eyes
onto Jones head and Joan I was now is
this your slide Ito that made this one I
actually acted so this is a a homegrown
headdress of eyes and it does as soon as
the headdress of eyes touches Jones head
it does change appearance on Silvano's
head it looked kind of plain and
unadorned mainly because it was covered
up so much on Jones head there's a
distinctly more sinister look to the
whole thing
yeah that's sounds about right you know
what I think the peacock dress would go
really nice with the like that I in the
middle so setting the scene in the
hospital room are Yusef Emma and Joan we
also have Silvano who just walked out of
the room and we have Tiana Alexandra who
is outside of the hospital and she
noticed that one of the one of the Nair
do wells that was following them after a
Yusef did a great job of shopping at the
bazaar and not at all you know
announcing what they were doing was
outside the hotel casing the place and
when he noticed her he fled and so you
have you know you you were sort of in
different places I'm gonna do one more
inspiration and then we're gonna get
started playing because Jane mat JD
Matthews 85 I have to say the D now it's
you know it's Canon J Matthews 85 gives
a thousand bits to me because quote
keepers need love I believe that's a
Samantha Fox zone that is a joke ages me
and 500 bits to the headdress itself
which I'm gonna put over here in a
yeah I can use that interest that you
are not but well yeah so the headdress
has one it's only gonna use it to take
you over and since although I'm guessing
it won't have to do that much so we
proposed the headdress in your head
you heard I've been waiting to meet you
and I've been waiting to meet you too
I've only heard of you from the others
we are going to do great things together
first
I don't know if they've mentioned it but
I can see the future
ooh all right then and get that book I
need to get the Booker we need to get it
out of here
well if you have it I can try and mask
it okay before nose I've seen the future
he's coming for it all right only to
give you the book so that you I can mask
it from him and keep it or and I don't
think this is right or you need to give
it back you guys can see me vigorously
shaking my head basically just a picnic
oh and we need to go to China love to
talk about that
let me get the book thing first so um
guys the book you know sits up like sits
up you can see the tattoo like sort of
from the top of the the hospital gown
and she's immediately like a ball of
energy in Joseph Joseph that book is a
beacon it's kind of the headdress is
telling me things are coming after us
and they know it's gone so we have to
hide it and how we can hide it is the
headdress knows how to do that so if you
give me the book we can hide it yeah
give me the book then we can hide it it
can mask it it can it and so you can
still read it but I need to have it on
an MA on my person so the the headdress
can can deal with it that's not the
Necronomicon too
I want it to be able to things can't
come after us okay come on we've we've
already seen that bad things come on
I just got eaten up bad things are after
us we need to make sure that book is not
detectable bad things have been after us
for every single moment I joined this
group and how long have we had the book
only half at that time yeah well I'm not
going to stop well if they can at least
not find us is easily if we don't have
this beacon shining for everyone to see
come on no one will see it if we keep it
is shining out its energy remember how I
was talking about the staves being
battery energy that thing has energy
it's sending it out things can see us
they know where we are
it's book it's not a magical better if
any sort it doesn't suck or deliver
power well it's it's we will open you've
been sitting that and reading it and
you're saying it's not powerful it's
knowledge knowledge is power so Youssef
in Silvano I have a quick question
what well I was also last session I
thought I took Joseph with me so am i
waiting outside the door for Joseph to
come oh it's just Joseph so I'm waiting
outside if you want to call me back in
sure yeah yeah I was I say I can call
but my question for and then I grab
Solano and bring him in so how is Kapoor
hiding the book because you read it and
nothing's attacking the library puts out
of beacon if it's opened what did you
see around you at the library to keep it
safe because we could potentially keep
it safe that way I don't think we saw
anything obvious words if there was
anything in there but we were also in a
pretty secure location in general there
must have been wards because that's yeah
the headdress is telling me guys it's
coming for us
Gophers coming for us were we always in
the same reading room yes so it could be
that but as long as it's not being
opened it shouldn't be revealing sorry
and the book was always put in the same
box hmm we should get that box or you
could just give it back to cup for
that's another no that's not the best
option because then we won't have what's
in it well do we do we know any ways to
recreate something like the like the
case but just a box yeah we should get
the box well give me the book and then
maybe I can make you you have the
headdress yeah it says it can help me
yeah says that yeah here's a crazy idea
with the headdress can the headdress
yeah I mean the headdress can be used
for that but we they're not gonna be as
strong because we don't have as many
people who can purchase
made in the ritual oh they'll be plenty
strong Joan you are now the magical
battery that those staves were awesome
no remember the staves are a magical
battery guess who's a magical battery
now exactly it'll require some charging
of course well yeah almost all batteries
need charging so I would I would need to
have some time to collect the the energy
of the universe right you should all
just leave John alone and just be like
okay back up Oh tell them the Joan so
does so the headdress knows how to mask
the book is what you think yes tell us
how how how well it's only the knowledge
it can absolutely wants to give you the
knowledge you can give it to you so you
can just give it to you right now all
you do is just tell it to give it to you
and then you go into like a little
specific thing and then you hear it well
it told me it told me I needed to have
the book is what it told me yeah yeah
yeah told me to burn everything down all
the time and you know what I only burn
fifty percent of the things down so
really you poke about what it says I
think the headdress just enhances our
own propensity
right now so if you burn things it would
have you burned things for me and have
me collect books excellent
rationalization but it's just
rationalization so if you would like to
ask the headdress how we can match the
book they're not go on the reading
headdress is there another name for you
said headdress how would we you names
labels yeah are not given to one such as
I I am a god all right head god what um
do not give her the book no what can we
do just make a safe Bend they won't give
me the book you could hurt them you
I thought they trusted you they don't
trust you yet but we'll show them well
show them the future cuff or is coming
you can you can we melaku for is coming
we know that but but then how do we keep
it so he can't find us or nothing of
those other bad things could find it
I've told you how you just pulled me I
needed to have the book and they're not
gonna give it to me now is there
anything else you can tell me I can mask
it my home now do I have to put you on
the book no what kind of talk to me I
can't believe I'm saying this I think I
why does she want to put the headdress
on the book to hell I'd mask it that's
all I'm saying is the he's saying he the
head God is saying that he needs to have
the book in my presence cuz I'm wearing
this and then he would be able to shield
it wife I was asking gendering me i
transcend gender alright you keep
calling it a god it's not a god you know
cuz they said they does they work for
you cuz you got multiple eyes they use
for hey they said they said that they
didn't have a name that they were a god
and that transcended name so that's why
I was calling God that God head god this
guy thing they they they so well all
this they him sheath whatever is
happening I'm gonna sneak out of the
room really quickly and look for a
wheelchair because I did hear Jones say
before is coming for us
sure yeah boat you come out you come out
of the wheelchair you come out and it's
not a large Hospital and you see
Alexandra is like very intently watching
the crud they're sort of a you know a
crowd of people coming by and she's
watching it very intently okay so I'm
downstairs with Alexandra mmm-hmm okay
Alexandra we gotta go we got big
problems Jones the battery the headdress
wants the book for is coming [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is
gonna blow up and I don't want to burn
down another hospital that's two okay
I could only blow up like one Hospital
well actually you know what technically
I could blow up one Hospital per country
right so that's fine this one's fine
whatever moving on
also to add to our list of things that
are going sideways very quickly we're
being followed
I assumed as much who which one do you
remember the fellow who was hauling the
the cart for Yosef yeah wheel barrel of
food yeah him and I don't know why and
when he spotted me he ran okay which bin
yeah somebody else is probably coming
for us
and in addition to Kippur so we need to
get everybody out of here and maybe a
third hotel hold on who has the
headdress now oh I'm sorry
so long story short blah blah blah
wiggle wiggle Joan raises off the bed
flops down she's got all her fingers
loop headdress we gave her the headdress
well technically Silvano gave her the
headdress probably the headdress gave
her the headdress is what I'm feeling
just knowing the headdress and how
annoying it can be that means very
likely remind me to to have words with
Silvano later to get back together and
we need to go to a third hotel yes okay
but Joan's all right right now she's
yeah she's fine she's she's talking to
the headdress so obviously crazy things
are happening there's yelling about I
need the book I'm gonna protect the book
we don't we do not give her the book I
think we should give before back the
book honestly yes if we've gotten the
information that we can get out of it
having one fewer person after us would
be really nice right now let's go
upstairs and argue they're about to go
into an argument all right yes let's go
oh yeah you guys are back in the room
and there is where our so you're just
are you just standing like away from the
room there
Silvano
I wanna I I need to talk to Yosef yeah
yeah so we know when they leave there's
an awkward silence that you two could
easily fill with Yosef we need to do
some research you took the notes on the
ritual right oh yes yes yeah yeah well I
got 16 pages of notes okay
I can't cast that again so we have to
teach that to you and I've got some
ideas and and something struck me we
need to do research on the on the
Ouroboros Ouroboros yeah the the snake
devouring itself no what does that come
from
I'm not sure exactly but I've just I've
I I just saw everything just come back
around how with the stabs and the damage
and now she's hole and the stabs are
still there like it's it's it's it's
that return it's it's just devouring
itself it's going in a cycle the the
ritual of transference like it's hard to
explain but I I I think it could be
important I've got some notes I think
this there's something in chapter 4 that
sounds very similar that may be
enlightening to us we should take a look
at it ok wait chapter 4 what right now
chapter 4 is very confusing the chapter
4 repeats itself at the beginning and
the end of the chapter and this
demonstrates the cycle oh I was thinking
a library oh I suppose that we were to
not as informative but we should only
news you should be very careful about
where the circumstances in which we open
that book
we immediately limit them to never we've
opened it many many times in the past
and all of a sudden being told not to
well well we know this is this the the
first time that we opened it outside of
the reading room we got some attention
as you recall I open it in the hotel and
pretty much any chance I got I was
really good hmm then the hotel must be
safe let's go there
I love the correlation causation there
but I'd like to go to a library I mean
if you wonder if you want to research it
um have someone around you with a gun or
something oh no no not that
hmm nope yeah well anyhow yeah let's
let's teach you this ritual okay sounds
good alright so you two are just gonna
head off to a library is that take care
of Joan and we are you gonna tell me
that you're leaving or are you just guys
gonna just take off take off after being
outside we should probably tell Joan
we're gonna go the library Joan for a
little while just Silvano and I don't do
some research on the issue before a
close Marie you know that he's going
he's coming after you
Oh though he's at the Museum we're on
the library different place yeah
different library so why don't make me a
dice roll yeah let's call it an
intelligence roll I've got a little bit
of that yeah regular success hey
remember that cool door thing he could
do yeah I do we need to be in public
areas you know public library sounds
good alright so you're gonna head to the
main Cairo library and I imagine they
passed me and walk out as Emma and
Alexandra are rolling a wheelchair into
Joan's room are you two going to the
library and we're gonna keep the book
away from Joan good boy
find our third hotel we have a third
hotel we have to well we have to meet up
at the back of hotel I assume you're
gonna get the third hotel and then leave
a message oh don't leave a message come
and get us
because we don't we don't need a trail
we'll just state the library until you
guys arrive which library is this okay
there are not a lot of libraries in
1920s kind Oh No
also just just so you two know we're
being followed by more terrestrial
things at the moment the rest real
things what does that mean do you
remember do you remember the fellow who
was hauling the cart for you when you
had all of the supplies oh yes he was
casing the hospital very carefully and
ran for the hills when he saw me oh I'm
pretty good at that but people aren't
usually scared of me unless they have a
reason unless I've said I said didn't
talk to him he saw me and ran it was
very suspicious it was very curious and
so try to be as incognito as possible I
do say try because I know you too all
those wigs are at the bottom of the
ocean I mean it not not the ones that
are still in London but they might as
well be on the moon yeah so yes be
careful we'll come and find you at the
library as soon as we have another hotel
keep the book away from Joan please
there locally are there any people that
we're with any any face coverings any
okay we're gonna go shopping really
quick I don't think that's a masculine
style it's not it's usually more thing
that women do and no thank you
yeah and can i Silvano can I have your
um your headdress cover please thank you
burnt in it yeah from one's a burning
thing
not Emma's fault so while they're all
while you're alone in the room Joan I'm
glad we finally have a moment to
ourselves yes you have to go to China we
do when the lady has the capstone ah
Brady has the capstone yes why are you
acting like I'm revealing something you
knew this I thought you were the smart
one why are you being so mean to me
I was not timing it I know that there's
no time but I have these other people we
have to hurt as well you mean give me
some time with them you have to be
persuasive all right all right I'll amp
i-i've been persuade you know I've I've
found different you know I found
different statues I found different
relics I've gotten them and I've gotten
them back to and gotten money out of
people for them I know how to do this I
hope so because January 26th no it's
coming it's coming and and we can't
afford it okay so I just have to tell
all of them we have to start we have to
get out we have to go to China now it's
six weeks on a boat to China and that
horrible fat woman will be on the boat
see I can see the future
well this time if we know she's coming
maybe I can get that sword out in time
anyway no I've got to get them I've
got to get them okay I'm gonna go up
and I'm gonna I'm gonna get myself out
of here we've got a good girl though so
you bring in the wheelchair as Joan is
like packing up her stuff she's changed
she's no longer in the hospital gown you
can wear
that you can sort of see the
superimposition of the stave tattoos
over whatever she's wearing okay so I
throws great glad you're here but the
headband on or I'm like here take the
headband and cover the headdress again
spring get out of here let's see I
can wear my hat okay let's go and then I
take the bandana and I tie it around the
staves as well so that you can't
whatever is here you can't but so I have
like a neck-kerchief yellow kerchief
nice nice meaning why is this demeaning
you can still see can't yet I am
all-seeing yeah so yeah you can still
see you when the other one had me behind
a bandana that's not the point
yeah we've got to get you out of here so
we can let you shine so let me get you
out of here all right hurry all right so
um they're not very happy with this
situation we need to get to China we
need to get the capstone we need to get
it now we need to go we need to make
those arrangements come on right there's
a lot to unpack in that but let's hear
the moment try to get to a place where
we're not immediately being chased by
apparently someone who can make a door
in the wall and come after us and by
people who are following us across Cairo
because we don't know the meaning of
subtlety all right all right let's get a
move on so yes let's let's let's go find
a new home base for maybe the next day
or so if we if we are heading to China
which is not high on my list of places I
want to go but well it better be because
that's where what we need to do to get
the rest of the capstone so are we
sneaking out of this hospital or are we
sneaking out of the hotel
excellent question well I think we need
to sneak out of the hospital get to the
hotel and get our stuff I agree and
stuff so Yusef you're not here
Yusef in Silvano are you trying to
disguise your you're leaving first are
you trying to disguise your departure
but I think a rear entrance or exit
would be excellent if there is such a
thing existed good the alley let's try
that
so that is a 66 as my mom only you can
alright nope this is not like I said not
a large hospital there is no back door
and then we just have to beeline for the
market where we can get some scarves and
whatnot and try to then lose them in a
crowd let's go quickly then okay alright
so you head to the bazaar and you can
find some only mildly inappropriate
coverings to like mask your faces and
such are you putting them on in the
store so this is a stall this Bazaar
you're like in a massive open-air area
with tents full of shot anything you
could imagine selling I mean are there
public bathrooms or anything like that
not really a the call box is like
Superman used to go in no there's not a
blue call box it's not there are a
couple of some of the stalls will be
have will have like a curtain doff area
where you can change like if someone if
you're buying like clothes you want to
try on okay yeah we can just buy them
and then switch them in there
okay I'd have to get more of a
traditional or the loose rope that they
we're covering yeah I'm not trying to
completely cover I'm just trying to
cover like my chin and maybe put
something on my head so my hair isn't
obvious because that was showing before
sure okay so yeah you both have robes
and turbans with you know like a with a
scarf that kind of covers the lower bit
of your face that you pull up which they
would normally like Bedouin 's would
pull up on a sandstorm or something was
coming but you can pull them up well
we're not gonna wear
not gonna stand out looking like
Complete Idiot's we're only gonna look
this is do you have seen people dressed
like this you know not the things pulled
up over their face yeah we won't take it
alright so I'm gonna give you each
advantage on your choice of a disguise
or a stealth roll and between the two of
you you just need one success I'll take
advantage on the stealth roll over the
same thing hold on I'm not gonna roll
better than that well I might my best
roles are 38 my stealth is 20 so we got
no we're good
just needed one nice
so yeah you feel like you feel like
you are not being followed right to
library all right so yeah you you
scamper off to the library all right uh
wow we've separated along gender lines
here this is what we do ladies you are
headed to where so the first thing I
would like to do is use my spot hidden
skill of a billion 36 is actually a hard
success cuz I'm awesome do I see the
cart guy or anybody that I recognize out
the window you don't see anyone you
recognize but you definitely feel like
people have the there's at least like
three people that seem to have the
hospital cased okay so I let Alexander
out
you see Yousef and Silvano leave the
hospital and one of the guys likes peels
off and follows them okay
so Alexander I think we've lost one tale
but I think there's like at least two
more I don't see the cart gentlemen do
you think we should rally up some
doctors here and get out of here I'm
sort of just some sort of a disguise to
get out of here would probably be a good
idea I got my helm read it read
hareton's it sticks out a little bit
I think maybe a search where did we
see surgeons or people dressed kind of
let's go let's go rummage around in
their supply room
alright the three of you I'll give me
stealth rolls and I just need one I need
mmm ie two successes stealth just
regular just regular roll just I mean a
stealth roll nope
25 I made it no barring something here
doctor you're gonna get found going
through this stuff if you want to use
luck if you want to push it you want to
use some inspiration I would actually
have Alexandra go fer go and get stuff
because she's not basically sneakier
than I am and Jonah in that hat is not
sneaking anywhere Yeah right but but so
between the three of you you need two
successes because you're trying to sneak
this is this is the whole process of
getting out of okay mmm then who has the
higher stealth of the two of you I'm 22
yeah we're exactly the same yeah it's
not great flip a coin decide cuz one of
you guys has to get a success for us to
get out of here that being saying why
don't you do it cuz I'm I'm I got this
okay I second day giving you a nother
role alright so you're down to eight
inspiration no oh I'm gonna change dice
here and see what these do man if this
so technically that is half so I it's a
hard success I am like tonight I'm like
the mid-afternoon
easy like Sunday morning Union you are
no problem.you between Emma and
Alexandra they get you out of the
hospital in doctors kind of scrubs um
and you think that you are not being
tailed okay
oh cool without you know what with a
hard success you know you are not being
tailed
you haven't you have you've fooled
whoever was following you so what are
you headed
I think we have to stop by the hotel
first and pick up our few things and
then you find somewhere else yes
all right so the backup hotels did I
write down the name of it I don't
remember doesn't matter we're gonna have
a third one let it go all right so you
end up the second hotel was not that
nice as this next one gonna be in the
around the same range or or do we want
to go someplace somewhat shifting throw
the guy a little coin and have easy
access to a boat I mean that's not the
worst idea that my only concern is that
somewhere less nice might be in Old
Cairo and all four of us at least stick
yeah I was trying to be nice to you so
if I really was but I'm a doctor now so
maybe something that's on par with this
one yeah I think we weren't Metropolitan
somewhere but repulsion first that one
was I can't I think it was the Imperial
yeah right but not the palace no no we
are banned from their palace any any
city in the world the palace is like the
nicest hotel in town and we should go
there cuz I'm a doctor now trust me I'm
a doctor you will find a so you're
going to the shifty place no we're going
out we're going to some place that's on
par with where we're at now right we're
the Graz Vener is a there is a sort of
Angmar Anglican eyes touristy hotel but
it's like the down market but you will
not you know you will not stand out as
foreigners here no more you're among
your you're among your people and do
you wanna you you wanted to talk to them
about a boat hiring a boat or something
I'm attentively potentially I mean do we
want to go to Shanghai I mean we don't I
mean here's the question yeah I don't
think I don't think we can get to
Shanghai on an isle no no you're gonna
need a cruise ship you're gonna that's
an those are expensive I don't know if
we can expense one of those I'm not
there you're not here I'm spending the
money mm-hmm sweet well and and this is
this is continuing the work of Jackson
Elias and we we remembered that there
was several leads that led us to
Shanghai outside of what the head bend
has told us but does that mean we have
to go to Shanghai get the rest of the
capstone and then come back if that good
that's what about or is you know what
about NIDA Chris yeah let's not say that
what it what about the Queen this is yes
I never knew here's a terrible saying we
should go I know this is terrible
but just hear me out we should go to
Shanghai leave the knife leave the leave
the scimitar just let's just go just
whatever just leave it here and hope
that she doesn't come after us
yes and if she does we can try to
capture her wait so you're leaving
you're leaving the sword here I don't
know
cuz if she comes out of the sword then I
don't have the sword but I also don't
want to go to Shanghai and she's selling
the sword
well she what she wasn't gonna stay in
the sword for very long like she should
be out tonight do you ask the headdress
if you think that she'll come out of the
sword like here like it physically comes
out of the sword or will she just like
materialize someplace else not in
relationship to the sword did you did
you hear that I'm still insulted by that
hat I we're inside I took it off I took
it off I I know but the the outside
I don't want to see anybody's
magnificence I'm so glad I wasn't the
only one who made that leap I don't want
to see anyone's magnificence who has the
word magnificence for me god damn you
Warren
all right look if you want me to help
you yes you really need to start doing
what I'm asking you to do I have tried
doing what you've asked me I tried to
get the book and they have it what else
do you want and we are trying to get to
Shanghai like you said you've been here
you've been listening we're trying to
get to Shanghai but so they're asking me
to ask you about the sword so we can
figure out what to do with it while we
go to Shanghai what you should do with
it is leave it here okay the more you
carry that thing the more of the chance
there is that night Icarus will appear
wherever you are okay so the headdress
is saying that we should leave it here
because we don't want night at Kris to
appear wherever we are okay that's
that's what I needed to know okay that's
that's fair but wasn't gonna happen
wasn't it supposed to happen today yeah
and not only that to my first instinct
would be like throw it in the river
nobody will find it you know that's it's
terrible but it's not the worst idea but
isn't that what the dark Pharaoh
originally wanted no he wanted that he
wanted the the girdle to be thrown in
the river i society could pick it up but
now we already have night Chris we
already have 90 Chris yeah night Oh
Chris is already here that cat is out of
the bag there's nothing we can do about
that but throwing it in there then
they'd have to come out of the water and
then again I feel like 90 Chris needs
some cement she's like good old New York
style cement shoes it's Joan I don't
know as much about the the mythology of
Egypt not even close to what to what you
know isn't isn't the Nile considered to
be the heart of Egypt though
yes so ladies oh if we throw a former
queen into the heart of Egypt that might
not end well for us
just a thought as little as I know about
any mythology that just seems like the
worst idea well yeah I mean there is the
whole thing about it's the heart it's
the soul it's it's it's what flows great
we'll just dump her in the Atlantic
whatever what abs yeah but we'd have to
get their bite tonight tonight since she
hasn't shown up here already and that's
so could we bury it under the
floorboards here or terrible idea number
two today okay so the guy is coming from
the book I forgot the guy's name cuz I'm
so excited about this planet can't even
remember names anymore for the book so
what happens if we put the sword where
the book was then he has the sword and
potentially nighta Chris excuse me the
Queen but if the book was placed
someplace that every time it was read
wasn't things weren't coming after it if
you put know I know what you're saying
you're thinking but since it's warded or
something maybe we can even yeah but
make her stay there ah stuck in the
reading room forever
and what Queen really wants to be stuck
in a library I don't know it was worst
nightmare stuck in the library that's
not a sentence right now library Queen
not only that - it'll be just right up
to space means Ally now instead of
having Julius Caesar Octavia trapping
you there now we've got what's-his-name
Kapoor and his little manservant not
talking about Silvano I was like oh does
does my friend do they have any anything
to say about our plans or they just
I've told you everything you need to
know you've told us the big plan and I
really appreciate that because it's the
big plan but to get that big plan done
there's a lot of little things that need
to be taken care of and I just thought
you might want to help us that's all
I feel like you fundamentally
misunderstand the worshiper Divine Being
relationship you think I thought we were
working together now I do have the
staves so I thought we were working
together I really did I really really
did and I'd love I like you you you know
I've been wanting to go out with you but
now you're just being a jerk why never
meet your heroes be careful what you
wish for
you might get it by the hands and I'm
like look one thing you're gonna have to
learn about the headdress
it doesn't shut up doesn't it goes you
into having an argument that you don't
really want to have but yet somehow it
knows the buttons to push in order to
make you argue with it the problem is
that wants you to run away of which
really is just boring
I mean why do you want to be so boring
no no this is not me know what I thought
about running away we're talking about
going on an adventure
that's is totally different oh no the
headdress wants you to run away to
but the thing is it's like he's not
talking to or they they're not talking
to me they are just saying oh I've
already told you everything well I need
you to talk more to you how it's a
passive-aggressive relationship with a
terrible abusive I don't know how you
would say mother told you how to make me
happy but you can never make me happy so
therefore you suck you'll never be good
enough blah blah blah blah blah blah
that's all the headdress is is
essentially years and years of therapy
so this is a professor this is like the
professors that were above me in at the
University who never took me seriously
and who kept
to steal my ideas as their own I get it
now and essentially you're not smart
enough you'll never be good enough I
already told you if you don't get it
that's your own fault so it's it's
definitely a partnership where if
there's a partnership at all it's not
going to be in your best interest so you
know I was just really hoping that it
you know we could get together and do
the things and and have that partnership
and yes he wants they want keep kinky I
keep because it makes me reminds me of
those guys but they they they want me to
worship them it seems like that's sorry
there's no don't save the world as I
said save the world that's what I want
to do see we are on the same wavelength
do you want to worship it if it can help
me save the world that's awesome and we
can work together I'd be I'd be willing
to be like but if it's going to just say
I told you so
I told you so the whole time it's being
a cryptic jerk and it's being a cryptic
jerk because it can you know I told you
so I told you exactly what to do I don't
even the word cryptic was used I believe
very incorrectly I was fairly direct and
what you need to do yeah I see exactly
where this is going now and now I must
apologize to Emma no Paul justa Silvano
lake it's here too because you are being
a jerk you are not taking me and what I
can do and for for anything and you're
making it like it's all about you and
it's not I'm a god
okay then act like one and not just be
cryptic cryptic yes I told you what to
do
what the hell read any myths
that's what gods do we don't say Moses
here are the rules by which your people
should live oh oh oh you want to be that
kind of God you want to be the Christian
God that that has all the books written
with for him and about him and you want
to be able to have the people that you
can tell stupid stuff to and they do
stupid stuff okay fine I say we keep the
sword and we get rid of this guy
it sounds good to me
you're not telling me anything that I
can use except go to Shanghai go to and
I'm doing that we're doing that I I I'm
I'm done
are we I'm done I'm done I'm done very
well it does not come off do you touch
the idol I turn it on yes yes yes but it
is quiet that headdress is silent good
for you Joan okay not coming off it's
all tangled in my hair now okay no it's
it's being a jerk I've had to deal with
just these types in all my academic work
and that's why I went rogue and that's
why we're going rogue now so where are
we going we're going to Kenya we I mean
we still need to go to Shanghai and get
the piece of the that's the only thing
we can do to get the rock put the rock
together I believe in that not just
because he says so so so what do we
think then that this capstone will do if
it's not to keep the Queen locked in
place is it to keep the black Pharaoh
from manifesting yes yes and so they
can't even if they do the big the big
song and dance to get him to come out
gonna happen I mean if he's bound in
place right then I suppose we need to
get passage to Shanghai and get it as
soon as we can
yes so what do we do about the Queen
then I don't know I mean do we just toss
her in the river and just be like later
sister that seems like a bad idea do you
think before if we grovel to him could
help us ha
not if we don't give him the book back
the boys stole something that is
incredibly precious to him and and you
will want that back right right but what
happens if we return it and say that
they did a bad thing and don't let them
return it I mean we'd have to get it
from them first and well I'm not I'm not
I'm not opposed to the idea of knocking
yosef out and taking it from him I'm not
going to kill him I mean I mean he's an
idiot he's he's an idiot but he's a
well-meaning idiot and he'll grow into
it eventually there are other ways of
knocking him out as well I remember
Silvano had some things that he could do
the headdress comes back the ether was
my idea face it everything good you
people have done has come from one
source don't look on your face what a
jerk face
is telling me that that the ether was
its idea so okay it doesn't mean it's a
bad idea it just means that we have to
be more careful I mean I we saw what
before could do right with him opening
the door even if he doesn't remember it
if he's that powerful he may not be a
swage even by getting the book back I
mean remember remember Galligan Gavigan
yes Gaffigan is not yes every Gilligan I
mean he was the wrong person to anger I
mean really if you're thinking about it
now because he could potentially
dimensioned or that sword somewhere
yeah yeah that would have been really
useful but the guys went and took the
book and didn't consult with us and now
we get to deal with it and that's just
the way it goes and then the camera
shifts and when it shifts tamago Toro
gives the PCs 500 inspiration for all
the bad ideas so you're back you know
just wait they'll be more that we're up
to nine yes great idea of going to the
library in the middle of all of this I'm
good so you go to the library and you
want to research the robust is that or
er you're gonna teach him the oh I'm
gonna be kind of scatterbrained I don't
think he's actually gonna learn anything
because I'm gonna throw the the
transference ritual the ritual for
consuming magic items at because I think
there's a link there and then me or a
Boris okay I do everything you can to
understand these rituals and see if he
understands these rituals for future
games
um so so the only thing that's gonna get
accomplished I think is is researching
but I kind of like prime him to get
ready to learn some other rituals right
while we're doing that Yousef what
becomes clear to you is that he's
talking about a ritual of transference
and a ritual to consume magic items the
the consuming magic item things was an
error of the ritual of transference it
was not like a ritual that does that but
that's about the only thing that it's
sort of clear right now but in essence
we he was able to take a ritual and
change it to do something entirely
different and wonderful with his ritual
are very fascinating just like Yousef is
trying to do the same thing with the two
fundamental ideas he has with regards to
time flow if you can take a little bit
from this one a little bit of that one
and changed him into something brand-new
he use of loves this idea that we can
take no magic another magic and mix them
somehow it is the whole third new
avenues and new possibilities and
whatnot so this is right as Ali
so ezra are you saying that the ritual
that we learned after creating the elder
sign wasn't a ritual that wasn't to
destroy a magic item though no that was
to consume a magic item that was to
consume power from it oh remember after
the other side I started like doing a
bunch of research to try and get back oh
oh okay sorry sorry yeah I'm done I'm
mixed up
so yeah you can start to find that and
so what you will you'll see the
connection between the two sawano
because you're looking for kind of and
that's what it is is this is sort of an
alteration of the ritual of transference
because when the thing is consumed it
transfers that power somewhere else and
that's kind of what happened you think
with Jonah in the stage not quite though
cuz the staves still seem to be there I
think I don't know I don't know
anyhow Ouroboros alright so you can both
you can both make library use roles
already used up all my good roles today
oh my god oh 101 Oh what Joseph thing is
I got a hard success I don't do bad
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] checks so you know you go
beyond the the basic stuff which I'm
gonna go into now a little bit just sort
of for expositions sake but the warmer
robos is a symbol of a serpent devouring
its own tail in a circle and it has
become deeply associated with sort of
Western mythology especially noir stuff
but it actually had its start in Egypt
and so it comes out of Egyptian
mythology and what you see is that
there's some really disturbing you find
some really disturbing references to the
3rd and 4th dynasties that dark period
that you don't like that talks about
Ouroboros and
a headdress sort of thing and definite
connection you with with a no wanting
with a hard success you find a definite
connection to the black Pharaoh but what
kind of connection do we find like he
was using some this power or it was
devoured himself so what he was using
this power to devour things and that's
why one of the things you find is that
one of the derivations as this sort of
got mongrelized down the down the path
that went from Egypt to Greece to so on
to so forth is that the the the term or
the the term or a robust which I'm going
to say differently every time because
overall the Annunciations yes is
actually Greek the Egyptians didn't have
a term for it it was just there were
there were signs of it and in the Greek
it actually means let me pull this up
here it literally means tail food I eat
and you find a lot of references to the
black Pharaoh and the the the
hieroglyphic for consumed what was the
tie in with the headdress that we found
in these old books
I mean circle it's round you know
symbology hmm
there was there were some hieroglyphics
found of that serpent symbol being
placed upon someone's head with a top
dressing it's when I was in the dream
worlds I I imagined that there was a
serpent that was called era remember
there was also a headdress that the
snake became a headdress
in the dream world we were that huh yeah
around my head maybe that's why it came
to me huh so so now that the staves are
gone what I'm thinking is we need to
figure out an order in order for you to
be able to use your powers if we can do
something similar to what happened if we
can put little amounts of essence into
items and contain it and then transfer
those into you we we might be able to
help you out like this I only have so
much innate willpower for lack of a
better word tonight no idea this will be
successful or not so and unfortunately
Joan had those wonderful staves which
would store willpower now they're gone
when she can't do any thoughts yeah gone
I don't think is the correct word but
inaccessible to us do you mean you think
they're inside of her they were inside
of her they're still they're still there
they weren't completely consumed it's
not like the other ritual that's
disturbing that means that you think
that means someone could take them out
but I do want to see anyone try there
must be a way to create those sorts of
magical batteries others have done it
before us many centuries and millennia
ago it's been done so it must be a tome
somewhere that details how to create
these items well it's some other library
Hulu meet those roles I think oh I can't
wait does it yeah cuz it doesn't start
at 1:00 right nope oh oh oh no well that
old one now Tom 33 no success nope
so yeah we'll definitely have to doesn't
have to keep an eye out in the
meanwhile I'm gonna teach you I'll try
to make time to teach you that the the
two rituals that we know and if we can
if the headdress can give us a way to
mask using the book we we might be able
to find more information in there okay
there there are some things I need to
reread in the book I have an idea
well well hold off on that well maybe
you're right I will hold off on that
when we have a chance later but I do
have a question for you
this your I've seen all your notes about
elder signs and I watched you I spread
them out on the table I can't believe
them anywhere anymore cuz buildings will
get burnt down I'm just satchel full of
notes with me at all times now my my
little my little book is coming together
I've got the first chapter of the
Necronomicon and then I've got three
rituals so I just spread everything out
for you let's go that's a heck of a
messenger bag you'd be carrying around
we both do we both have her all our
notes and our possessions then we've
burned anymore so he's got all these
notes and journals and scribble Scrabble
and whatnot at a character I wrote down
at some point a transit the Vale ritual
does it ring a bell that's right
transit the Vale
of the ritual that Cavour used trance
transit Vale which the Vale yeah that's
figure out what is it contemporary
within your notes below the word elder
son which I've now crossed out on my
character sheet so what did you lose
that burned you you found like a book or
something
wasn't that wasn't that one of the
spells that you wanted to learn was how
to muck around with time and how to go
places
yeah is that the name of your ritual
what the actual spells in a different
portion of the cash machine that's the
name of what you do okay you're
transcending the veil of time okay all
right so ladies you're gonna go get them
at the library is that sure yeah okay so
it is now the evening of the 16th and we
have gotten a third hotel right you are
in the third hotel all right so we'll go
and fetch them mm-hmm all right you are
all together okay what's what's the plan
now it's time to go well we've got two
problems I don't know if we have a plan
but neither Cruise is gonna come out of
the sword sooner rather than later
yeah and the rest of the capstone is in
Shanghai Oh Jack Jack Brady fellow too
late to book passage it might be too
late to book passage tonight but I think
that needs to be the first thing that we
do in the morning because we were
dealing with the sword today out of
character would there would would they
have gotten us that late or would there
still be time this was close to closing
time at the library but could we have
booked passenger before that is the
question sure yeah we're gonna yeah when
do you want when do you want you want to
do it tomorrow
um you we don't own anything so so like
whoever's making the arrangements makes
a credit rating role you know you can
leave tomorrow who has the best credit
well here's the thing is that Silvana
did you leave anything back at the hotel
that I could use out of our kitty I'll
give you advantage on the credit rating
role because you have the party Treasury
okay yeah let me try this so do we
want to leave tomorrow right away or do
we want to leave Wednesday morning both
of them are at 18 Cole all right so
there is there are there is a ship
leaving tomorrow or
there's a ship leaving on Friday I think
we leave tomorrow yeah we need to be
booked tomorrow ship yeah Shanghai yes
it's gonna be a six week voyage if
you're gonna go basically through the
Suez Canal all the way down and around
and up when I'm booking the ship I ask
the gentleman because I'm still stuck on
this how many days until we hit the
Indian Ocean because I'm assuming we're
going Suez Canal that's where I'm sorry
Suez Canal East yes okay not med Pinet
Panama right right you are not you are
not going the other direction in Panama
South America yeah but if we went the
Med across the Atlantic through the
Panama and then to Shanghai versus Suez
Canal basically this is like a
weatherman you're gonna go through here
into the Indian Ocean you're gonna stop
in Mumbai whoo and then you're going to
stop in Manila on and then you're going
to stop in Hong Kong excellent and then
you're gonna stop
finally in Shanghai you will enter the
Indian Ocean after about two weeks oh
okay so it's not like I can deep-sea
dive this sword not really so we we go
ahead and get passage and then we'll
meet up with the guys and talk about
what to do about the sword yes yeah and
we will have that conversation after our
break Hey all right we're gonna take a
quick break here we will be back as
quickly as six people can use six
bathrooms
[Music]
you
welcome back friends we are we're back I
want to do a couple quick reminders that
a little business again the QA give us
your questions YouTube post questions in
the YouTube comments for us I'll go in
and check and we can get those in there
and our friends here on Twitch and our
friends on YouTube this episode will go
up on YouTube on Monday so go there
enter in your local food bank to get
entered into that drawing and to
drastically diminish my game board game
spending for a little while that which
is is welcome so make sure on Monday
when this episode is posted if you're
here on the twitch chat go in there post
the donate link to your local food bank
YouTube right now just take a second
slap that in there we really appreciate
it
and you're you're helping out your food
bank which is awesome and you'll be
entered into a chance to win one of
Steph's awesome game calendars all right
so everybody's back together and you're
trying to figure out what to do with a
sword how do you solve a problem like
NIDA Chris doesn't scan but make sense
how much time do you think we have none
basically it's sometime today so
sometime before midnight well we can
leave her in the desert that's all I can
think of we can't throw her in the Nile
then I was the heart of Egypt they would
die with her in there
is there another Nick you're muted
is there another pyramid we could lock
her in not that we could go fast enough
not even the the three outside of town
right there Jesus not there maybe they
aren't necessarily made for her ceiling
so she's wherever she's gonna end up
she's gonna end up I mean honestly if
she's in the middle of the ocean yeah
but the problem is we're not gonna be in
the middle of the ocean we're literally
gonna be like five you know in five
miles from here tomorrow morning and
also that's tomorrow morning that's not
you wanna do want to rent out an extra
room at the backup backup hotel
just leave the sword in that room and
she comes to and she's like oh I'm in a
hotel room with a sword is there anybody
that we hate oh that sucked
but yes they kept priestess what about
her let's get the serve we like no no
like her she helped us a lot
oh I didn't know we liked her I want to
inspire my palace and leave the sword in
the palace check if everything's okay
yes I will inspire the power all thank
you yes are you doing a full roller yeah
much much better that's 13 so that's
actually a hard success on the brow with
a hard success you totally control the
urge you suddenly had to draw the sword
okay I hate to mix metaphors but I
think she's coming let's get to the
hospital hospital why are we going to
wait I'm just oh I see it's like a baby
coming to me in like the gallery that we
you're down here in my Brady Bunch
awesome I think she's about to breach or
whatever that is well hurry and rent a
room wait wait wait wait so you're
saying we should put her in just another
room and just and then we want the sword
back right after she leaves goods I
don't care if she wants to take the
sword she's taking the sword there's
very little we can do about that if
we're there or if we're not true waiter
and she's gone and the sword still there
we get to keep the sword what floor are
we on the third floor so by just
whipping out the window and just be like
mm-hmm
no sir and a person would pick it up
from the street and take it yes and then
fill it with blood and then
she'd emerged oh my god or one of the
people who has been following us we'll
get it okay
how many rooms do we have cuz can we
clear out one and just put her in there
you have your five rooms yeah okay
we could double bunk another 500
inspiration from tamago Tora all caps
reminds you that that belongs in a
museum that it belongs in KU fours
little museum with his weird little box
of stuff that's a really good idea let's
get to him you guys we don't hate him no
he did you know I told you he's coming
after us because of that book Oh
explain it to him yes if you're gonna
say oh yeah I just borrowed the book I
need up some copper wire yeah that
doesn't work I just keep it to him let's
give him the sword you know well there's
an exchange trade hold this for us we'll
hold the book and we'll trade among get
back okay he's gonna agree to that I'm
sure yeah sort of remind everybody in a
moment of clarity that I wasn't sobered
up then I'm like oh my god we're in
trouble
we have three beacons on us so I think
neither Kris can find us wherever the
hell we put this thing three hold on go
walk through them Tedric what this is
not a beacon book is a beacon names
staves I don't think the staves are a
beacon know they're they're safely
tucked away so to speak okay I didn't
thank you properly for that Silvano
welcome I it was a happy accident I was
thinking of a different ritual and it
worked it worked and you blow up I
didn't die
let's get the solar producers let's get
to him before he comes to us let's go to
him first
know you kind of late but okay okay I
tell you what why don't you give me the
book and then you can go talk to him how
to conceal the book yet let me talk to
him about this if he wants to book back
after I talk to him I will give it to
her I promise if I can't convince him
that I will return it to him as if I
can't do anything else that will be my
thing
it's an awful idea oh it's the worst
idea I'd be lying if I I wanna watch not
wanting to watch the train wreck me too
I gotta see this bless your heart for
him in southern he's insane it's it's
better this way than he comes to us
think about didn't Joan has the
headdress taught you how to conceal the
book yet it said give it to me yeah and
then it will be concealed and then you
said no teach me how to conceive and it
said get I have to have it that's all it
would tell me yeah of course yeah it
says that I yelled at it okay you again
I have had so dislocations we just know
you you ignore it when it's like that
you ignore it
Justin if you listen don't you think I
oh I did not make it
monitory it's it's too much - to luck I
I will tell you I rolled a 90 all right
so I'm not sure every roll I think we
roll we have bar line that's gonna put
you back down to eat inspiration that's
fine
god I would look here I threw those I
threw those dice away I have another
care this is with the headdress 75 right
yeah so yes I made it okay good 92
everybody not named Joan make a spot
hidden roll think all of us are good at
that right oh wow reasonably but I
failed them hard success yeah you would
swear that just for a second there's
like The Staves kind of superimposed
over Joan and everybody loses five magic
points what what oh you definitely feel
a little innervated all of a sudden Joan
[Music]
taught you anything yet it's cook for
coming
Joan what did you just do what happened
I got I yelled at it what did you just
do you that's it do anything just you
hunted something out of me those of us
attended magic just realized that you
just drained our magic I didn't do
anything and you run booing what yeah
okay something I did I just
you were just taunting me no and that
was it that was it I got mad I wasn't
taunting you I was telling you to ignore
the headdress when it gets up at he Emma
tell her yeah you kind of have to put it
back in its place and tell it just
simmer down we'll get there in our own
due time and and I did and it hasn't
really talked to me since
but the staves on your chest just glowed
and I feel like I've just had two years
of my life sucked out of me yeah I just
gotta keep me punched our souls that's
our souls Souls
Oh
oh well the sched that's what they do is
they they take energy so yeah it's just
a little energy it's just a little bit
is not was a little bit that's a lot
that would be horrible that was being
punched in both kidneys at the same time
I know what it feels like okay so it's
not something that I asked it to do or
that I tried to do but I got angry but
that's something you need to know and we
wouldn't like you when you got angry
look at my sword
sure is it doing anything No are you
drawing it a little bit like I'm kind of
looking overall technically what I'm
doing is that I'm just kind of looking
up to where's the camera there it is
yeah like up to about here yeah make up
our role here comes 15 here comes
victory but you you once again control
the urge to draw the sword okay but like
I want to see what it is it glowing
isn't anything happening within the 15
you are also aware that drawing the
sword would be a terrible idea because
okay Lord wants to be drawn okay and it
it's is it looking any different no no
it's still glowing with the same glow
and everything the elder sign is still
um yeah I make it I'm used to find you a
hard yes actually
success the alt so the symbol that was
on there seems to have altered you you
swear that's not the same symbol it used
to be to something that gives me the
creeps
it's not great it it seems like the
symbol now is actually that a robo sign
of a serpent eating its tail and stay
Oh what's going on what changed what
changed the song symbol the signs of
different see I'm Lamaze breathing it's
coming the headdress nose the headdress
knows about this Joan Joan yes all right
headdress you we are stuck together now
so we have to listen to each other I am
listening to you is there anything we
can do about neither Kris coming out of
the sword no that's not the question I
mean then tell me the flora can do
something about it I don't know his
capabilities but then you'd have to give
him back the book and you can't do that
you've got to have that book gotcha
okay so before might have a something
to do but these gonna want the book so
that that's a no-go what did you want me
to ask so long
Ouroboros this is tied to its we when we
were researching it it's tied to the
headdress and to the black Pharaoh like
he he was Joan Joan I wrote some notes
from the library from the gap the actual
hieroglyphs I drew the pictures looking
for the book I see the serpent headdress
both him mmm-hmm I'm out by I'm right
I'm right behind her no no this is this
is good this is good so that symbol that
we see on the sword right now or it's
lost you with the 30 theorem that Emma
and Alexandra are no longer in the room
got yeah where did they say they were
going I was asking what is going they
just left
so peek out the door like where are you
going I'm an intelligence roll silvano
you know what that when you said before
or whatever could help us I was like and
you guys just start bickering about the
library I was like at this table flip go
yeah and I'm not letting her go anywhere
by herself because I know Emma oh I
think I think they might you going took
a four with the sword let's go let's go
talk to him oh let's go act what we're
gonna think something that we don't want
to do first
he he is not going to be happy with us
he is not going to be that's an awful
idea so we can't we can't avoid him we
if we wait he will come to us after dad
let's go to him first let's cut it off
at the pass he's just you just a minute
so John has a headdress taught you how
to conceal the book it said give it to
me that's the tummy you conceal the song
he it will have a radius and conceal
risk teach Joan how to conceal the book
so that we can use that it just keeps
saying give it to me yeah I've heard
that I heard that several times that's
part of my book that is the reason why
we stole the book the headdress one of
us - is that what you're saying the head
just the headdress wants you to give the
book to me so nobody can see it exactly
you've got too many things
you got too many maybe maybe maybe with
the the synthesis of the book and
headdress and the staves it can help us
it could keep us safe yes yes Oh tiny
minds tiny minds tiny minds okay look I
don't was like for this guy but he's
been right I can't help it Sylvio I've
got a job I'll fall good women I'll
catch you later there they're going
right now no no no the door doesn't the
four I need to be there no trust me he
doesn't trust you anymore
he does I trust me we can always well
here's the thing we have we have a
ritual we have rituals we can trade for
him he were bringing him the sword
get there a little before everybody else
yeah
it is a race walk through the streets of
Cairo to the Egyptian Museum
I think I think I think we can get there
a little faster we cool you know the
shortcuts the problem is your your pass
all in debt cafes so as you you know yo
I was actually the long way oh oh and
they're closed yeah you have to resist
stopping for a Turkish coffee or
something you know we could really use
it to really good so how late how late
would we be just like five minutes later
if we pick something up how long did you
guys bicker her bound stop there it was
only about three minutes or so yeah it's
only a couple minutes behind you are you
gonna stop at the cafe no come on guys
guys you were the one who's saying we
have to go now we just pulled the money
down on the counter we III do I do want
to say that while we're going I want to
see if I can see if anyone's following
us as best as I can well be well - and
well run walking through the streets or
ah - you do not feel like anybody's
following you nice I wouldn't if I were
them either
I mean two crazy white women have
running through the streets on I row I'd
get out of the way one more pal roll
Emma okay like to me this is the
equivalent of I'm giving birth and my
baby is and we're not in the hospital
yet fifteen so I am hard success
yeah nice you once again there's an
impulse to draw the sword and that's
when you realize that the sword is not
wrapped up it's on your belt
I I'm I'm walking as I'm actually I
better break up to a run at this part
because if you can see my sword it's all
out Your Magnificence you get to the
museum and you know that you go down in
there and dr. Kapoor is there and he
can I help you dr. Cerf or we don't have
time for pleasantries 90 chris is in
this sword and she's got to come out
right now
help how what I don't know she's just
this symbol has changed from an elder
sign to what does it call again
Ouroboros okay that's it I was like an
oculus andorra Boris and long story
short she got sucked into the sword then
the elder son was holding her now the
elder sign is not there now it's a thing
now she wants to come out she keeps like
bugging me to like put draw the sword
it's help help that is utterly Vil why
here because we've got to get rid of it
I don't know how to get rid of it and I
don't know how to seal it and I don't
know come with me okay you into that
reading room and once he closes the door
you can see like he calms down some once
the there's like it this is a
essentially a cage closed he he like
feels a little relaxed yes all right put
it on the table you must not touch it
again okay when you held it did you feel
a compunction yes many times yes it
wants me to draw it that's how I know
she's coming out I believe the only way
she can get out of the sword is by death
is by having the sword drink someone's
blood so how can we lock it up so that
are you still associated with those two
charlatans ah yes yes totally sorry for
what they did I didn't know until they
actually did it we had no idea what was
going on until it was over
replaced it and on the like on sitting
on that he pulls up from the chair with
what sort of monster does this sort of
thing I think they were possessed by did
I hear them about the head dresser I
know he mentioned it did he mention it
my presence though I think so yeah sure
okay I think that one of the two was
possessed by an item that is extremely
selfish and kind of bossy and a bit of a
know-it-all like how it's gonna stop the
whole end of the world from happening
and I mean it's just it's just such a
pain in the butt and I wish it would go
away and it's kind of like having your
mother with you all the time
but anyway I'm sorry so it just it
probably told him what to do all the
time and wouldn't relentlessly stop
nagging because that's what it does how
many evil artifacts do you have on your
piss on your person on my person this
wasn't evil until I stabbed knighted
Chris with it and then it became evil
technically I did that but yes if I had
not read I was Eve multiple times I
would not believe any of this but we
know that that you have much more
knowledge about this sort of thing than
we do and that's why we came to you but
haleh's 'if are we there do you need a
lift in order to make it sanctify the
sword and make it I don't touch it
technically but I point to it thanks to
by the sword
albian safe you're gonna kill the
professor I'm a plain one t7 so I still
make it alright and it's it's just on a
heart successor yeah just like grab her
by the shoulders and gently pull her
away from it just like let's let's not
have you and you see her like she full
control like her hand stops above the
sword but you're still like do you need
al-aziz yes done let's and then I grab
Alexandra and we go back outside and
look at these Yahoo's right you come out
of the cage when when you open the door
he's like please close that okay I shut
the door and then what's the name of
this show again what's the name of the
title of the show again
don't kill me and I'll do the best I can
I was busy I grabbed Alexandra and I was
like we have to get the book don't kill
him but let's do the best we can so un
if you engage just as they're coming
around I'm just like apology biscuits
Castellano grab it grab yo seven guy
come you have an apology to make
right now I'm following and just like
grab and grab him by the shoulders and
propel him towards the door
alright when you come you see afore is
like standing at the table staring at
the sword no no no no no oh
he sort of snaps out of it and actually
what steps out of it is the sound of
your voice you push back up yosef we'll
we'll just that single word open up the
breathing to gauzy bout and place it on
look at the professor just just look at
him for a moment he like opens it it's
it's the real thing I brought it back to
you why would you steal this the book
wanted me to take it I'm sorry
so the headdress the headdress I don't
know what it was one or the other
the headdress something was telling me
don't you recall my associate professor
Cusco so he used to write yeah yeah he
used to have this honor we were able to
remove it from him and thinks our minds
have yes yeah oh you remember during the
ritual
oh no you forgot you forgot that you
came with us oh never mind what you've
lost a lot of memories I yeah we
actually met you before and we we showed
you some rituals you you saw it burn
through the headband that I was wearing
at the time we were at the Red Pyramid
then people died I aid and then you uh
you freaked out created a a magical door
passed through it and then when we came
back to visit you you had completely
forgotten meeting us the first so you
had already taken me into your
confidence and then you came back to
why do you came back to read it and then
and then you stole it
well the headdress Hallows Eve talks to
you oh yes it does it does there's no
talk to you it talks to me in my I see
it in my sleep I see it in my dreams
like I look at that professor I said
never does it ever talk to you no
doesn't it call to you there are
passages to know
why you are using an instrument of evil
a weapon is open only if used in the
hands of someone that is trained and
skilled in its use you are a danger to
everyone with this knowledge I'm sorry
that's not what you said when you
allowed us to use it over and over and
over every single day we came to read it
yes you wish to read it that's before I
knew you were going to steal it oh here
it is it's right here I'm not sure what
the problem is it wasn't
misunderstanding we brought it back but
you've brought my book back and you are
leaving me with an evil sword oh yes so
uh let's have some notes on some rituals
if you're interested in learning any of
those alright are you trying to save the
world or indeed are you are you trying
to help the world or I'm trying she
needs your I I think she needs your help
with the sword perhaps your your
knowledge you'll be able to do so head
dresses but the head dress did tell us
that if we had the book we could save
the world right now it was the only
reason we agreed to it so yeah I think
it's very often correct professor we're
trying to do the right thing here we
brought the book back to you I that is
the part I don't understand why not
because thieves don't usually do that oh
I take out the first I take out the
first chapter look I I was I was
translating it once I was done this is
quite good
well we both but I I can only take a
little bit of the credit Joseph here is
absolutely brilliant my English is very
good
and I read and speak Arabic so we were
hoping that we could just bring it back
once we were done but there need to be
you are copies of this book in the world
not more we were told that it was
essential for saving the world and we
didn't want to take yours so you took
mine we didn't morrow but but we took it
we were hoping to make a copy and then
return yours discreetly we were hoping
you might not notice how long do you
think it would take you to transcribe
this monstrous work how many chapters
are there there 40 40 well perhaps 40
days oh very biblical day closer to 2
months I mean we hadn't that night been
incredibly smoothly
I don't think give me gift you got to
give some wiggle room for something like
this yeah two months I have spent two
decades reading this book I've read it
well done why is it taking you so long
to read it so a few times didn't you say
the first time that it took you three
days of constant reading yes but once
you start to realize what you're reading
the first time you read it the first
four times you read it you don't really
know but that is real-time vistas
unknown vistas open to you
mmm how many times have you read it
Joseph oh I think maybe seven or eight
why to keep track in the turbulence you
have read a lousy eight times maybe
seven what what if how are you spaced me
that silvano gave me I loved me there's
a copy of Alice Eve in the in the dream
lands we spoke about this and she
remembers you keep forgetting things yes
they said that you were the one who told
them about yes you say you keep
forgetting
things everybody make a psychology roll
I told them I told them before he's a
mouse now 88 okay
IKEA tell him you keep forgetting things
okay all right
I'm oh yes that silly me
so you're just looking for the book and
the sword here it's up to you doctor you
know best
now we're deferring to your expertise on
this
our primary goal would be to trap
knighted Chris remain in the sword and
keep her encased in the sword under
protection he looks around at the cage
he's in block of concrete the wards the
wards that I have here are formidable
but to items like this the the book
itself is a beacon to every unholy thing
on earth yes but it's not being read
it's placed in another location correct
you know it's it's put in a box and it's
kept on a shot on awarded shelf there
are two safe locations then yes if there
is the warded shelf and this room then
wouldn't one be able to stay in one and
one in the other mm-hmm that's a good
point and we don't need al-hadith to
handle the sword I mean if you're
leaving them both here no I want to keep
them as far apart as possible
okay would would you need any materials
or any assistance with setting up
additional warding perhaps a a second
cage like this that no one goes into or
just additional I can I would start
working on that yes
well look you have you've given me
you've given me what was mine you've
returned it and and I feel weird saying
that I appreciate that but it shows
something and you have brought this
horrible item which I will I will
attempt to keep out of the clutches of
anyone I think it's best if you go I
think you're right okay oh he keeps
forgetting things forget I will not
forget this no no but I mean this is I
I'd feel much better if we could take
some measures to to just wrap bind seal
whatever we need to do with even if it's
temporary just to prevent the
possibility that it somehow takes a hold
of you very well let's all step out of
the cage okay thanks al Aziz and he puts
it in the box and he closes the box and
he brings al Aziz out of the cage with
if if you are amenable I need to use
some of your energy to boost these wards
I believe Joe may be able to help you
with that yep sean has plenty of energy
Joe Nick and Joe nicked quite a bit from
us mm-hmm what oh yeah she has the power
to drain people around her of their
souls without their permission
yep
not something I did on purpose and the
headdress has yet to teach her how to
control it I I get that it wasn't on
purpose but it still happened
I still think it's the sword that did it
uh her The Staves glowed oh yeah that's
right yeah it wasn't the sword very well
a professor if you don't mind and he
gives you his hand all right all right
um you take his hand and the headdress
on the headdress says I can see the
future you know yeah I mean so you're
gonna tell me all right do you want my
help
are you gonna be just a jerk about it
and just yell at me all the time
or are we gonna work together don't get
over it I'm a god you're talking to she
why do you need me if you're a god
you're negotiating what no no no not
negotiating with anything I am no
physical manifestation oh that's me and
so we're working together now do you
want you to tell you what I what's gonna
is this what it's like dealing with me
maybe okay headdress what's gonna happen
he's gonna die
everybody does eventually I'm trying to
talk to him in my head instead of out
loud and saying things like that it's
it's very hard no one has been able to
not like blurt everything out oh I know
I know I'm trying I'm trying but all
right we just need to get this done
let's try it
help us please
so the professor the professor the
doctor has sort of been watching this
very strangely and then he puts out his
hand yeah all right and he touches the
cage and there's almost like the bad
Star Trek The Next Generation forcefield
image appears briefly on the cage and
you definitely feel some energy pulled
from you and and but but actually let me
rephrase yeah no it's pulled from you
but you feel like you still have plenty
perfect and and you actually hear the
headdress in it for like it's almost
like it's it's musing to itself you you
hear the headdress say she's the battery
now and ofor looks at you a little
strange and then he goes alright that
has strengthened the wards I am going to
remain here and perform further rituals
but you should probably go good no one's
ever gonna go in this room again I
certainly won't probably put up a sign
or something older yes I can I there
will I can make yes that's a good idea
it will take a little time but I think
I'll start doing that Joe knows the
ritual and has plenty of energy but do
you have that much time no we don't have
six hours to them that you're leaving
tomorrow morning yeah morning yes how
much time does he need how much time
first I need to create the sign itself
right so it's gonna take a while he can
rather not leave this to chance if we
can help it
yeah this feels like famous last words
yeah like how long does it take for you
to inscribe the sign well if I'm just
gonna do it on papyrus with with ink
with no no here like for for doing this
one how long I'm going to first there's
the vehicle I have to put it on
something I can't draw it on a cage okay
and so I would inscribe it on papyrus
using ancient techniques that only we
here at the Museum are able to do
normally the artificers that do this
sort of work it takes days I could
probably do it in about three hours I
think we have time to to get this done
tonight are you sure because the last
time you guys were doing this was I
there and then no you left you left and
then everything went horrible well it
was boring well yes it's incredibly
boring that's that's the maddening part
mmm but but if it takes three hours to
inscribe but using the techniques and
then six hours the ritual isn't actually
the ritual has only been three hours
before is not a constant time can be
slowed or sold up much faster we're
running on empty buddy doesn't somebody
have the ability to control time here
nutsack wait how much can you you can
control time but a lazier has taught me
about the the fluid nature of time and
how time is not a constant and doesn't
flow in an even rate or our perception
of it is it's not the same if one more
time I could discuss this with you but I
need your help I have an idea but I
haven't fully realized it I personally I
guess probably long time around myself
but thanks to me oh you've read it yeah
of course you must make sense to you
it's right there on the pillars I've
been shopping about time in that book
well this it's all over the place it's a
constant metaphor in the book professor
dr. I could show you if we had if we had
the time but well I could slow time for
myself personally I'm trying to
determine how I can bend that so others
can also experience the same thing that
I'm seeing are you gonna SP give it a
try
I could I could try I just read further
that that feels like something that we
should experiment with when it's not as
pressing we should wait till we're on a
boat I do a lot of time boat go faster
just a little too long too many people
are involved with the Duchess I would
really like to spend six weeks relaxing
yeah could use the magic hip points back
and some hit point hit points back and
and some freaking sanity back I was
gonna I was hoping to transcribe more
chapters oh well you do you bro so it
does sound like though we need to have
some kind of ward on this room okay I
will work on it can can we watch I'll be
honest I'd rather you weren't around all
right
that sounds fair but we're gonna help
with the ritual I require no assistance
from Thebes well I don't remember but
we're incredibly impressed with us when
we did the ritual laughs no you're right
I don't remember and we did it without
blood
you created an elder sign without blood
mm-hmm
I told you you were impressed there's so
much we could teach you I beg your
pardon
you don't understand the time dilation
and you've read the book how many times
but you can transcend space and this is
where I take my hand and do this over
two
people's mouths who have to be male and
we just yes you can go strength strength
rule the strength rule oh yeah no I like
pin Yosef with oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
yes thank you very much I will kill you
I was just not a compliment so as
suit like as you are leaving before
turns back and he starts like working on
the on the ward anybody that wants to
can make a Cthulhu Mythos roll rolling
nope not Nick what's wrong with you now
you see why dr. Kapoor didn't want you
guys around I'm not rolling how do you
make it okay everything's fine
hmm that's as though he's actually he's
he's gone and you're gone and away we go
yep alright so unless you're doing
anything else on the morning you will be
tired what now copper wire copper wire
yep the bizarre the bizarre never closes
so okay yeah you can find some probably
not stolen copper wire yeah I don't mind
if it's stolen
alright it's cheap then yeah you find
some cheat you can find some copper wire
for a good price and you are going to be
on the RMS I count will be it's it's not
a luxury liner but it's a perfectly
serviceable ocean liner and you will be
leaving at 9:00 a.m. so about 7:00 a.m.
you're taking the train from Cairo to
Port Saeed and then basically from the
train you will get right on you will
you're booked straight through to
to Shanghai let's see who might have
Joan you might have been to Shanghai
make me a luck roll and I would like to
say that before we leave we send a
telegram back to agent Rogers and tell
him where we're going and what we're
chasing down okay and that night of
Chris's in a sword but hopefully sealed
yeah and that she heralds the return of
the dark Pharaoh all right did you
make it Oh Oh totally III got ya half so
that's great
so you have been to Shanghai before you
know that their government shifts back
and forth between being super strict and
being super corrupt and so it could
potentially be hard to sneak things into
the country or it could be as easy as
bribes literally have nothing I bought
like before we left I bought like an
extra pair of clothes because that's all
I got we have we have Donald's rifle
though yes and various other guns I mean
on the plus side you're no longer
sneaking through Egypt Egyptian
artifacts you know that's right don't
have any of those right now they're just
attached to you permanently stuck in
your body smuggle those staves anymore
you're welcome but I do I am going to
get a headdress basically to put on the
headdress and I'm gonna make it make it
nice so it doesn't I don't want to hurt
it
I just wanted to not you idiot what does
it tell you tighten it as it irritates
you just billing do you actually think
I'm a necklace do you think that poking
that I has any effect on me
did it just irritate you no I'm actually
I see it sir as a gauge of your
intellect
you're trying to gauge my intellect by
asking me random questions
ooh that's not like any professor she's
met before her look I told you kafirs
gonna die I know in that telegram to
that Rogers person Rogers is gonna come
here and kill them all
what did he do in England oh that's
right he killed them all the entire
whatever that royal family's name one
that I'm omniscient and should remember
but don't yes he Rogers Rogers is a bad
guy no well yeah I don't believe in good
and bad he's effective but he's a blunt
instrument he understands cleansing well
alright so me wonder if you understand
more than that didn't that explain to me
what your plan is you keep giving me
little bits and pieces and things and I
I'm not just here to run your little
errands serious I'm very happy to work
with you though I don't understand I'm
telling you what's gonna have you don't
understand all mister omniscient don't
understand serious Hey look I'm telling
you what's gonna happen if you want to
do something with that knowledge or if
you want to play Cassandra that is your
own alright so you're telling me that
that they're gonna go kill kafir yes but
why why would they kill kafir because he
has items that Delta Green is trying to
get rid of and you're telling him he has
those items justice who's telling him
who's telling him I understanding the
telegram to Rogers who say
telegram to Rogers I'm not one of the
ones that's warned me before ah alright
oh I will I will ask them about that and
and we'll tell Rogers where we're going
but we don't need to tell him on the end
there stuff that sounds like a good plan
good on you he's good so I I'm gonna
talk to Emma and Silvano and say are
you guys sending a note over to Rogers
Delta Green yeah yeah we're keeping them
informed yeah but we're not telling him
about the the sword we're telling him
we're going to Shanghai right dad about
the sword why if you do that he's gonna
go after him that's what we gonna good
all right so the headdress and I had a
pal well uh-huh and it's saying that
since we're telling them about we're
telling the Delta Green people they're
going and killing the people who have
these items huh okay it's time for a
follow-up telegram oh so you've already
sent it well hold on hold please hold
for a second
so two letters JK I have a problem with
them killing before but I also at some
point wonder if that's the wisest choice
because he was a lateral [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] great
date at some point yes but it's useful
as he is he is a liability and I
understand if that is Rogers viewpoint
and again you're talking to the
headdress who thinks that it understands
what Rogers is gonna do or whatever his
motivations are which again
fire is totally fine with me but let's
circle back and just say out of the
Rogers headdress Emma Silvano before
line who's the weakest link here Rogers
is that a trick question no Roger I mean
hint Delta Green cannot contain night of
Christmas right and so they go after it
yes they're going to do what you told
them about way if I can just call him
hold on
why do we think that he can't contain
night across yeah why can't we just call
him and ask him if he can yeah I will
have we seen him do anything I mean if
he can great he doesn't need to kill go
for it either way we need to we need to
get in contact with him and let him know
that could for is containing it and that
there's there's various severe problems
with it getting out you've already sent
him a tick a telegram right so we're in
Shanghai right now right no no no God's
no are we in Cairo stone Cairo haven't
left yet okay then yeah time for time
for the follow-up telegram explaining in
much more detail why we chose to leave
it with before and then you know if you
have it if you want something else done
please respond and we will do that
instead but well and very good authority
that he is a reliable means to contain
this that's I mean yes we he probably is
but you also saw how he was staring at
the thing I do not think it unlikely
that he might draw it and pull the Queen
into the world like he was staring at
like you want to drop it just link and
don't agree might have a better way to
contain it or they might not and so we
make use out of the frying pan and into
the fire situation right what are those
soldiers goes inside there to take it
and bring it to them yeah he'll just
start the soldiers exactly exactly
yeah so we should not think they
shouldn't do it cuz Rogers already knows
you're obviously not an effective leader
if you cannot delegate to individuals
who need to solve their own problems
just throwing that out there
we should probably warn him what the
problem is though because if he goes in
unawares then he may send someone in who
doesn't have appropriate guards over
their minds or touches it unwarranted if
they can get a walk around I'll go into
detail that night aggress is a please
stop saying her name well she's in a
sword right now so night of Chris Knight
of Chris Mader Chris oh geez
ever now just just please warn them that
the sword is confined tidwell's we trod
and if someone does draw the sword
enhances it not to mention the sword
with human hands will be in the like or
in human yeah no don't touch it do not
touch it thing is that you actually have
that incorrect it's not about not touch
it's also about not touching it but it
will it will reach out and compel
someone to touch it yes don't go near it
don't go in the door yeah no okay I will
send it I will send a series of
telegrams like one of six in case I did
not drive the point home don't go near
this it will possess you don't don't we
have a way I'm telling them on the world
at the level don't we have a way of
telling them what level of thing this is
and we just say it's this level the
level of your own human interaction is
the acceptable so far as limited Rogers
kind of is binary burn it with fire and
end whatever the problem is or don't
deal with it I I can see why he and Emma
get along yes but yeah we will and will
will await a response from him which
will hopefully be forthcoming in
Shanghai I mean regardless the
information is to him you have boarded
the Vai count at this point and the
Viking sails off and as it does and we
get a montage of images oh boy one
image let's get the comedy went out of
the way first
Rogers in his office gets a telegram he
reads it he reacts he picks up a phone
and he starts to make a call he then
gets a second telegram as he he hangs up
his phone he reads the second telegram
he picks up his phone he then gets a
third picks up his phone the fourth
telegin this goes on for seven telegrams
the last telegram just says we really
my question is which telegram does
Rogers Lucy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] walk out the door phone
across the room
this at the seventh one he has the most
reaction you've ever seen him at which
is his jaw clinches the second vision is
before in the museum he's working on the
he's working on the the ritual until
he's sure you're gone and then there's
like a shimmer and what was calf or is
youssef you might recognize him make a
booth man make an intelligence roll but
I'm making an education roll but you're
gonna have a penalty die to it
can we do an inspiration to give you the
die back no he can just re-roll so he
should be let's see what happens all
right
57 is my worst roll all right it's a
success
sure yes the the image you are seeing is
although I don't know why it like so
this is all something like you guys are
having like a weird dream after when
you've been at sea and you're like
realizing and Al Shakti reaches in he
opens the cage and he reaches in and he
says welcome my queen and he plunges the
sword into himself and the last thing
you see is a Shakti dissolving and some
the third image is is one that chat
actually inspired and I I just like is
somewhere in whatever his version of
heaven is the former sort of amalah is
doing this
[Laughter]
I forgot whose idea that was but I I
quite enjoyed that we also have another
inspiration from tamago Torah because
chat is trying to summon kid well that's
one
they brought well they brought up the
point that his name has been said three
times in Cairo no it wasn't to two times
it was said this third time that was the
third time so you are on the by count
lovely ship you start to sell at a sale
out the ship will stop in Mombasa so if
you wanted to go to Kenya you could get
off the by count we're gonna be we're
gonna be practicing some some amateur
rituals I'm hoping I'm also hoping that
I can do something to get some freaking
sanity back that that will happen sure
you'll also we'll do our skill checks
but we're gonna do that offline yes do
that session so that we're not giving
people the thrilling radio of watching
us roll dice we have how do we get our
magic points back come back over so over
the course of this voyage you're gonna
get your hit points all back so we're
all fully healed you're gonna get all
your magic points back okay and in
Mombasa the ship is there for a day and
they bring on some passengers they bring
on they bring on they get food and water
and that sort of thing by this point
you've been on the boat for almost a
week and in Mombasa
the headdress says she's here yes okay
and I'm so I I will tell the rest of the
team oh she's here you shoulda let
what's-his-name burn everything to the
ground you know that who's on all of the
cruises we ever go on oh I'm sorry this
is never mind I thought it was the other
lady sorry didn't mean that but yes well
we'll just launch Silvano at her
think you're gonna need a lot for that
battleship of a woman I'm gonna work on
my fencing skills some more all right so
each of you on this on the the first
part of the voyage you each get one
skill that you can take an immediate
skill check on it can be one that you
already have a check on this is an
immediate skill check so let's start
Tiana what is Alexandra practicing on
this first part of the trip she she
reconnected with music with the older
with the older lady so I think that she
is gonna be doing like singing not out
where anyone can hear her but she's
trying out her voice and where it is now
sure yeah there's a there's actually a
music room and yeah go ahead so make a
make a was it performance for you I
think it's it's art crafts music and
this is it I want to fail right that's
right yes I got a 15 all right you're a
DJ you gained a d-10 to that skill yeah
yeah cool four more all right and as you
are performing one of the one of the
guys in the band hears you and hey
you're pretty good do you want to do you
want to perform ah sure like in the club
we could work on some numbers like I'd
be happy to you know me and the boys we
have a combo we could practice with you
do something jazzy I'd love that
oh that would be great I really like
you've got that cool kind of earth
mother thing going on did a bit of a
rasp going yeah yeah I like it
well let's let's make that happen I love
that thank you
alright Joan what skill are you
I'm doing fighting swords you are fixing
on the decks sure so make a roll all
right
is there gonna work on her drunk
swordsmanship with yes I actually I was
she's just working on all of her drunken
skills drunken stuff I I did make it I
did well I actually I failed it so that
means I'm a you're gonna do tend to your
fighting with a sword sweetie
Yousef what skill are you gonna study on
this part of the trip well you said does
want to do a lot more magical study with
Silvana but we're not working together
on our little projects he still wanted
to lobby your government's actually
practicing out a lot of things because I
can't and will do that but it's his
hobby when his own personal study time
is going back to those medical sects and
working on his medicine skill okay
sure make a medicine role a failure
which means success so three okay it's
not nothing out of my head Ezra drunken
fighting skill or are you just gonna
start a brawl yes our fight is pretty
decent so I'm gonna work on drunk star
fighting because I do want to pick up
another fancy sword so just to be clear
you have to drink to do you have to be
drunk yeah well here's a question will
not do this with you they're very
worried about you
fine you know what then instead of that
cuz I already have we're all fighting
checked and drug sword fighting track
you can do something that has a check
with this and booster here's the
question that I posted a group do I want
to work on my sleight of hand slash
mixology skills oh I like that that'll
be useful let me just make you
yeah that would be useful slip like you
know I don't know cuz I kind of what is
your sleight of hand to just be real
crafty with like I don't know what it
would be would it be sleight of hand or
would it just be tend bar I mean what
are you are you cocktailing this like
Tom Cruise and yeah pretty much it would
be an art you know what I'm gonna give
you ten to it because it's a skill
you've never used before and because
that's ridiculous everything I'm doing
it is pouring into trying to make
these little metal reefs and instill
energy into them and figure out like a
ritual for that like are you trying to
make more elder signs
no no I'm making little mini Aurora oh I
see okay and I'm trying to come up with
a ritual to to try and store energy in
them alright so so we can deal with that
later if you want to if you want to muse
on it yeah yeah you're not sure like
what is yeah okay yeah you you feel like
something is happening but you're not
sure what so that's the first week
everybody gains to sanity from a nice
quiet nothing's happening week of
relaxation and fine dining and
shuffleboard on the Lido deck laying out
in the Sun drinking in that vitamin D
ring
oh yeah drinking vitamin D I got that
I've been drinking too obviously this
knots I definitely let Emma know how her
cocktails turn out I have no nose like
my guinea pigs yep I would totally stop
by and try a couple yo so don't like any
pig
good hey so Ezra if I've been to
Shanghai do I have any any language
skills there we'll talk about that not
unless you have speak Chinese
I do not right now that's why I was
asking okay you know you could you could
maybe try and learn some on boat that's
a bad that's that's a good idea so that
that would be my next it is it is the
middle of the second week and Yusef make
me a listen roller okay what a success
alright card success notes regular
success alright you are asleep in your
room it's 1:00 in the morning and you
very clearly here it's not a big room so
you very clearly here like your bag
being opened hello where is it where is
it where's what I used are you turning
on a light
oh look around first I'm sorry there is
a shadowy figure over your satchel just
like throwing papers out I'll to the
light on them alright you turn the light
on and there's that moment where neither
of you can see and then you see dr. ku
for like he looks amazing
he's got like ten days of beard growth
and he is he's wild-eyed and he's just
like he doesn't even acknowledge you
he's just under his breath where is it
doctor dr. Kerr for you what have you
done with it
Clara's al-aziz I gave it to you in
Cairo before we left on the boat you
lose your memory again god no that
wasn't me you fool that was a
octi why have you done this we we went
back to the museum with the book and
brought it to you where your office so
we get I brought it I gave it to you
why did was you Alice Eve we didn't
steal it it was a mrs. misunderstanding
no I understand very clearly you took my
book and we brought it back why why have
you done this you've given our Shakti
the book whose action oh oh no that's
what what happened to you why weren't
you at the museum they took me how
strongly men we need to go see we need
to go speak to ever right now come with
me
who's me you you'll know you'll know
come he's like he's very easy to make do
anything because he looks like he may
not have eaten or drank in my food he
like he eats it like he hasn't seen food
in a week and he drinks down some water
they left me for dead inside the pyramid
which one the pyramid it may do him the
black pyramid Oh dark there they're
doing terrible things well let's hold on
I get Chris has returned but we need to
speak to him quickly let's go come with
me please
I know where she is uncle bring it to
Emma's room and then she can rouse the
rest of the game all right
what door so yeah you all well eautiful
are it's you know it's it's gonna be a
lot to have six people in one of your
rooms this is not a fancy suite one you
could like the library yeah is there
like a library or a library the smoking
lounge and just close the door it's 1:00
in the world go in okay so yeah and and
before is like looking around and he's
just wow why why what what what is going
on a hardened how are you here
yeah that's how did you get here oh he
can open a dimensional door trouble
times
just space perhaps but oh gods it did
that but so but we left you with the
with the sword and look and the boss
Shakti was wearing my face and you know
she didn't tell me
oh that's troubling who's out Shakti yes
that's true walks the earth Oh No hey
you didn't tell me about that headdress
you know the future
no the future no I told you he was gonna
die he's here right now pardon me my use
of pronouns was indeterminate yeah he
was playing the pronoun game i'll shakti
is dead you didn't say he you said
confer you're the one who said
everyone's gonna die at some point at
that point I felt we had nothing else to
discuss I was trying to tell you that
when you left the person in front of you
would be dead you decided I apparently
meant he would die of kidney failure in
37 years
and just what is going to happen to dr.
Kapoor he's yelling at me he's yelling
at me again he / they take a timeout for
just one second
Oh mr. Kapoor so you're saying that
night of Chris is free from the sword
that night Chris is where and what is
she going to do now she is now the head
of the cult of the black Pharaoh and she
will presumably seek to bring her cut
her her Prince back to earth
by doing what horrible magic that ritual
with the Eclipse that you are talking
about yes so technically we have until
January to stop her yes can we cover the
book you're you're still but you're able
to to traverse
distances instantaneously still correct
yes although this this was the this was
near the boundaries of my powers but I'm
saying if anything the door to this boat
hmm right yes but we have to get the
other part of the the stone capstone
that's where we're going in the library
it's its proper containment in the box
in the special storage room the chief we
handed him the box he didn't it didn't
go back to the shelf yeah yeah we're
gonna have to do a lot of cleanup now I
say we tell Graham Rogers immediately
I'll I was about to say to laundress we
have someone who will carpet bomb from
from orbit yeah we don't care if that
conditional treasurers measure what I'm
musing on whether or not Delta Green
would have the stones to bought firebomb
a pyramid they could drop stuff might
make some news but they could raid it
they could read it it's really hard to
like strange freak fire in Great Pyramid
of Giza an earthquake I don't know who
this Rogers is but I have to go back and
try and marshal whatever forces are left
to fight night regress can you wait for
us to come back with the other part of
the key what is the name of the stone
the arms I of light and darkness
yeah the eye of light and darkness here
where is the other part it's in Shanghai
we believe that's your good that's more
than a month away whoa what I mean we
need it to seal to seal that pyramid
what happens if you teach us the
Dimension Door spell
took me years to learn what is home time
I've got three weeks what is it we have
five weeks what is she doing now in
Cairo and how powerful is she I think
she is she's trying to the the cult was
somewhat weakened with the death of a
shock tea and she's she's trying to
centralize power around herself and take
take control of all the various parts of
the cult she is as near as I can tell
she is having she's trying to also take
over the English cult the cult of the
black Pharaoh in London we have to start
our own competing cult I thought we
already did that the pyramid cultivar
and then we draw on all the followers
there and yeah people in this cult
salvation alcohol fiery alcohol a third
level you gain the drunken sword
Fighting's you if you become a disciple
I will teach you drunk sword fighting
you're mostly a place to belong you mean
three backup hotels and so those are the
tenants of Emma must always be a backup
hotel so then would it would it be
possible then if you when when you go
back to disrupt the various cells of the
cult and keep them from uniting under
her banner and be discreet and don't die
until we get back well one of those
things is much easier than the other
I do the screams build resistance and
and find men that are willing to fight
but it's very difficult the government
doesn't care the
the the the lion of a male is gone and
so that symbol of unity is missing right
but if you are able to find the various
pockets of the Colt because you said
that she is trying to unite them after
our Shakti's death weakened them yes yes
if you're able to find the various
pockets you may be able to weaken those
pockets and keep them from coming
together to be strong not necessarily by
persuasion or drawing them to something
else get rid of them yes but the problem
is that you also want me to be
surreptitious
I mean stealth is certainly better it's
very hard to weaken a sect of a cult
surreptitiously yeah we are yeah we
understand that yeah it's hard I'm feel
bad about to lower their self esteems no
human no I mean kill them I'm not a
murderer is she human hitting Knight
Icarus I mean yes so she is killable
I suppose I mean she was killable the
first times of years old John has the
headdress turned you into a formidable
sorceress yet actually can you make me a
new sort of Akmala please anyone we
would need a sword to start off with and
then no one can help me bad anyway I got
a cruise ship yeah most Jones tired of
the headdress well here's the thing is
that like Mombasa what's our next are
you Mumbai India yeah baller sword
strike I'm going to so so vana Louie
wants the headdress back and I'm real
matt said the headdress didn't tell me
that that confer was not covered it's
not helping me at all the way I thought
it was I thought we'd had a bond I
thought we would you know but and
Silvana wants to try to take it back I'm
emotion but but it's up to it's up to
Joe and if I'm gonna try you can ask
anyone else that has warned me there are
rules to this thing I can't just tell
you when I told you he was gonna die
everyone I said was gonna die has died
fairly precipitously thereafter I died
too so things happen and you are just
not helping you are in or die you lost a
couple fingers another thing you're not
telling us her wounds were fatal that
crocodile took a chunk of her chunk out
of me yeah dead yet yeah I'm just I'm
trying to figure out if she actually
died at some other point or if she's
just being like that was lethal and I
survived death I survived death yeah no
I I swear I was dead at that point maybe
I wasn't maybe it didn't you know the
the the heart monitor didn't go be known
oh yeah we're going to die yeah I was
gonna die okay yeah okay I can see the
future
maybe I should take the headdress back I
want revenge on the headdress scorned a
little bit but also I want to kill 90
Chris dr. two-foot before can you
dimension Doris back to 90 Chris I need
a new sword I need a new thing let's
just stab let's just stab Emma prime
this all started because I'm a prime and
I'm very angry about that I'm a prime
was what started this whole problem yeah
I think Emma prime was what was wrong
with this problem you want us to go back
to Cairo dimensioned or in Dimension
Door out by the way that
and he said that where we are now with
the ship is it's hard to get all those
soldiers after wouldn't that be a better
option yes I think we tried to get a
just one this time make sure on hit we
were we were not night increases loose
on the earth let's deal with her please
help professor Cerf or weaken the the
opposing cult cells yeah there we are
because agent Rogers may be a blunt
instrument but he works with people who
are perhaps a little more subtle and can
get into new things yes I see so the
headdress nope you you're just not out
I'm still it's still here we're still
working on it so working on it yes okay
cooking thing doesn't bother me I
thought we'd already figured that out
oh that's just my way of saying hi I'm
not trying to bother you at that point
I'm just saying you yes I think that is
is there a way to sell it to send a
telegram from the ship or do we need to
wait till to make port oh there's a
telegram on the ship yeah okay then I
think we should send a telegram to to
Adrian Rogers as soon as possible and
have him rendezvous with with before
with the Frederica for in Cairo and work
on things there while we deal with the
capstone we are only the five of us and
we do not have we only have a certain
number of resources and we need to find
this damn capstone yeah we can't go back
and forth on this I should go back to
Cairo and wait for this Roger's person
yes wait for him to contact you will
tell you exactly where to find you I
don't know it has to wait fort at the
end of the telegram err
it's like does he have to actually wait
can't he start figuring out rituals you
could figure out a lot of stuff before
Rogers gets it holy yeah I mean I'm I've
already started I'm trying to build
resistance among the tribes yes keep on
doing that but then while trying to get
you some more help
all right I tell him to look for me in
our Wasti namaste okay I am staying in
all right and he like goes and he opens
a door that wasn't there and he steps
through and closes the door
sweet girls like I don't have time for
this I didn't say that we but we really
don't have a lot of time like we need we
need him to get back and start to
coordinate with Rogers yeah I know it
would be nice to know it it would be
nice to have it but there's a lot of
point where nice to have me and deal
with this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
so I know like I said yeah we can't be
going back and forth after this is done
though yeah stab the lady I don't eat
after this is done
oh you are speaking my language oh no no
we're just starting right well as soon
as soon as a telegram office opens in
the morning we want to go and and send a
telegram to agent Rogers and tell him
what's going on and what we need from
him I said we could role play I don't
know if you want to run by the role
playing it but I could get the telegram
operator drunk on my bad cocktails and
then he could just send it for us like
whenever cuz he's in the same room so
I'm just be like hey buddy hey buddy hey
buddy
the the telegram goes off and Rogers
will wait for from when one doesn't come
um he the camera cuts to Rogers like
once he's what there's not a second one
except the phone and he says all right
get me Donald and then he hangs up the
phone so we another week passes on the
boat and it is uneventful you gained two
more sanity back I've rounded the corner
to 54 whoa oh my god I'm so jealous at
29 what the third week oh I got a Chris
oh it's night Oh Chris no it's the
Duchesse third week silvano there's a
knock on your door all right I walk over
because it's certainly certainly yosef
that has come to help test out the the
next batch of little little serpent
rings every day you open the door and
standing there is Tidwell no tip well
did will a message for you sir thank
thank you is this your new this your
Newt how are you I'm well sir hey thank
you Mike close the door yeah all right
he's gone the note the note says I
invite you you awful little man to a tea
party in my suite and it has the
sweetener it has the Royal Suite number
on it is it wrong if my immediate
reaction is to open the door again and
then toss it
over the edge of the ship perfectly
legitimate response to those like that's
the actual thing that is no problem so
you read the number but I'm still like
you open your door you run out to the
deck you throw it out and right beside
you you hear Tidwell say shall I RSVP no
then sir
please do very well so you all get a
Tidwell appearance at your door with a
card that semi insultingly invites you
are you the butler from the castle vein
vein that was that thank you as castle
vein I am under new employment after the
unfortunate demise of my employers sir
Oh who's a new employer a peer of the
British Empire lovely I'll be there
then aren't you wonderful sir I recall
your taste in sandwiches Oh
excellent looking forward to it
I'm not enthusiastic about it but I'm
going to say yes because it's better
than it's better than avoiding her and
her springing something on us because
I'm curious yeah no everyone but Silvano
I like my sanity gain Thank You creature
and Chloe for not being a for not being
a luxury liner the Royal the Royal Suite
is lovely it is two stories and there's
a sweeping staircase down to what looks
like a dining room that has been set up
for a lovely tea and the only thing
that's gonna happen in this whole thing
that will challenge your sanity
he's watching the Duchess walk
downstairs which is a marvel of
engineering not only that our feet too
big for shoes and we just hear they'll
go well yeah oh no there's there's like
I'm sweeping appropriate curtsy for a
duchess it's so wonderful to be properly
recognized yeah yes dear
Bertram apparently wanted to try and
avoid this and actually when the
and he takes his seat and the Duchess
and you may be seated
oh thank you ma'am thank you kindly
where is the awful little man he's
I'm sure that he is reasonable enough to
avoid a further discussion quite clear
about that do you speak English you'll
rather Brown oh no well educated I am my
understanding of the English language is
very for God so good to see proper
education reaching out through the
colonies I like you
thank you ma'am this is a wonderful tea
service and your your Butler ISM is a
someone were very familiar with actually
it's like quite a coincidence oh we have
a costume you
well why didn't you tell me that I
should fire him
Ezra he's so very efficient at what he
does he does have the alarming
propensity for showing up just when
needed
what does you do me I was speaking of
the collective you they not teach
grammar or where you come from
Oh English is very big unfortunately as
a language switch never she talks to
Yousef she talks about a decibel louder
oh it's very kind of you to invite us
for 40 your grace I must admit that why
I have an ulterior motive that is
slightly relieved oh really yes how can
we be of assistance we slid well here
tells me that you are somewhat apt at
we have our little skills what's what
what are you missing
you see next door to me is some awful
German man who has taken something that
I prize quite greatly a brooch given to
me by the Queen herself the Queen my
goodness
yes have you reported this to the
captain and the authorities ownership I
would not speak to that Norwegian so how
did he get this from you he took it like
right off her yet
assaulted your person no only awful
little man does that he snuck in when
Bertram and I were at lunch he drugged
Flynn well I came back slid will was
and my brooch was gone could you
describe said brooch to me it's a branch
well it doesn't have a jewel in it
perhaps or no the Queen doesn't give
jewels away it's a scenario which if you
open it has a picture which on this side
is me and on the other side is me and
the Queen it's a continuation it goes
all the way across okay
I'm familiar with this sort of Kari oh
I've seen it before it's deeply
personally valuable to me I would
consider it a favor of the highest level
if you and your compatriots here could
gather for me this item my downstairs
neighbors must be wondering what the
hell is going on
I'm sure rachel is just cackling in the
other room will you assist me in this
matter out of character only if Rachel
gets you a baronet or a Duchess hats to
wear with something with flowers perhaps
anything in here but a little hats back
cosplay is so much fun well
ah how discreet do we need to be about
this hmm was a curious question are you
indiscreet not usually I just wondered
if there just wondered if you wanted
this to be a an embarrassment yes Rachel
I love you thank you to be here but this
is what I've been reduced to yes welcome
to our world
I'm a classically trained actor I of
course would expect you to be the soul
of discretion oh I just wondered if you
wanted to have him publicly humiliated
or anything like that but if that's not
true then that's cool I've merely wish
my brooch back Bertram
you told me that these were the proper
people for this job but they want to
publicly humiliate someone I'm not
interested and anyone be publicly
humiliated your grace you have to excuse
my American companions they don't always
understand how the Brits handle things
I understand entirely what you are
looking for and we will get it
accomplished I mean if I want to
publicly humiliate someone I would sense
them get away from Joe they are entirely
American but I understand and
we'll take point on this I'm glad
there's at least one English person
among a lot of you are you American
sorry he's that he's Egyptian whoa that
sounds exotic do you speak in a
hieroglyphics oh no I love the
stereotypes this is wonderful oh I must
have read that somewhere
yep sure language sure I'm gonna do very
very carefully finished sipping my team
set it down properly rearrange the place
that is in a very upper class British
sort of way
get up sweeper another curtsy and take
my leave all right
I grab a scone stick it in my mouth two
more bites before we go I was like we
need to get out of here British
aristocrat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up as high as it
goes so the door closes and Bertram they
acted like I knew them right and that's
where we're gonna end tonight
Oh like three sizes too small
better than expected but we have a job
now you get to come and help us by
thoroughly American friend I say we just
go ask the German yeah I agree
that's my mean why make it a big deal I
mean we could go to talk to him or we
could catch him when he's out at lunch
and see what happens we do still have
ether we could always break into his
room when he's not there exactly just
ask him first of all can we just find
out if there first of all before we
break into the wrong room let's find out
who the German is it's the room next to
her she says
she said to handle this with are you and
what have you done with him I'm assuming
there's a room on each side of her right
yes there are two mugs at the Royal
Suite and then there are two executive
suites but but utmost discretion and
that's what she wanted
that's what she wanted okay yeah let's
go talk to the German she's still mad at
you by the way she says you stuck her
your fingers in her mouth and that's how
yeah that's not actually how it happens
I know I was right there all right so
that's gonna do it for a throat
shredding episode yes there you go
always save the Duchess for last
yeah yes unfortunately she'll be first
next time so again next week we're gonna
do from 9:30 until 10:00 or until we
stop getting questions a reasonable time
I'm old so I go to bed early
we're gonna do a QA a post-show QA so
put your questions YouTube you can put
them in the comments chat we'll take
them from the chat but also on discord
we actually have a forum on discord for
Q&amp;A questions YouTube don't forget to
give away and please chat watching today
go to YouTube put in the comments with a
link to the donate for your local food
bank we will have a drawing from
everybody that puts a link in there for
that awesome gaming calendar Monday
it's the mitten Amy is gonna be in this
chair and told me that she's gonna do
the Duchess voice all night but you must
die what a Blofeld were the Duchess so
Monday it's the mid M Tuesday the Kaos
agents are back and they have actually
blown up more boats than you guys have
so yeah you know challenge throne I
think there that's what we're saying
our faults and then Wednesday we're
finishing up salt marsh I swear to god
I'm going to name this episode return to
aku para because this thing has more
endings than return to the king Oh
shots fired we still haven't set up the
haunted house I will give you that
epilogue and then we're back on Saturday
and then carbon 21 85 is coming up soon
thank you so much for staying with us we
are I think we're getting better at this
at the the remote thing every time but
man do I want to be in the same room as
you guys soon I could have yelled at Tom
much more effectively as what have been
so much better chat thank you you were
awesome thanks so much for the bits we
end we are putting you're putting in
five which will leave you at four and
I'm putting in four so we're putting in
nine way into the the book which is
awesome mm-hmm and update that Thomas
update it what are our quotes
oh yeah the quotes thank you quotes are
the Joan Hotel I don't want to burn
another Hospital down because we don't
know the meaning of subtlety okay I
don't want to see any magnificence my
personal current winner its turret it's
terrible but it's not the worst idea
we've got two problems I don't think we
have a plan we're gonna think something
we don't normally do another one of my
favorites you guys have tiny minds tiny
Minds and you left and then
everything went horrible I think I
really like it's terrible but it's not
the worst idea
yeah all right
we're gonna do our checks off stream
yeah you guys can do your checks off
stream
I don't care it's not so thanks so much
for spending part of your deke end with
us we really appreciate it
and that was horrible it's like Charles
Barkley and we will see you next week
[Music]
