so last time hey I want
it like I want to say the exact quote
because there was some damning criticism
of the of the Great Dane Society on
YouTube let's see the exact quote your
wisdom from a user who's who shall
remain nameless a terrible evil with the
power to in the world has awoken it
needs to be dealt with
not our problem let's get to Shanghai
but ultimate evil you guys are the
reason she's even active it's your job
as the main characters of the campaign
we're already on the ship but but you
don't change shirts mid voyage the
Duchess would follow us onto the new
ship we didn't want to risk it but
that's a that's a good summary of last
episode the I said if what's-his-name
Kapoor could give us the teleportation
spell mm-hmm how many times we asked how
many times yeah we times have we asked
the real one and how many times have we
asked the one who is the evil one should
give it to us even quicker than the real
one uh-huh do you really know they're
evil so yeah the last time they dealt
with the fact that they stole the
Necronomicon and they gave the book back
to what they thought was dr. Kapoor but
it turns out was Omar al Shakti with a
skin change and he allowed himself to be
killed or he brought the sword of he
brought Knight Icarus out of the sword
and the group fled on to the boat and
they started to leave and because it's
what happens on boats the Duchess showed
up and invited them to a tea party where
she made it clear that she had no idea
who they were insulted them and then
asked if they would didn't really ask
told them they were working for her and
told them that someone named the German
had stoled had stolen stolen had to open
a brooch from her the brooch was a
picture of her and the Queen mostly her
really and I think that's where we're
gonna pick it up it is sometime in
that six week ocean voyage
two weeks in you guys all did your skill
checks at the end of last session so one
thing that I'll point out is that Joan
actually has a skill above 90% and so
because she demonstrated mastery she
actually gained some sanity from that
I'm so close with my knife skill so
close that's disturbing that mastering
knife skill is gonna make you more sane
[Laughter]
normal thing and so it won't kind
absolutely just as I may in the game
mechanically if through skill checks you
get a skill up to ninety you immediately
gain a d-10 Sam or showing that mastery
it's one of the few ways you can gain
sandbag the other of course being the
orient-express
nope nope lies don't as running jokes go
that's one of my favorites so yeah
you are on I even wrote down the name of
the boat look at me going you're on the
by count be the RMS of I count and you
are about a week out of Kenya where
several people got on the boat and you
are apparently work
for the Duchess to quote my favorite GM
roleplay got important work to do no
Joseph and Sylvia very important work to
do is there a library on this ship I'm
assuming the important work you guys are
talking about is going to the buffet
right actually you know something that
you haven't done yet what you haven't
shared the spell that you learned with
us me yeah
what spell the headdress taught you a
spell it was no the only spell I know is
yes Spanish parrot sharks Parekh
banished parrot shark twice I'm sorry do
we all have to say do to do to do now we
have to get in you to get at that spell
there is no about so I have a question
how do I tell them to banish the
banished PS spell that is very tricky
because you don't really I mean you
can't write it down yeah it's something
that is just ingrained in your brain you
have to do it yes yeah it's it's it's
a the description I'll give you is much
much many years ago I was a sixth grade
teacher and one of the assignments I
gave my students was to write down the
instructions step by step of how to make
a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and
then I would make the sandwich following
their directions and most of the kids
would do something like you know not
tell me to use a knife or you know
because it's something you do every day
but it's so engrained in you that you
can't describe it to someone else and
that's kind of how most magic works now
Yousef takes a lot more kind of
scholarly bent to this and he's really
trying to document things that's not
style so we don't have to necessarily
eat like so what we're trying to do is
we're trying to compile magical
knowledge as notes to work from to learn
new things
we don't have to actually learn the
spell verbatim but if we can learn
anything about it and add it to our
knowledge base it might help
I mean she could you could try casting
it and letting them watch and see what
happens
ooh that sounds cool
yeah yeah I mean I you figure nothing
will happen yeah because I don't have
any power I don't have the headdress I
don't have any of that stuff plus we
haven't had lunch yet okay hey-oh but is
it vibrate on this ship yes yeah there
it's but I mean it's rudimentary at best
yeah it's a place where you can go and
like have a quieter sort of study and
that sort of thing it's really lacking
in occult tomes yeah but there might be
some other stuff because I'm trying to
fill in the I'm trying to fill in gaps
and sometimes just basic knowledge is
helpful for that too so yeah sure and I
mean you have you have a transcription
of the first chapter of the of you know
the first bit of the Necronomicon so you
can kind of you know we have a good
amount of knowledge to start from
whether or not we'll be successful is a
whole different German over over a
buffet yeah so you have a lovely meal
and it is it's now like the late
afternoon of whatever day it is it's
probably towards the end of March where
April 7th is when we met with the
Duchess oh well there you go
yeah good to know I have completely lost
track of time right with you today
reckon pretty IRL days yes by the way in
real life or I don't know cuz you were
lazy
so you yeah you have a lovely lunch and
then people if some people want to go
you know what room the German well you
know what room the Duchess says the
German is in but so if some of you want
to go try and do some studying or that
sort of thing and some of you want to go
visit the German so so what did she what
does she want something about a German
why is the Duchess obsessing over a
German now she thinks that he stoled her
locket right I mean really when you ask
me what does the Duchess want the
Duchess just wants people to pay
attention to her she wants to feel
special she wants to be number one
attention for everyone she's kind of
like a headdress no one should make
friends with this German fellow just
meet with him have drinks with him talk
with it become his buddy and then over
the course of natural relationship you
and can go to his room and talk to him
just met I have five friends that I
would like to bring here stay just one
friend or two xandria yes I mean I was
one of the things I was thinking maybe I
could talk to some of the crew and say
oh wow I heard about this guy it's a
German you know and just do that thing
and see if I can find out more
information okay and then you know stuff
and I will go to the library all right
Joan make me a luck roll okay oh yeah
it's a hard one hard success all right
um the guy will tell you that there are
nobody oh I heard about this this
magnificent person and and there's no
Germans there's nobody who speaks German
there's
nobody who's the name and maybe German
what is their name German well I mean we
don't really have I mean I don't know if
anyone speaks German but I I don't we
don't have anyone who's read whose
nationality is German or who has a
German passport well that's unfortunate
maybe I just have the wrong information
if fun I mean if you know what room
they're in
I could I could pass a message on for
you or oh well and I explained to you
know the hallway and that's where I
heard well that would be that would be
awesome and I give the guy a small tip
you're very kind
you're very kind so what do you want to
what message do you want to send to the
not German I want to tell him that
that I I had heard that he was into
archeology and and and items and that I
would love to talk to him about that
okay procuring items all right the guy
transferred the guy like takes a note
he's like well that's very curious all
right he'll you'll pass it on and you
give him your room number how do you how
is he to contact you know I don't want
no I'm trying to think of it's like oh
no you know I'll be around this ship
you'll see me okay so the message to the
person you don't know is look for me
I'll be around all right
if you tell me I'm described there the
headdress why not just the I note is
like you want me to write the your no
that's
I understand I understand I understand
just I don't want to give you no away my
I'm I was trying to think IMing and
things like that so let's see so why
don't I see up main bar 6 p.m. see if he
wants to meet me so scratch out the
whole headdress bit yeah I'm sorry about
that just lets me at the main bar and
main bar 6 p.m. very well thank you
no problem all I'll pass your message
on ma'am I appreciate you better than I
would have done my message would have
been I believe we have a mutual enemy
[Laughter]
[Music]
message to like everyone I don't know
just like boxes the chair of one person
at every table at dinner that would be
amazing so you can tell Joan doesn't
date a lot so are you guys gonna study
are you hmm yeah we're working on
various rituals what are you trying to
learn cast the spell yeah well we'd love
to record your morning tune with things
like this so you can write well Yosef is
it said certainly his main issues main
issue is trying to see if he can change
magic or change spells from one effect
to another effect that's what he's
mostly fascinated by but you have to see
those to know what magic can do right I
mean I would think yeah you have to know
what to see the spell cast a spell know
what it does and then try to change it
yeah pal role as you
walk through this okay I was like what
walk so I want to do this in I'm
assuming there's nobody really in the
library because most people yeah the
library is okay so I make it 24 is a
hard success actually heart Wow nice
alright so you both clearly feel a
brief change in the like air pressure of
the room you know there's like a little
that feeling in your ears not quite
popping but there's a definite like feel
of something that happens am i you
lose four magic points what okay
they come back right yeah anyway she
didn't have to do anything she didn't
have to say anything
no this looked I mean she did there was
no there was no chanting there was no
this was just like she looked a little
constipated for about 20 seconds and
okay I write that down I have to I have
to go based off what I can see I'm not
as in tuned hopefully you were able to
to get something more she didn't do
anything
well that's cuz there's no yeah and then
I almost said the word of what they are
that's cuz none of them are probably
here I hope she did but you didn't make
a sound didn't do a particular motion or
even give me nikon taxes nothing well
Ken Ken Emma can you describe just
anything that comes to mind like any any
way that you can describe how you did
that it doesn't have to be exact but
just collecting is I just want to
collect as much information as possible
make an intelligence roll Emma let's see
how instinctive this is oh god now I
mean do you guys want to bother to spend
inspiration you know what my
intelligence is $20.00 it's going to say
we know how low your end is I'm sorry
but
that were that so yeah there is this
feels utterly instinctive to you this is
you know this is like trying to explain
to someone how you're double-jointed oh
yeah I was gonna say you just are so you
just think it and then it is can I kind
of try to glean any information
whatsoever from that or is it just a
complete that she's a cipher I mean your
your your basic supposition is that she
did something but you're not even sure
she knows what she did she made a face
that's interesting I don't see that face
very often remind me did they know that
the headdress taught you that yeah yeah
oh yeah oh yeah there's there's a
definite connection it was with the
headdress she started making good
decisions and then she was able to cast
a spell so weight just by wearing the
headdress it can it teaches her magic
well that's how I learned the yeah
weren't you guys there when I was
yelling at Joan about how the head rose
just gives you a spell and you kind of
go boom and then you know it and you
watched that happen to me in the
hospital before I cast the ritual on
Joan so at that moment you were given
the knowledge before that you didn't
have the knowledge at all not right I
mean I had some similar knowledge but
not on this level the the the knowledge
that I had before was was sketchy at
best I knew nothing so yeah of course
that was some ritual that it taught you
what they talk to Emma was actually a
powerful effect or magical effect
entirely different hot note so when we
were doing the ritual to create the the
sword there was a point where it taught
us how to unleash
the full power of this stay staves me
and then I had the option of back out of
that did I learn any of that information
or did I completely pass so the
headdress is the one that unlocked the
extra power yeah you feel like maybe you
could do that again but you I mean that
is you know that's like you know how do
you walk you you don't you can't explain
it I have a concern this headdress I'm
told was found Gavigan it was in his
possession he was using it to do
horrible rituals correct yes yeah it was
okay it was okay doing that
what are you having and get it from and
who was used it before him and before
him in before that we did our research
we had the Ouroboros right yeah hold on
I'm gonna need some help because the
player character the player doesn't
really remember but I just want a car in
episode Emma need some help if I need
some help remembering things cuz again
sometimes it's a bit sketchy but Gavigan
actually got it from somebody in
fill-in-the-blank egypt okay yeah yes
Egypt Egypt and that person's name was
that was some of the stuff that al
Shakti sent so yeah so al Shakti and so
there is the same cult that Gavigan was
part of here part of in England was also
in Egypt and they're sort of competing
for the black bears attention and so
they wanted the headdress and the staves
and things back so they were very upset
that Gavigan actually had those items
and then once then what those items to
bring back their Dark Lord yeah these
are so popular it's useful to them for
that purpose
other things too I mean don't you know
hey raw power is a beautiful thing we
got to figure some of that out on our
own I'm just concerned I'm concerned
because this the headdress has told us
something to the effect that it's it's
helped people in the past stopped the
black Pharaoh but I'm wondering if
yeah here's the thing is that it may lie
it may not lie but it just it has sort
of a weird way of doing things that I
don't necessarily agree with and when
they say weird I mean terrible Thanks
you know it was again - it has a
heartless pragmatism to it like run away
burn the house down you know oh it's a
ether the headdress headdress out I
don't understand no no no no it's
adjusted it for various activities that
it would make things more efficient
because if I don't want to kill and it
was like well ether good talk Thanks so
so okay I think our goal is to
assimilate or bring together an army
to defeat the black Pharaoh in January I
mean that's kind of kind of it right if
we can if we can get the rest of the eye
of light and darkness we can prevent his
pression I had been given we can do that
we will still need some sort of army to
defeat all these other horrible people
that are actually try
bring it back and they're not gonna let
us display capstone on this pyramid and
and leave it there yes there's some
forces to stop them from removing I have
to deal with them when we get back but
but we still need to get we're on our
way to Shanghai also really terrible
ideas but fun and exciting ideas okay I
don't understand this I'm gonna
interrupt my sentence for a minute the
muffin mage because that's the best name
ever also gave five hundred bits to use
the ether I think that's like you only
get the inspiration if you use no okay
so the next time the Dutch just puts her
well yeah that actually kind of is a
given
I mean I'm okay with that what happens
if can we bring people from the
Dreamlands back with us
I mean Emma Prime came back and Julius
Caesar and Octavian obviously defeated
the black Pharaoh why can't we bring
those two dudes back just like I'm just
gonna just bill and ted's it and we
bring them back and they do our homework
report and then we all just go home I
mean there's a guy in the chat who is
running this thing and he just got super
confused because none of that is in the
written in did the dark Pharaoh bring
Emma Prime into this world who did that
I don't know I don't understand any of
that I mean it happened so it's possible
I mean the answer is yes but the but the
more important question is can we do it
and right now that's a resounding no but
a smead them in space made place a space
made we can get
I'm not even gonna try to understand
what you just said but I mean if before
doesn't kill himself he does have the
knowledge to teach us how to make space
Mead we actually I passed on that we can
just go in again and discuss it with
them and ask them how they did the
mistake for that yeah well the headdress
helped who make a sorcerer Legion what
the headdress of Emma helped Octavian or
no yeah back in the day the the
headdress helped Octavian make yeah so I
mean we could if we compiled enough
knowledge maybe we could do that with
Rogers I think it'd be more of a
sorcerer battalion but okay fine
distinction but I don't I don't think we
have much I mean I guess if we could
start writing down a lot more of our
information and teaching it and passing
that along to Rogers if we're
comfortable doing that he could start
training people in time magic perhaps
yeah sorry I think we should see if I
can teach one of you first and if that's
possible we can then extrapolate to
others Emma try teaching Emma if you can
and maybe during the process she'll be
able to learn how to articulate what she
did I mean that's not realistic but
maybe you know that learning this ritual
other the only way you did it was in the
dream you know time compressed
Dreamlands
so it's gonna take some time to pass
this information on now you have another
four weeks on this boot so you know that
that can be sort of what you do during
the day let me start with Sylvia first
you and I are on the same wavelength if
I can teach to you then I'll try
something more difficult I mean
I'll sit in on the class and take notes
I'll try to learn it but like I'm I'm
more trying to compile the information I
won't be able to actually use the magic
what do you think all of my the lion's
share of my ability to wield magic was
from the headdress chapter yeah after
creating the the elder signs that left
me depleted we should go see what else
cuz the question is stopping time that's
great
what else can we get from the head you
know we should just interrogate the
headdress find out what it did for
Octavian how it did it and then make it
do it again I think Joan is still
acclimating to the headdress I don't
think they like each other very much uh
they don't get it no no doesn't anybody
really like the headdress but I haven't
seen her talking to herself a lot so I
that's a bad soon yeah I don't I don't
think they're talking she did appear
much less saying if they were in regular
communication
mm-hmm yeah the apollyon gave us five
I appreciate your ability to share you
know done her something up why why
didn't you you should have gone for that
intelligence role would have spent the
inspiration for it yeah you guys come
back together Tiana are you gonna do
anything scouting out the German or
anything like that
I mean after after spending time with
with the Duchess I'm gonna go and play
the piano and then work on singing a
little bit more more I don't want to
deal with any of that for a while
okay everybody but Joan make a spot
that's a 1 whoa nice so everyone that
made it is acutely aware that at 5:00
till 6:00
Joan like slips out unless you're
telling them where you're going what we
can't hear you Julian it that's the
first time that's happened we on your
zoom bingo chicle yes no I would tell
them I would tell them ok I did tell
them what I did because I want some
backup
ok and I kind of want to watch from a
distance this is gonna be terrible it's
gonna be great yeah I I definitely want
to be said backup as well so I think
I'll be at the table with Sylvia mm-hmm
all right so you guys are sort of
filling this bar up I'm the bartender if
I can make my friend some cocktails sure
yeah he's watching with my boys my new
mixology skill set oh there we go yes
you like I'm gonna make Isaac's
strawberry lemonade vodka Isaac
Washington strawberry lemonade vodka the
bartender is in over the same bartenders
in every bar on the whole ship it's uh
kind of differently a nervous-looking
small rotund man well-dressed looks I
mean he looks like he has money he
like comes into the bar and he's just
sort of looking around everybody make me
everybody make me a stealth roll sent me
there was no description so it's easily
notices as looking like
all right so did you make it joke yes
all right so he will he will walk up
to he'll walk up to Yusef hello hello
Monday mrs. Standish minge they just
said to me or not
no I'm sorry I did not sir I know I see
the truth lady over there is waiting for
someone no oh she was one of our German
Oh lady well that's all right then thank
you
what's his name Stan schminke okay do I
even want to try writing that down so a
gentleman comes up to you he is he is
the just the softest person you've ever
seen it's just like he looks like a bale
of Sherman he is he is the kind of soft
it only comes from never having worked a
day in your life hello I'm a staunch
Rangi you left me or not oh hello hey
I'm pleased to meet you I had asked the
young man in in who helps you know with
the bedding and things in the corridor I
asked them if they knew who this German
that I kept hearing about was and they
smell German auditorium lutonium I'm
lutonium
it's very different oh why does
everybody think I'm German that's that
was probably the problems everybody
thinks you're German but I know now now
I know you better than the rest lutonium
well that's very nice so I had heard
that you're interested in procuring
items is that true I make a psychology
role
we're also good you know not horrible at
it now your minds my psyche is not that
high
yeah no all right he pauses a second
before I answer he says I I mean I like
to buy things okay okay well I am an
archaeologist I like to find objects
fine art bones other such things and I
heard that you might be a collector
do you collect what you collect oh no I
think you have me mistaken with someone
else
I don't really collect anything well
jewelry do you do you mind Andre he
who collects you know he likes the old
art the old books that sort a and that's
your partner okay
you see also Newtonian no Andre is
Spanish ah I see so so you're not
interested in jewelry or Oh jewelry
that's a lovely piece on your forehead
really sets off your eyes oh yes well
thank you Oh mini ice very mini ice very
many eyes I was a lots of ice yes pretty
much
it's an ice breaker oh yes yes I see
what you did there
in latonia with a little ian is a
language I without puns oh that's that's
sad in a way well you know it's a very
complicated language that's it sounds
like it how do you say hello in lutonium
and we mostly just use English ah that
makes sense there's a lot of English
people here what
the Serbians came in and took a solver
they don't like Latonya and so much oh
oh that's too bad so oh so you how are
you doing on this cruise and oh it's
very nice but I tell you since the
Serbians took over Lu Tanya I live on a
cruise ship I have no country
Oh dad yeah you know every ship I'm I
take I just stay on cruise ships all the
time
Wow have you ever met this woman the
Duchess oh boy he can't resist there
is a definite like reaction to this you
know this woman
well I I like taking cookies on every
but I get on isn't she oh I was
wondering about that because she seems
to take a lot of cruises and to talk she
talks and talks and she thinks some
gentleman that oh I bet you she's the
one who's putting out all the rumors
what sorts of rumors oh well I heard
there's a German on board and I heard
that then he was he liked to acquire
things so that she may be the one oh I
know what this is about
oh you're talking about the the
medallion dr. Andre took huh Andre
ticking a medallion from it yeah Andre
oh he's very bad he's going to teach
he's going to make it so that the
Duchess can't talk do that how could he
make it to the Duchess can't talk
Andre know some magic don't do do we
overhear this cuz I mean oh yeah you
can't help but hear everything this man
says oh I pull over a chair Joseph we
are in 100% guys whatever the whatever
Andres plan is we are back in 100% we
help Oh
yeah oh sorry
some of my friends are also on the boat
and hello hello oh they closer to meet
you
they couldn't just leave us alone they
had to come over and meet you cuz you've
made an impression
oh that's wonderful that's wonderful
so you know we know a little bit our
selves so interested in magic you know
that the way it makes you feel and the
way it makes you you can do things with
it hi this is attorney I leaned in
and just say we're more interested about
keeping the Duchess quiet I know right
this is what I'm saying the woman I
bring him a beer I'm like I like you I
put a beer down I bring everybody some
drinks Oh III alcoholic tea now the
party has started I I do just want to
say that I I did not come over to join
them I'm still sitting where I wasn't
keeping an eye on the door just to make
sure that we're not that nothing weird
goes on because thank you thank you
thank you weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] keeps happening and
meet Andre yes yes should we get a
bottle of wine oh we have champagne in
the room oh that would be awesome
are we going now we couldn't call right
now sure Oh a party he's it's 6:30 yes I
should be out of the bath by now well do
you want to check and make sure that
he's all ready for company will follow
it outside yeah oh that's very kind
okay okay so yeah he will lead you
he is blissfully not you know nothing
he's I can't I talked to me he does not
notice Tiana if you follow the list Lee
unaware that's what I'm he is literally
unaware of everything around him as he's
just jabbering on about how great Lou
tonyia is oh man it's is he really a
wild and crazy guy do I get that feeling
do I get that vibe from him no no he's
pretty he's pretty sad and boring real
but I mean you know Lu Tonia's major
exporters rocks ah good to know rocks
and polka music polka will never die my
brother yah she plays a lot of polka he
does a records Wow minge yeah do you
have any records in your room do ya can
we could we listen to some don't I don't
I don't have any Yosh records maybe they
have some on the boat I don't know they
have a band on the boat ooh I wonder if
they would know any of this songs
oh it's possible the cabbage roll polka
is very famous he rule out the cabbage
that's that's a very different song ah
okay
polka is an art isn't it's an art with a
lot of nuance to it everybody takes
their own polka but they know that one
song right right well yeah let me check
if I'm ready so true
thank you he he opens the door and in
his 1 volume loud on 3 my dear are you
decent I have some friends who want to
meet you what no no it's
they're very nice they know about the
Duchess they saw her too on more than
one boat ok ok yeah come on come on
um you're gonna either at one point well
I I am terrible about just pointing at
the picture I see she used to be a
sailor Tiana you're either gonna need to
announce your presence to the group and
come in or be outside the door one of
the two see in seeing that they're
starting to like go into a place where
there will be a door between me and them
I'm gonna come you guys left me behind
at the bar how where we do where are we
going what's going on under fellow who
is going to cast magic to make the
Duchess lose her
oh this is permanent I have to ask Andre
okay okay any wards on the doorway as we
walk through you can make a spot hidden
role okay yep I succeed you don't see
anything you know so it and my buddy
here not talking to me
this man is terrible what's what accent
is that I'm Antonia a real place I don't
know but yeah we're you should not go in
that room why not I'll refer you back to
my previous three bullet points
this man is terrible what accent is that
is lutonium real place he did say he's
might be able to shut up the Duchess
we're just okay with whatever hat you
know we're just okay with doing things
to people and not caring about the cost
cuz if that's cool if that's what we
want to do I have got some offers for
you man you make this hard for me how
many times have you asked about costs
and things you just say do this do this
do all I do I tell you there it cost to
everything you do you know I'm learning
that a common theme with my relationship
with your menagerie here is that you
want to try and use things you don't
understand to your own advantage and
then when it goes wrong you wonder why
it went wrong
yeah that's pretty accurate Tom but it
goes wrong every time every shown if we
were in polite company yeah you're
talking to yourself I'm a man in a
bathrobe
a he is like the exact opposite of
this man he is tall and angular and
graceful and automat and seems like he
belongs in you know a Royal Suite but
there's something there's something
sharp about him he's noticing everything
hee hee you you know you especially
Alexandra is aware but you're all aware
that he's like sizing you up as he and I
mean I'm sizing him up in return just
right and he is aware of that hello I
see you've met Stanley he's told us
wonderful things about you hmm
my name is Andre DeCosta and I am
Stanley's partner nice to meet you let's
we should make introductions as well my
name is Joseph Basara very nice to meet
you and I'm Savannah Costa I'm I reign
pleasure to meet you we may make a
stealth role okay Oh 13 yeah that's a
hard success ooh I need to make up a
step for this guy because he rolled it
on three oh come on he looks at you
strangely but he just says huh there's
there's like a brief look but then he
says oh it's a pleasure to meet you
Irene I say my name is Joan since people
have said my name several times anyway
it's Jonas the one who sent me that nice
book Andre was very he was very confused
by that note he worried that I was going
to leave him for a woman no such thing
ya know I just put like five pieces
together in her head - OH got it and
Madame you are he says looking at Emma
we were gonna make the Duchess quiet and
that's why you took her locket has been
talking out of school again has he
well again that's pretty impressive if
you can make the Duchess quiet in fact I
think there are quite a few people who
would pay top dollar to say that tell
me you seem you seem like a group that
knows something of the dark arts oh
that's true
I wouldn't refer to them as dark hearts
I mean not not all of them oh yeah the
the powers that that someone like myself
wrestles with are perilous and fraught
every every time I use them there is the
possibility that I will be damned to
eternal hell that's one of the causes
you're definitely in the dark arts yeah
yeah we know arts hmm there are no light
arts do you don't all these defending
people or or or placing protection is a
dark art will be certainly sorry Joseph
you're saying tradition er there
happened both dark and light arts there
has been both sides of the coin
throughout history and cultures we have
black magic and white magic and healing
arts and death arts and there's all per
a number of different types of arts that
we could be referring to you perhaps
he's only referred to the dark arts
which is perhaps trebler is there a bar
cart in here oh yes yeah yeah you say
that in stands like what that's a
wonderful idea all this talk about
artists going over my head and he starts
pouring out champagne Andre will will
sort of is sort of my way of aiming this
coda Andre will simply say that if there
are two sides having two sides to a coin
well the coin could be black head what
one side black one side
not quite sure what you prefer - well
when you have read the treatise that I
have read when you have studied as I
have what did you read them everything I
do has a cost what did you read that are
curious that's life everything has a
consequence yes yes it's bad per se but
yes the literature that you fred were
we're incredibly fascinated by by
everything we've heard about you and by
everything that you're saying I'm glad
to hear that I am in possession of a
tome of Darkness which one
each is rituals such as the one that I
will use on this Duchess well there are
many such tones throughout history and
culture which one are you referring to I
I will translate it from the Latin for
you well recent them mysteries of the
deep I found this book in Kenya a rare
book dealer I know there he found it for
me
I believe from from London can I roll
about what the book is sure you can make
a kazoo you can make either a cult or
Cthulhu Mythos if you make a cult you'll
learn some things if you make Cthulhu
Mythos you'll know other things I'm
gonna roll a cult because you roll the
occult and see if I see anybody Oh
eighty-one alright so Silvano made his
occult yep see if Joan did I did yes
hard hard hard success okay nice so um
you both
have heard of this book it's a Latin
translation of a book that was supposed
to be written in Atlantean and it tells
of the fall of Atlantis and it tells the
story of Atlantis it essentially equates
Atlantis to Sodom and Atlantis fell
because Atlanteans were using dark magic
that they did not understand and it
powered their entire civilization and
one day the ticket came due and the book
is supposed to have several examples of
the the rituals and things that they did
in Atlantis so so yeah III communicate
so so that that is the The Book of the
the fall of Atlantis yes yes it is
something of a parable for our current
situation isn't it hmm but but
definitely focused on the darker arts if
that's all that you've been reading I
can see why you you'd have your attitude
towards magic I see well perhaps you are
more educated or well-read than I am in
these things Oh nonsense my darling you
know the most about this I've you've
you're a wizard or something have you
done this particular spell before to
shut someone up and more important how
long does it last and perhaps more
importantly what's the cost of something
like that it was getting there yes
you've mentioned several times about the
cost of the Dark Arts is it is it
something that is a light cost that you
think is worthwhile to shut up a stupid
fat woman I'd rather not discuss the
cost and when he says that everybody can
yes I did it's a hard success and also
no it's not it's a yes let me do some
no this is this is yeah this is a this
is this is hard it's divided by five
right is next dream yes okay so I missed
the extreme but drivin by like just like
everybody you've got a hard success
clearly sees him look at Stan like he he
just like gives a little side glance to
stand so so there was a particular you
don't mind me interjecting a particular
ritual that I I learned and I found out
that others had been using blood to in
order to perform the ritual where is the
way I learned it required no blood
whatsoever understanding the cost is
incredibly important for these sorts of
things and and knowing if there are
better ways to handle them blood magic
is easy the cost is obvious the cost is
personal the real dark arts require a
more significant but there there can be
alternatives is what that I was what I'm
saying is that I some some rituals that
I know I found ways to greatly mitigate
the cost so discussing that cost is very
important make me a pal role Joan oh no
I'm good hello Kim Joan oh good
[Laughter]
just made it alright when he's taught
when when they're all this talk about
cost and everything like you feel some
sort of surge internally that you kind
of you manage to tamp down but you like
feel something and the you here the
headdress you can't control it the
staves you
you're the battery now we have to get
out of here I'm not feeling really good
right now guys I'm really sorry I need
to go back to the room I'm very sorry
the headdresses in sight could be
incredibly important in this particular
situation all right Stu please don't go
we're going to have a very wonderful
time and then we're going to shut the
Duchess stop I I'm not feeling all that
good and I'm wondering if it's because
my I'm thinking that this may not be
worth it it may not be worth it to shut
her up she's she appears everywhere and
she will never ever let us forget if
something bad happened all right looks
case for or against I'm I mean obviously
I'm not feeling well right now
Andre looks at you and it's you know he
takes a fix a beat and he's like mmm yes
perhaps the conditions are not right
Stanley I also am feeling unwell please
send your little friends away Oh a verse
sorry
you know sometimes Andre can be very
serious and he gets like these on I
apologize but please please won't you
Andre do do think on what I've said I I
have a great deal of notes available if
you're curious oh he does yeah it might
be worth it to postpone and go over some
more information yes I do not think we
silvano and yousuf make and yes Savano
success 36 we know how low his luck is
yeah never mind
yeah that's you would have a better
chance of making an intelligence roll I
don't think so yeah luck at 19 it's only
a little correct so Andre will grab your
arm Silvano and he says you've made some
interesting points tell me would you
like to borrow the book for tonight I I
would be delighted should I would you
like me to leave some of my notes with
you that would be very interesting yes
he reaches into his bathrobe and he
pulls out a very thin volume and he he
just hands it to you I'm hoping he's got
pajamas underneath that right do you
want to make the spot hidden roll that's
his bathrobe right yes yeah he keeps it
okay
this is clearly very personal I added
him I I take this to heart and by now I
know all this stuff from making the I
know how to make yellow I'll give him
all my notes on the elder sign alright
okay your nose hmm I know these nearly
by heart I can I can rewrite these
alright I think there is a section
specifically after I cast that I took
major notes on the cost of magic as that
being my first like oopsie magic so yeah
you will you guys head out it's still
relatively early so if anybody wants to
do anything on the boat with me that's
tomorrow
no but I mean just don't we have to eat
yeah yeah what did I turn into Yousuf
Yousuf what's wrong with you our meeting
dinner six o'clock mysteries mysteries
of the deep just just
or just read it aloud to dinner okay and
I'm hungry okay I'll get you food bring
the book to dinner okay I'll translate
feed me let's go get food yes all right
so yeah you have a lovely dinner on the
okay oh yeah in fact that is where's
the heart success I don't know I'm just
short about hearts exam all right yeah
you are you are starting to being able
to you're starting to be able to
translate some of this for him it's it's
fairly slow going and well yeah because
I'm eating with one hand and like
reading that's right yes yes but
you're you know you're making some
headway most of what you're reading
seems to be about the fall of Atlantis
okay you know there's a lot about the
these these people seem to they seem to
rely on magic to power most of their
civilization and one day some horrible
thing that was apparently the patron or
provider of this magic showed up and
caused the Cataclysm that destroyed
Atlantis can I figure out where Atlantis
I think Atlantis is with more reading
you think you might be able to okay is
that our next vacation spot exactly
we're gonna summon Atlantis after
dinner if you and Silvano want to
continue this work you can and anybody
who wants or not if anybody else I guess
probably Alexander you're gonna go to
the jazz bar again yeah okay
I think Yosef will be involved with the
research it's very fascinating so he'll
be there too Joan what are you thinking
I want did you go to dinner
no how we're not since I brought to the
room yes okay yes because I you know
I'm I really am not feeling good because
of that that Serge and I want to like
kind of stay away from people and things
and I want to talk to my buddy a little
bit about about you know so there are
you know there are other people in the
world who who do magic and you said
that's a it's a bag is he always doing
bad magic is he's just some guy that I
need to take out or take out how bad is
he out Yousef yeah okay though it's at
that level
okay I don't know I'm trying to
determine what your morality is it's a
fascinating line it is I'm still
determining it myself sometimes use
is merely using these abilities
inherently evil no not inherently evil
but but sometimes are you sleep at night
yes but sometimes the payment is just
it's incomprehensible
I know or it's where it's too much or
it's and that's why you know I keep
trying to work with you and but you're
giving me orders thank you very much and
you know I can't just tell ordered all
people around what do you mean you're
like give me the book give me the book
give me the book we've been over this
the deity worshiper relationship yeah
yeah yeah you keep talking about that
deity worship a relationship and you
still haven't made me know why I should
I should worship you I I have you on we
are working together but I have enough
of worshiping beings that think there's
so much better than me I'm have enough
of it should I prove to you why you
should worship me prove to me why I
should worship you when you gonna sink
the boat you're gonna do something like
that you know
me to sink the boat oh no no but but you
keep saying that you can help you keep
saying you can do things and then it's
mostly just ordering me around and
that's not helping I I don't like that
if you hadn't figured it out yet I want
to work with you though I mean I saw
what you were doing with him
I saw what you're doing with Sivan it
was it seemed like you guys had a great
partnership but you won't just you just
keep ordering me around and that's not
gonna help it's not gonna work and I'm
you know I don't care if you're God I
don't care if you are just a
stupid-looking head-dress ordering me
do you think I didn't order the other
ones around that's what I do how can I
demonstrate to you my power make a power
roll without the addition of the
headdress now I just missed it
all right I need another dice now we
you are starting all of a sudden you
catch yourself starting a fire in your
room I think we do I think we spend the
inspiration he's alright you're you can
see you're catching it though it sounds
like you're catching us do you put it
out quickly I think that's a waste of
inspiration is the inspiration seconded
I I mean I'll second it if did you see
Julie I'm volunteering at so you second
it okay please don't please don't
Emma I know I know that's exactly it cuz
I don't want to swim I did make it this
time
alright 38 so good you feel for a
torturous eternal second strong
compunction to start a fire yeah that is
why you should worship me
because you can make me start a fire and
burn up me and you and everything else
because I can compel you to do what you
should be doing well if you know the
future already and you can compel people
to do things what do you need me for I'm
a headdress if I'm not on someone I have
very little ability to impact the
environment so you do need me in the
same way a dung beetle needs dung they
do they need it to survive and eat yeah
I'm usually at you understand
yeah I'm useful so don't keep treating
me like I'm not useful you can't take me
off unless I let you and I can compel
you to do things then why haven't you
had me blow up the ship or do anything
like that doesn't dictate you anywhere
what do you really want alright what do
you really want do you want me to praise
you and start you know and and make
other people praise you is that what you
want
well alright I'm gonna add that to the
list so I want that but I also want the
world to continue we agree on something
yes yeah the world continued I'd like
being here I like doing these things
well it's the most part but I mean I
want to learn more so how do we do that
together again I think you're mistaking
this for a mutualistic relationship this
is purely a parasitic relationship yeah
you're a parasite on my head
yes exactly perhaps you should make a
biology role to understand how parasites
parasites are not there for the
assistance of their host but I am not
like other hosts said every host ever of
course we did
we are people we have our own things and
our own lives and you are part of it
obviously and I want to keep it together
but you can't just keep telling me
telling me telling me we gotta have more
we gotta have more back and forth than
that because just telling me to do stuff
isn't gun this anywhere is it not
telling me you know you know just going
oh yes you need to go here well yeah I
tried to do it and they go you know you
need to be there now I can't teleport I
can't do that I'm going wanted to do a
teleport well we had our that the guy
that that got away from us did before
he's quite insane yeah well so do you
know how to do that can you teach us I'm
a God
sweet so then we don't have to be on the
ship front we can just get to where we
need to go why didn't we do that ahead
of time why didn't you just say hey
let's all go open up a portal and let's
go do you want to be in Shanghai right
now well I need to be with my friends
what are friends you know those there's
other people that you were on and other
people who hang around with us you
should hear what they think of you think
you know but they still stick by me
they're still here you're a host of many
parasites
yep and we're the parasites on the
galaxy - so where does it get us we have
to work good do you want you and your
think that would help I've seen the
future it won't do you know what will
help if you can see it you know the
rules to this game yeah I have to keep
asking you questions since you decide to
tell me something I can use
I can answer yes no questions I can't
tell you what you should do then you
tell me what to do in a very limited
sense yes okay all right well I'll have
to think more about the yes/no questions
I'm gonna go and hang out with my
friends now very well and you could be
our friend - if you would just I'm a god
all right thanks all right so go to
break wait sorry I'm handsome we're
gonna do a giveaway yes oh dude you got
rated I think you giveaways which one's
ours Thomas Trinity curve
yep so the first one is widest Eldrick
dropped into our chat and he gave us
some codes so right now the first
giveaway that we're gonna do is for the
Nord games dreaded a curse D&amp;D PDF so
that is hashtag chaos in the chat and we
will draw for that one first
there we go Thank You starter sets Thank
You Nord games and thank you whitest
Elric which is weird to say so we're
going to everybody put in chaos in there
for that first giveaway we will be back
just as soon as six people can use six
bathrooms I'm assuming you all have
bathrooms where you are I'm down the
bucket
[Music]
you
welcome back we had a thrilling
discussion about the best ways to know
when your bread is done we spent our
fruitfully giving Thomas hints on how to
better survive the apocalypse food what
gourmet wise very important we're really
we're discussing weighty matters of
import well we're going congratulations
- Nathaniel Lachlan who won one of the
two giveaways I'm not sure which one and
4242 what now yep
so Nathaniel Lachlan when the Nordic
games deck 42:42 won the Cthulhu starter
kit for you completionists or for those
of you scoring at home or if you're by
yourself
and we are so no one's by themselves are
all with us right now
exactly that's lovely
speaking of which it's still you know
night is is breaking and so silvano make
me chase you guys how like you're
interested enough that you'll keep doing
this for a to a fairly late hour yeah
I'm trying to get as much out of the
book as I can to figure out what what is
this guy legit is he not legit because
honestly Atlantis whatever are you doing
this in the library or in somebody's
room I would like to start in the
library until it becomes difficult and
then just go back to the room I'm gonna
get killed cloud of knives I think it's
that was my shameless attempt to curry
favor with them so yeah you are
you're in the library that's right and
John are you there as well is anybody
not gonna be around the library it's
gonna be quite late probably
I'm with the Jazz better there has been
I have
you know interested I'm I'm I'm gonna go
back and find these guys because I'm I
don't want to be alone right now
alright sure so everybody the four
of you everyone except Alexandra gosh
I'm gonna say make me
we'll call the spot he'd enroll success
[Music]
critical success the critical success
silvano you distinctly smell the sea a
very like not well fishy but ocean II
kind of smell that should not that
you would not normally smell in the
library yeah look does anyone else smell
that and I start sniffing around yeah
guys I come from the book it is not
coming from the book I'll head towards
the door okay make a luck roll
ah you're me get some milk while you're
oh it's a callback right all right so
you were around what was that there you
go
you turn around and as soon as you turn
around the rest of you in the library
see Silvano some sort of leathery gray
talon ii claw just reaches out and grabs
him and pulls him into the hallway okay
we're gonna go first
silvano is gonna make a strength roll
and then we're gonna go to initiatives
had a role to grab doorway yes yes make
a what kind of success was that i
believe just yeah just your regular
run-of-the-mill grasping you grab on
more frame and just an inhuman strength
pulls you like there's a horrible like
you know your fingernails leave a divot
in the doorway okay that's all I ask for
it and you are now in the hallway we'll
deal with you in a second so the three
of you were going to initiatives so I
think 70 is the highest no no that's
Tiana so sixties that's me okay all
right well I'm gonna run out in the hall
after him and try to grab him the
headdress headdress says you should not
go in that hallway they've come for the
book oh who has the book right now it's
sitting on the table in the library yeah
she's in front of me dresses that come
from the book we don't which book which
book the mysteries of Atlantis book what
do you mean which book the book the book
we don't name they know they've come for
the book that's on the table
okay the books on the table we knew that
yeah let's get some on oh hey that is
your initiative 1540s 445 yeah do I get
to do I get to act like we're gonna deal
with you you got you have a separate
okay Joseph gets up immediately it runs
out of the hallway just trying to see
what happened to some other alright you
busy see what gets outside well go ahead
and get sanity roles from both you and
Silvano in the hallway or three up right
man-sized bipedal piranha there are they
are fish that walk on two feet
they have awful webbed clawed hands um
their mouths are mostly teeth and one of
them has Silvano and it's hand is just
like over his
um which by the way is super gross so
you two should go ahead and make Santa
Ewell's yeah so if I fumbled that what
happens Oh Tom I succeeded all right
you're gonna lose to Solano you lose
seven sanity and fight flight or freeze
I okay there you go
yeah you so you're gonna have an
advantage die on anything you do to
fight these things until you die so
now we'll do your initiative what are
you gonna do Silvano oh I'm gonna fight
okay you're just gonna punch one of
these fish dangling that elbow in
whatever organ that is yep and that is a
Harvard success nice all right there's
not a fight
was that a brawl yeah all right I'm
gonna make you an offer I take it you
can not do any damage to this thing
get out of its clutches or you can do
damage to it and you'll remain in its
clutches gouge the eyes always go to the
eyes so you're just going for damage
yeah are you trying to get out damage
okay I'm not thinking clearly it is just
like I want this I want this thing to
stop moving and I'm gonna try and wail
on it you're coherently yeah still it's
so moving it has its hand over you you
like reach up and its eyes are on this
each side of its head and you kind of
just like grab like that so you do
max damage so it's a d3 plus your damage
bonus okay which is nothing so it's
three three so you do three points three
points is not enough to make it make a
con roll all right and now we go back to
Emma okay so I come out of the doorway
alright make me a sandwich
okay that number again left it in Egypt
yeah I would say no it actually went up
yeah I'm fine
everything's fine forty-two fine you
lose to sanity
okay back on the side of the track and I
take the book and I'm like looking for
this boys and I start to back away to
see if they follow me all right all
right
obviously the rest of that would be if
they follow me turn run they are not for
the page this looks very much like a um
they're gonna offer you Silvano for the
silvano is going to ignore your attempts
at a standoff here because he is not in
his right mind and he is just fighting
this thing much to his chagrin so
that was they pretty much spend their
whole turn grabbing him and and doing
that stuff so they're not gonna act this
round so we're back to the top so
Joan all right well I'm gonna everybody
else's run out in the hallway now yeah
yeah well and the book is gone so that I
was gonna grab that but I didn't grab
that so I'm gonna go I'm gonna go out in
the hallway cuz I gotta help my friends
all right make a Samuel yes yes okay you
lose you lose once and yeah it was
okay
you notice that two of these things seem
the one that has Silvano seems to just
have Solano I was gonna see if I could
try to get one of those those weapons
away from them just damp they I'm just
gonna grab a run up and try and wrestle
sure yeah if you're trying to get the
weapon that's gonna be an opposed
strength role okay so I just roll my
strength roll your strength and I got
under yes I'm good
did you get a hard success No
all right so you regular you run up and
there's the things just hold do you want
to inspire or you could bend luck and
luck to get too hard or you could push
it
um I said let's see it was it I could I
I could spend for luck to get down to so
I'll go ahead and tell you a hard
success will tie this thing okay
and that means nothing happens right now
you're gonna beat you re roll is the
slim chance that actually taking it or
just realize that you are not gonna pull
this out of this thing's hands let's try
it let's try it one I'm gonna try one
all right this is the rule the d6 thing
that would have been cool yes
oh I made I made up I got a 10 mile a I
guess dream is 11 so I got extreme
success that is outstanding so you have
run up to this thing and you the first
yank it like let won't let go and then
you get mad and you just pull it away
and you now have this barbed bone hook
thing and you've never seen a fish look
surprised before but that's just how
fish look makes or like yo man we all
right that was sixties and you're now
back in the initiative so on a sixty
they are all gonna go the one holding
you like croaks something that none of
you understand but it as it croaks it it
puts a knife at Silvano's throat and
it's not it's not trying to cut him yet
although probably his next action
will make it question that the one that
you just stole the hook from it's gonna
try and call you so you should make a
dodge roll okay oh you should make a
all our inspiration is gonna go
beautiful these beautiful dice are
killing you can yeah nope nope nope I
did not make it alright this is an
extreme success this is double damage -
hold on I did mention this being an
inspiration sink did we not want to try
and I have good dodge so for me it's
like of course you'd be rolled dodge I
don't know if for you you're like well
generation cuz my game roll cuz okay
alright yeah oh yeah oh yeah okay so um
I rolled in 11 okay let me know what
kind of success that is extreme success
just know it's one away from being I
could I could throw a look at it and
make it extreme I'm doing it you okay
you signed up a lot I got a lot of luck
last time so I'm doing you go and you
spend good luck and the fish looks even
more surprised because it was ready to
gut you and you are not gutted no no I
know you are clearly the most dangerous
thing on this on this table so the one
with the barb the other one with the
barred spear is gonna take a penalty die
and try and stab you with it right
ooh this is Jones new crowbar misses
badly because it's trying not it tripes
it's being very careful not to hit its
friend and yeah though the other one is
just is literally just croaking and
holding a knife at Solano I think you're
next so long alright and I'm just
winging as hard as I can and at its face
yeah and if it's it is my mouth so
covered yes okay you could bite it don't
you're the gibberish that's coming out
of it
okay no I I swing feebly and desperately
okay I love the idea of you oh man you
are not in your right mind
make a gosh I'm gonna call this
we'll make a power rule why do you pick
the worst things for me to make well how
come it can't be like Shh okay what's a
fumble Oh 96 100 yeah all right so you
are fighting against this thing
manically and it's hand is over you you
bite its hand and it's delicious this is
like the best sushi you've ever eaten
you just like oh I grabbed its arm and I
just start going yeah silvano just like
almost bites a finger off of this thing
and as it starts to pull its arm back he
grabs its arm and he's eating it and
he's just like all the sudden you've
gone from fight to feed you're just like
starving and and you see another fish
pulling a yosef and now it's it's Yusef
and then Emma
as for Yusef Stern he's gonna start
quickly casting his spells which is the
one way slows time down okay everyone
but himself
sure and that's a that's a nineteen on
POW which is the very good that's a hard
success so extreme Texas so you are
stopping time you're trying to slow down
time for everyone but you
well it's right now it's personal you
just that's how it works at the moment
yes firms so what's it that works he's
gonna run over to the one fish man
that's got this beer left hook and take
that hook out of his hands
so disarmed the third one this one is
sure yeah that'll end the spell but yeah
you have a brief moment where everyone
is basically moving super slowly and you
just run up and it's quite easy to take
the spirit out you wouldn't you don't
even need to make a roll and very slowly
a third fish looks surprised these port
there they're just trying to get their
book Emma what are you doing
all right yes
you you can't let her burn that book
you hear Joan
it's a stalling tactic don't worry about
it
oh that book knows Emma I say it out
loud so they know that the headdress is
giving me crap all right that is so
Joe and make me on it's now back to your
initiative make me a power roll all
right with it with the headdress right
without the headdress no all right
you've got to get that book away from
her all right okay I'll come at her with
the barb wait now it's still Emma so
you're not gonna like stab her right
like that I'm gonna scare her okay so
what are you doing I'm going give me the
book I need the book all right that
that's what you see him well we'll deal
with your response on here although
we've just gotten as a sneak peek of
Silvano you're gonna continue eating
roll me a d6 to see how much damage
you've eaten off of this poor fish the
meat is especially tender towards the
joy right now a for damage Oh God
all right everyone except Joan and
Silvano make make sanity rolls for the
sight of like a blood-covered like ma of
Silvano as he just like worries a piece
off and then looks at you with a wild
eye and goes back in for another I got a
23 I say that's a great idea yeah okay
so here's me you lose one point and
you're freaked out by what's going on
here Solano is
of horrible who knows what I'm hoping I
don't remember any of this all right
it is Yousef and then Emma well
Yousef is basically just holding this
weapon ahead of you minutes with its
spear oh wait sorry they go first all
right it's a lot of the one that you are
eating is gonna return the favor and try
and bite you and somehow a Miss I'm
gonna use one of my inspiration I think
I can kill somebody here that's better
um you you're you're not dodging or
anything because you are just like okay
so you take oh it's bringing its neck
closer to me is what I'm taking away
from this though sure yeah yeah you
think eight points of damage
feels like rows of teeth are like
grinding across you that's exactly
what's happening yeah yeah it's it's a
little on the nose as it just like
jumps into your shoulder and you
don't even notice your the hunger is
just too great the one that Joan just
ran away from with his sword seems to be
bothering the people that he wants to
bother
it's very confused it's gonna wow what
is it gonna do it starts croaking and
then the third one is gonna is just
gonna take a swipe at Youssef so you
should make a dodge roll you don't get
to say fouled again can he use the
weapons block I'd like to parry sure
I'll give you I'll give you so I'll
make you an offer you can try and dodge
this thing or you can try and parry with
the weapon if you parry with the weapon
I'll give you a bonus die to a fight um
I'm guessing you only have the base
skill in spear
he's gonna immediately blunt object
skill that he's using for let's use I'll
accept it so you have a bonus die to
that skill let's give it a shot so that
is if 56 is my best role unfortunately
that sounds excess
okay so you take 4 points of damage as
this as this rubbery paw just like wax
across you and the the you know means
like a cat trail alright that is the
that's right
youssef in the NEMA but Youssef is gonna
try to use it again he'll give it
another shot
all right you don't have a bonus die for
this 146 is to I spin look yes you could
also push it if you push it you know you
could you could do extra damage who
knows or I can lose the weapon and give
it right back to him sure a lot of
things could happen can we roll that
with an inspiration is anybody else okay
what soon yep all right we roll there we
go it's a 45 that's also fully 6.45 one
one better but it's still failure let it
go
he'll let it go okay Amy
so what was the last thing that John
said to me well I didn't I need the book
and she's running at you with us with a
with a fishhook okay so I go okay cool
so I throw the book at her and then I
would like to run up and short round the
fish guy that Joan took the hook from
sure you throw the book at her first
make me a throw roll Ida thorough I
don't
I miss it by five but I kind of don't
care cuz she's good at me with a hook I
was like the number it's great point
it's a great point
all right so Joan you are gonna make a
decks roll and you will have a penalty
die because she did not make the throw
the throw role to catch the book okay
penalty die means the tutu tends to kids
and you take the worse okay take the
worst one darn it
okay well it's a ninety that's so so
look like you like you like reach up to
grab the book and it just bounces off
your fingers and it is now on the ground
flying between the front now a me back
to you I will give you a penalty died on
a fight roll with this with this fish
not the one that has Silvano correctly
don't you like slide under the one that
has Silvano and you come and you punch
the one that is actually it doesn't
matter they're both fifties so alright
so you yeah you you are now in in
melee with that second one and the it is
once again surprised because the last
thing it expected was the person who had
the book suddenly coming up and punching
it okay that back to the top Joan I'm
gonna cover the book I'm gonna get
opened
yeah you just dive on the book like you
know Captain America on a grenade yeah
yeah exactly
I'm date offending alright you yeah you
curl up on the book silvano biting uh
don't roll attack or I might just know
cuz yeah what am i doing are you so
if you're trying to bite his head will
make you roll an attack if you're just
gonna keep
what you're doing you're gonna roll a d6
for damage just with these six for
damage alright so yeah you keep chowing
down on apparently you're a wing man
yep - okay
it does not enjoy that at all oh the
second one was the one that was chanting
you know what you surprised it I'll give
it the Call of Cthulhu version of a
concentration roll wow it's not that
surprised
okay so the second one finishes
whatever croaking thing it was saying
and it opens its mouth and water starts
to pour out just endless water and the
corridor is almost immediately filled up
to your ankles and it doesn't seem to be
stopping the headdress you here the
headdress say interesting thing about
that book it's waterproof but you are
very well aware that like lying on the
ground the water is like you know right
there yeah all right
the one on Silvano will try and bite you
again
Wow all right it will not bite you
that's very sad even with a even with a
bonus diet does not bite you the
third one is gonna take another swing at
Yousef missus sadly they you know
they had a couple of good rounds they
were due they were due and that brings
us to Yousef and then Emma Yousef well
he'll try again with this fishhook
weapons even gay music you see the room
filling up actually you see all the you
know wet soft worst feeling in the world
so 13 is the roll that's a hard success
with the fish nice all right it's gonna
try it just you to learn that dodging is
not fish is dodging on land is not
fishes for a
um you hit roll in so you do max damage
that's the the spirit self does a d8
plus whatever damage bonus you have
which is a zero so all right damage you
skewer this thing you stab the spear in
it the barbed hook is a little hard
to get out make a strength roll I mean I
just couldn't pull and push a lot on the
barbed hook to try to get it out well
I'm gonna make you can take the time to
try and gently remove the barbed hook
from the thing you just stabbed or you
can make the strength roll to just try
and rip it out yeah just get your hook
up against it and yank I think I wanted
yank as much as possible okay yeah
success alright so yeah you ripped the
barbed out and the the the the fish man
makes a sad noise Emma alright so I'm
gonna continue to go short round and try
and shut this guy's mouth alright Oh 95
he's not a bumble you spin this round
going like to fish up genitalia how do I
punch this thing I don't know we're
great
um yes that is a wildly unsuccessful
Eden's arm off try to do that too but at
95 I can't do that either
yeah that's the way like these things
are probably not delicious like salvado
is your is this cannibalism I'm not sure
is it you know is this you know you're
kind of it's kind of like eating a
dolphin is it sentient I don't know
alright back to the top that's Joan okay
so the corridor is filling a sorry at
the end of each round the water is gonna
raise so the water is now it wasn't your
ankle it's now like at your calf yeah so
yeah obviously I'm standing up yeah um
but is it is it just in the thank you in
the hallway or is it going into the
libraries well library oh it is going to
lie
um but it's how long is the corridor
that we're in it's you know it's one of
those boat corridors that goes a long
way
yeah so it's like wow how this water is
going fast I'm gonna take off with
I'm gonna take off with the book all
right you're like running away sort of
in the opposite direction
yep okay all right that is yeah there
you go silvano keeps are you gonna keep
eating or do you want to like try and no
I'm eating this fish okay
I'm not here right now do it usually you
know there's no five all right
so now things get super disturbing
because you think this thing's arm off
and you are now holding a fish arm just
like just like eating every lick of bone
off like you're like looking for bone
marrow in this and and you know the fish
is just too surprising to everyone else
that it's arm is now like on you and
it's not sure what to do but you you
will spend the next two rounds just
eating that arm okay I mean not okay oh
nice
tamago Toro has 500 bits to make sure
Silvano doesn't go hungry upchucking
this realize what's what's in there it's
gonna be well this too much he can't eat
an entire fish arm on his own let's be
realistic here
now you said yeah that's right yeah
Yusuf could polish the whole fish off
I'm sure if I'll name you seven gone
this way alright so that was you so
now they go everyone except Joan and
Silvano can make a spot hidden roll no
success 37 yep success anybody who made
it
[Music]
you the the second guy has not moved
he's just standing there you know like
you know like mannequin piss on steroids
just pouring water into the into the
thing
alright the bad guys go the guy whose
arm you not off is takes off running is
not the right word shambling sort of
after Joan does it starts the bleeding
at all no no it doesn't seem to me it
doesn't seem to like be doing anything
to that it's gonna take damage every
round and the one that is fighting
Yousef that you just took something out
oh you should make a dodge roll it
rather Peary as well or peri whichever
you prefer you'll try the period again
alright you should make it this should
be good no a 66 is done success and
that's good alright so you weren't gonna
take my roll we roll do 332 is success
32 see yes there we go
sadly it ruled a is 32 a hard success
it's a regular success alright it rolled
a hard success
ouch there's gonna be 10 points of
damage
he's on 13 currently so he's down to
three yeah you still have a major wound
I believe correct I thought that was
healed okay good yeah all right that's
good so they're like this thing it
wants its Peter back and so it takes you
and it just smashes you up against the
hallway and and just there's like an
indentation into the wall where it sends
you in and make a con roll with that ooh
81 is a failure
alright so you got was 10 points half
your hit points it was okay so you're in
shop you're gonna have a penalty die to
everything you do except first-aid and
among other horrible things they're
going on here all right Yusef it is
your turn
oh you know what you fit you also
dropped the spear
okay well Yusuf's got one trick left in
his bag at this point he's lost his
spear he's being manhandled by a much
much stronger fish creature he's gonna
try to wither it in front of him and see
if you can that's his last ditch all
right
horrible horrible words and spells and
energy at this fellow introduce him make
a power all with disadvantage yes is it
reroll for the 792 that's not a failure
but though if you read well you're gonna
reroll everything I'm okay with that
cool yeah yeah all right so you're gonna
rear all all the dice it's a 66 is a
success all right so you you make your
pal roll so Romeo d 808 all right and
you spend eight magic points excellence
and yeah right in front of you like a
small a circle about I don't know that
big of this fish thing dries up and like
withers and turns kind of this ugly
grayish like black color and it does not
enjoy that at all all right this fear
that you dropped and I'm going to stab
the one that has the most abuse the one
that ran after the one that ran after
the one who sang of the most abuse is
the one that ran after Joe I'm sorry the
one that was fighting with Yusuf okay
great not the Barbie guy yeah
who are you and what have you done with
the okay it's not gonna happen so that
is double damage so the spear does a d8
plus whatever damage bonus you have I
have no damage bonus cuz aren't me so
that's seven points of damage all right
what what does what does your impaling
of this you know what does what just
turning him into a fish stick look like
I'm pretty glad you the Hat gotta start
from the bottom alright so yeah you
fried it you come up behind this thing
and you just jab the spear through it
and it shudders and then kind of just
limps down the spear is like all the way
okay get the barfi guy those so Joan you
and this first deep one are in a no
doubt madcap chase scene yes so it's
gonna be opposed dodge roles this guy
has lost an arm and so is not moving
that well so make me a dex role oh man
even with penalty I get a 1505 dang yeah
I just made a hard but not a not a so a
15 is a critical success so this thing
is we is within range of you now so next
round he's gonna get an attack and then
you can try and run away or do whatever
you're gonna do okay so you like turn a
corner looking for a stairway and
unfortunately there's not a stairway
there and this thing slides around the
corner and like it literally it's it's
it's just like advancing towards you
with like half and like using its half
an arm as if it were hand was still
there and I still have the the hook that
I took or did I leave that no I thought
I had a hook and
the book I think you dropped it off dick
because I grabbed the book that's right
you don't wan the ground and took the
books yep yep yep yep
so I don't have a hook anymore I just
have just have alright so that'll be
that'll be next round
umm and so the only one that's left is
the the as Emma so poetically put it the
barfi guy and the barfi guy is going to
continue to barf he seems he seems like
not even to notice you guys Yusef you're
on mute Thomas anything left on the
floor you can use any weapons here a
dagger perhaps dropped so there's yeah
there's a knife that's covered and it's
a little too close to Silvano for your
hand you've taken the knife and you're
now cutting peat you're like getting the
meat out of the like wedge in between
the bones with it you're oh no I thought
I'd moved on to the marrow shirt the
knife is you're cutting the night bones
open you're you're you're extracting
every bit of new of nutrient from this
thing that you can and you yet sorry
there and there is Jones spear but it's
you know sort of in the middle of the
Ritz Inn though down the hallway aways
so getting that would be to your turn
this round okay I guess that's really
he'll go over and you recover that spear
okay no problem
Emma all right so I'm gonna fighting
brawl punched a guy sorry
oh and I make it because some fight
skills but I don't know what the is it a
decent it's a XIII so punching is a d3
plus your damage bonus which is none so
actually that's one point of damage
alright but he still is gonna make yeah
that's fine we got a whittle away do I
see anything on him like
spellbook wise or anything when I go in
for the pie he has like a he has like a
belt of seashells and that and that's
and in that belt there's a knife you you
see so he can go to the bathroom later
is what you're saying
he hopes I was like demolition mana so
the barfi guy is he's just continuing to
the the water is now up to your waist
okay um
weirdly Joan the water like now there's
just trickles of water where you are it
seems to mainly be holding up back where
they are but there's still like a little
splash of water here okay um
in fact Yusef to get that make me a
let's call it a Dex roll to like reach
down into the water okay to get the
spear what is a hard success no problem
yeah you've got it no problem okay so
the one guy that was chasing Joan was
chasing him so that's the end of the
lineup so Joan you and this guy are
gonna have a fight slow what are you
what do you want to do do you want to
fight you want to run if you run he's
gonna get a bonus die on whatever he
does to you no no I'm just I'm just
gonna punch him he's already hurt so I'm
gonna try to punch and kick him okay
those are you're going straight fight um
he's also gonna fight so this will be an
opposed fight role and whoever rolls
better as long as they get a success
will do their damage right yes he did
not roll well I just barely got it but
it's it's for fighting so I got thirty
so that does add III plus your damage
bonus yeah damage bonus hah all right
it's a Oh three nor the suits there are
three points so yeah he definitely
notices that and I got the book under
and he will roll some dice for reasons
that I don't oh my gosh what I rolled a
hundred on his con roll you just knocked
a fish guy straight out so who he like
he like comes at you and you just punch
him and what you think is his jaw and
his eye is like roll all the way over
and he just falls over backwards that's
outstanding you just punched a fish guy
straight out that was awesome
so though know this is the last round
that you are crunching down on fish arm
so Amy the water is now like you know
your your belly button it doesn't know
so well barfing fish isn't moving
Nelson ewca civ wants to take his
fishing spear and insert into his mouth
and shove it through the mouth of the
open mouth of the barfing fish
essentially okay Romy a percentile
dice you don't don't worry about the
penalty or anything like that just roll
me percentiles zero seven all right so
you take this thing and you jam it down
its throat and the weird part to you is
that the spear keeps going in far deeper
than this thing's throat and then just
when you're you're you're you're you're
literally like pushing in the last bit
of it it pokes out the back of its head
water is like spraying in your face and
all of a sudden that water is now fish
blood as it just starts vomiting but you
hope is fish blood actually that might
that's like the best option all just
all over you as this thing dies a
horrible death from that amazing roll
and yeah it was
the the water has stopped coming in and
it falls it falls dead in front of you
and now two of you are covered in fish
fish ara I don't need to like Solano
okay let's go so when she says
Silvano like you have no the ocean you
have a bone in your hand some sort of
bone in your hand I am the ocean right
now let's get out of here I'm in so much
a regular success alright there's a
lot of blood around here like you kind
of have the taste of blood in your mouth
youssef is covered in blood I'm swimming
in blood right now yeah weird fish
looking things that you really don't
want to think about floating in the
water let's just get out of here oh I'm
gonna go this is where I went and
grabbed my notes like where are your
alexander's yeah you are singing in the
jazz bar having a great time when all of
the sudden you hear somebody like what
what is that are we are we sinking why
is there water and you've notice you're
up on a little stage and you notice that
there is water up to almost to the stage
and the people in the in the club are
panicking they're like screaming that
the ship is sinking
they're they're starting to lose it I'm
gonna look at it and be like wouldn't we
have felt something
um and just like getting get get down
off the stage and head for the door
whichever door is not currently being
crowded at cuz I'm sure people are
trying to get out too so people are the
doors that will not be crowded are the
doors to the interior of the ship the
doors leading out to the to the outside
decks are very crowded he'll mean not
that crowded the bar there were like 20
people at the bar but they are all very
interested in getting out to a deck is
there any way to tell where the water is
coming from the interior of the ship
okay I'm gonna follow it just casually
drawing a dagger because this feels this
feels our brand of weird alright so you
very cautiously round a corner just in
time to see Joan and some some horrible
fish thing Joan is holding a book in one
hand and some horrible fish fish thing
comes reaching towards her and Joan
punches it right in the jaw and the fish
thing goes and falls backwards make me a
sandwich so you lose one cent you know
what she knocked it out you don't lose
any sanity because Joan just like did
so yeah there is
Joan looking a little torn up that book
that you recognize this horrible fish
this fish guy and his buddies tried to
come and they want to the book we've got
to go back and get the rest of them I
wanted to make sure they didn't get the
book I am so tired of these bloody books
causing so much bloody havoc
cuz there's water all over the ship
that's why I that's why I came to find
out what was going on people I think
that the ship is sinking we got to go
back because they they they one of the
fishes was barfing fern black of a
better thing at water it was coming out
and then so we didn't gotta figure that
out but I I came to try to find somebody
else to come and help so come let's go
yes let's go say at that point the the
ship's bells ring and the first mate
ladies and gentlemen this is the first
mate and we wish to ask right now that
everyone please remain in your cabins
for the time being we are we are
assessing a situation on deck 8 please
for your own safety
remain in your cabins if you are not in
your cabin please make your way and as
orderly a manner possible to your cabin
so yeah these are going to be you to
Alexandra and Joan are gonna be a couple
rounds behind the where so silvano goes
into the library and is looking for his
notes let's see how high that table was
make me a luck roll Silvano no all right
most of your notes are are like floating
on top of the water you save you saved
them all but if there's gonna be it's a
setback on your research I'm gonna have
to hang them up and dry them yeah so
yeah you guys once he's collected all
his notes you guys are you going to your
we're gonna go to Emma's room no I don't
want to go I want to go to the deck
because I don't like let's take a look
around
I don't so as soon as we get out of the
hallway is there any more water it is
doctor the water has started to flow
okay like towards the towards the
outside okay so this is easy to just
follow the current so yeah all right if
you're gonna follow the current you will
very quickly run into Alexandra and Joan
okay there you are oh gosh thank
goodness so oh you have the book yes I
kept the book they didn't get it and I
III took care of one of the fishes the
other the other guys are done two fishes
yeah yosef you're bleeding I really
really hurt right now so Vaughn oh so
funny we gotta get you gotta get some
some some padding on you too you you got
the big what - yes oh my god it's good
or get you you look like something with
a lot of teeth took a really big bite
out of you we gotta get him we gotta get
him fixed up let's let's let's get him
alright whose cabin are we going to the
boat is sinking no no no no no that the
the fish water got in other places
no you ran away what do you mean the
fish water God we kill the fish water
guy yes except the water came I went I
got I got almost all the way to where
where legs Andra was in the in the car
yeah goes water there the lips the water
the water got into the jazz bar and
people are sure that the boat is sinking
and that's what their that's what
they're responding to mmm where we are
right now there's not as much water as
there was in the other places right as
writers they still flowing or is it
going down or is it
it's definitely receding yeah I've got
more paper in my room for taking more
notes so we can pick up where we left
off I see a doctor yeah let's go let's
go see a doctor first yes yep yep yep
what is what's the story though do we
tell him a shark tell him the shark got
me I felt during the boat the water
incident I fell down okay they fell down
what about him
he fell down ran into something sharp
yeah well as long as we have our story
let's go it's at this point that
inadvertently you silvano Solano notices
that he still has the fishbone in it and
you like throw it down tonight yeah wait
what's this I pick up the knife what
does it look like it looks like jagged
coral oh it's Blaine I'm gonna pull off
my jacket and try and try to shut and
try to start Stan Shane silvano shoulder
because I think he's in shock
and that's why he's reacting like this
make a friend I only have one jacket
plus he's gonna have the runs later oh
my god he's allergic to fish 22 is a
hard success for me it's nice you get
Samana you get three hit points back
immediately and you feel a lot better
and less hurt the action of her like
putting the jacket around you kind of
calms and soothes you and brings you
back a little bit from the fugue state
to the extent you want to you know
remember what happened what no no that's
a bridge too far so you're going outside
you're going back to somebody's room
what is good we're going are go to the
medical bag okay medical help all right
so actually as you come past the library
out to the door that would leave where
the bar is you see three ships crewmen
sort of coming towards you and they just
reflexively let's see if they even
notice I've got blood all over my face
they just reflexively are like please
return please return to your cabins
please return to your cabins and they
they're gonna like go past you into that
area
sure let them we'll just keep going
mm-hmm could someone hold this beer
thing for me just drop it go I want to
keep it this is pretty neat at this
point you hear a scream from back the
way that the the crewmen just went oh
keep going just drop the spear and walk
all right in the water
yes go away we don't want to answer
these questions you know you didn't kill
that thing robots - no Oh No yes we know
we have to feel we have to help them we
have to help them we didn't we didn't
kill it I just knocked it out i'ma turn
turn around draw dagger and head back in
that direction yep yep are you fearing
are you all going back that way are you
gonna stay here what is Alexander okay
give me the spear then give me the spear
then okay I'll give to Joni all right
you should also give me the book because
I'm going with the - to the doctor and
they want the book we should write leave
Chris yes very good good coffee all
right so you two are going a Joan and
Alexandre again stop pointing are you
going especially since we have a
different screen than the actual thing
sets up and it's and and and it's good
for the podcast anyway to say who is
doing it so Joan on Xandar you pushed
through the door and you come upon those
three crewmen looking at the unconscious
body of this fish guy trying to like
figure out what the hell is going on I
love the idea of one of them just being
like one moment and it's taking a knife
and as soon as you come in one of them
reflexively she's like please excuse us
ma'am please excuse us I'm actually
gonna put a hand on Jones shoulder and
just like pull her back a little bit and
say look if they're if they don't know
what's going on us coming up and
sticking a knife in it or that thing
that spear thing into it is going to
look so
many sorts of bad how about if we say oh
look what we found
and give it to them and then they can
fight it they're unarmed this seems like
a poor plan let's just let's just hang
back for a second and watch Oh what
found this and and I'm on my way back so
um but well we'll leave you now let's go
you got turned around I'm sorry ma'am
you don't need to be carrying that no
I'll take it back they just got turned
around we're gonna go back and you just
sort of bulrush away from there yes you
had bigger problems yeah I I would like
to like stop and wait out of out of
eyeshot of them but within earshot so
that when they scream again yeah I
follow her because I know she's good at
this
all right you two like you wait what
feels like a really like long time but
it's probably 10 minutes and you don't
hear anything just kind of being meta
here remember it had lost an arm and it
was bleeding so it might not wake up
it's true oh that's right because it was
taking continual damage the headdress
told you that you knocked it out know
that right it's not dead
right right but the head just doesn't
know everything so I think they're gonna
be okay
if we if we go back to the if you want
to go back you can I would feel easier
in my mind if I if I keep an eye on this
I don't want to leave you by yourself
again Ezra Ezra have them bring it to
the med bay and bind its wounds no
they're more likely to throw it
overboard I'm gonna like peek out around
the corner and see it and just like very
carefully and try not to be seen by them
and see if I can see what's going on
with them
you would you'd need to go into the deck
a little bit but you can do that no
problem your your much stealthier than
they are they're they've left it
behind it is it is lying in the middle
of the the water is running over it um
and as it does blood is definitely
mixing in there okay they have
apparently pressed on Joan you're still
in the lobby and a bunch more sailors
are coming up now some of them with like
boat hooks or oars or something like
that and when they see you they're like
ma'am you really shouldn't be here I was
looking for my friend but she must have
gone back to the room please and what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna yell Alexandra
Alexandra like I'm looking for her so
she knows that people are coming ma'am
we're gonna do a full passenger count
once we've figured out what's going on
but please return to your room
what's your room number all right I'll
go and I'll try I'll try to be stealthy
with the with the or thick thing and so
they don't take it from me but if they
see it the you're trying to be study
with the stave huh yeah
yes health role no they didn't succeed
either so you managed to get away with
it because they they're very focused
yeah they have other things going on so
you heard her like saying but you don't
I mean like very quickly after that you
hear several people coming okay do I
think that this thing is still alive and
want to like nudge it with my shoe so
you're gonna be in the room with the
deep one yes okay you nudge it with your
shoe make me a luck roll Hey 12 out of
47 yeah it does not respond
okay do I think it's dead you no idea
all right
is not moving and you know fish when
they die move for a little bit kind of
you know you don't know what's going on
it's true you've never seen a fish get
punched before also true but I do notice
that it's arm is missing his blood still
oozing out there's there's a small
trickle of blood still coming out of
that yes okay but it's not like the kind
these look like these are things that I
do get it's not like arterial blood
yeah because because these are things
that Alexandria would know that with
arterial flow as long as the heart is
beating it would still be spurting out
so based on that I'm going to assume
it's dead and I'm gonna just take off as
quickly as I can did not meet up with
the other people you're running sort of
direction they're not coming from yeah
okay so you will quickly get to the
point where the three guys have stopped
again and they are staring at the other
two fish bodies and one of them is like
I don't know what tell anybody about
this this seems to be where most of the
water damage is I can't figure it out
and and they they're very preoccupied
they don't notice you you can like duck
into the library and get past them and
get to your room okay yeah I'm gonna
like duck around them as best that I can
and get back to Joan okay a so you get
to your rooms and about an hour later
each of you is visited by a crewman as
they just do a a full count the two of
you that are injured are you gonna try
and hide your injuries at all what we
going to the medical Bay you three okay
you three go to the doctor while they
were doing that yeah you three the the
doctor is like way down in the bottom of
the boat so in a ship this size down the
bottom you feel the motion of the boat a
lot more
at night they turn up the you know
they're going faster to make up for time
and you feel that Solano you're feeling
a little queasy
maybe you ate too much dinner I don't
know maybe and yeah the the there's a
nurse a male nurse and then a doctor on
duty at night and the male nurse is like
uh yes can I help you oh my god I was I
fell something happened I can't explain
it but I was thrown against the side I
heard inside and this is when the
broader rushed into the hallway we were
in the library and the water just burst
in and it's like through everybody
everywhere oh no oh I'm terribly sorry
well here we'll get you guys in that was
the perfect story for it yeah so you
will each oh wow very good you will each
get three points back and you know they
will you know they'll the incident
report is what you said that you know
the water came rushing into the library
and you both got knocked around somehow
and there are many questions about the
scratch marks and anything for nausea uh
yes yeah I can give you some some ginger
helps a lot with that
um you appear to have been bitten by a
shark
that's impossible
no deep I mean it is possible that
something could be you know floating
around in there I mean we both you know
we're all wet right like my hair's wet
everything we both got like knocked
start I smack Silvano hims like
[Laughter]
of course it doesn't make sense who
cares no no no this makes sense no it
doesn't none of it makes sense at all
anymore
why well I'm gonna have I apologize I'm
gonna have to record these injuries were
required to file them with the
authorities after every voyage for
anyone who's injured for insurance
purposes insurance that's interesting
which authority does it go to no I was
talking about the ship's insurance okay
no we'll take care of your medical care
here but I think our insurance provider
requires a full report of anyone that we
give medical care to as well as we are
our cruise line is and he'll give you a
long description of how they're licensed
out of out of Holland for tax shelter
reason and so they have to the Danish
government and blah blah blah and so
yeah you may you know you guys will get
back to your room much later it's gonna
be in fact the doctors want to keep you
in the medical Bay for a night yeah you
said six hitpoints right now so he's
gonna stay
that's about yeah that's yeah he's
staying okay so who was doing who was
writing down what I was reading I was
nobody was I just I was writing that
down
yes do they leave us alone or I mean the
nurse is right outside the doctor is
taking care of the guys okay I'm just
wondering where I can continue to read
the book uninterrupted I mean
uninterrupted would be hard but you
could do it here okay if we're all
patched are we all patched up for the
most part or I mean well no they want to
there's just two of them how close
attention are they paying why they're
doing the paper
we're gonna go they'll they'll say you
know they'll let you sign something that
says you know I I give up all rights to
sue the Royal Cunard lines and you know
they'll say fine go okay and then I can
come back tomorrow morning as long as
you sign this yes yes that we want to do
here yeah you said a lot of pain well I
need to write down I need to write my
writing is very important to me sir
you've been bitten apparently by a shark
your writing is the least of your
worries and I put my signature on it
so you guys are gonna continue to study
the book yep all right yeah you'll
you know you get a few more hours and
make an so Youssef you're gonna stay
you'll get another hit point four in the
medbay
um when you you know you both Joan and
Alexandra are like watching to make sure
when people come back and and it's very
clear to you that Youssef does not
return with the other two and the other
and Sivan Owen and Emma like kind of
single-mindedly just head right into
Emma's room oh we pay to read this book
where we're reading at we're finishing
it finishing it before it before they go
into her room though I wanted to ask
them do you think that on Andre six
these things on you on us or did he know
or did he know that the that they were
coming and he pointed it at us yes he or
it could just be just like the the other
book yes that book
fact that because I'm not reading it in
a safe space it knows where I am
and therefore I'm sure Andres bathrobes
has some magical wording on it and
that's why I hides it in there smuggles
it around in there what does the
headdress have to say about it
yeah well I was tempted to go back to
Andre and say what did you do or did you
know he's an idiot he doesn't know what
he's doing the headdress thinks says he
doesn't know what he's doing but he has
been able to do some things obviously or
at least he thinks he has has he had
been able to he's been able to do some
things I liked what Silvano's said once
and taught me even a broke clock is
Right twice a day
silvano it's it's quoting you even a
broken clock is Right twice a day it's
true yeah I can't make sense all right
well I think we need to get this get
this book back to them as soon as
possible so again they're gonna come
again that's why we have to do
bar the door and get this over with how
far am i into the book at this point
so you're it's gonna take weeks you know
it's gonna take probably two or three
weeks okay oh I thought this was a
smaller okay yeah yeah but trying to
translate and everything yeah you're
saying I mean there's a lot of like am i
reading a sentence in latin translating
it then Solano writing a sentence in
English I'm a knight I'm a pre-vet into
like I'm very Vanek into Catholic Matt
very good I've said through a lot of
Latin in my lifetime well I haven't
written a lot of Latin in my lifetime so
well no but she's translating yeah yes
oh I'm not writing in life right I'm out
of solution is a translation even if if
one person is doing translation it's not
a fun job doing it with someone else
kind of makes it harder
actually it's actually really
frustrating and getting annoying
actually so so I mean I'm worried I'm
worried that they're gonna come to door
rooms I'm Roni I'm worried about it I'm
worried they're gonna come to our rooms
guys so do we take watches do take chess
keeping keeping watch to make sure those
things don't catch us in our sleep they
don't they'll come tomorrow night and
they'll come I mean you fought off three
of them they're gonna come with more
than three we're just keeping it for
tonight though we just have it for the
night right he does have a long history
of you know extending your your book
loaning periods our due dates just keep
good a little further out so the
headdress is telling me that that
they'll come back and come back and come
back and probably bring more because we
you know it was a punch the fish we're
in their territory but it's but not
tonight I hope I could actually use some
sleep
yeah I suggest that we give the book
back if they up there and let them know
what's happening or don't know but sure
because we could get dropped that's all
so well anyhow we'll talk to him
tomorrow morning
can I bring up a topic here to discuss
yes
ochre no book who's concerned about this
guy actually doing something harmful to
the Duchess I mean we all don't like her
but that doesn't mean that we should
Andre the weird robed Spanish man kill
her no and what he was talking about and
how hesitant he was about the the
subject of price he's not just planning
to you know make her silent for a couple
of hours as a joke he's yeah doing
something more permanent and I'm not
alright with that I don't like her but
precisely she's also not someone that I
particularly want to see dead so should
we call he's not trying to kill her
not here well he's trying to exactly and
again if he's not and again he didn't
seem to be good
so hang on let me just back it up a
second here's a thought
we're the fish people actually evil or
are we the ones who are evil because
we've taken something from them they're
potentially it's a question for the ages
philosophers have long been discussing
are the fish people evil or visit us
anyone describe to me approximately what
happened yes yes we talked about like
what happened and how you know they
appeared and what no no he they were
they were no this is before before this
is before yes no I told you what let's
happen and that's why you were saying
yeah we need to find out that fish is
really dead or not most of those things
that are that have reasonably good
intentions don't tend to come in and
grab a hostage and hold a knife to their
throat for a possession yeah they didn't
really try to negotiate at all they just
basically said give it now and you mean
like most good people who steal things
from other people so so we also you're
not there this is just Joan and don't in
which conversation are we having the one
before the one where I bring up the fact
that you know I was a wreck on you you
previously had had that conversation I'm
saying tone to mo I mean I don't think
that we're good I don't think they're
good Emma you're reading a book about
the creation of the fish people because
they worshipped Dark Gods yeah and then
they paid a huge price for that so no
they don't deserve to have the book is
with the darkness pretty much chicks is
that the right interpretation because
the fish people were weren't Atlanteans
from what I understood I don't know
easily part of the book I guess and and
used the blackest of magics and then
they they paid a price for that there
any pictures in the book
I mean being being turned into a fish
person when your entire civilization is
sunk seems like an enormous price to pay
to me ooh I don't know I did we're at
the question of what is the right and
because Andre the creepy rope guy is not
exactly the most savory character either
you know giving it back to him is not a
great choice and not only that - who
knows it could be it could be somebody
else in that bathrobe it could be
somebody else in that bathroom wow I
don't even want to unpack that sentence
okay here's here's a question and I'm
going to direct it at the headdress as
well Joan can this thing be burned and
just removed destroy this book let's
know why we want to destroy it because
we don't want Andre to have it it's
probably not a good idea for the fish
people to have it I don't want us to
have it especially what's going to have
huh if we steal it we're no better than
the fish people or Andre I mean
obviously this doesn't belong to Andre
to begin with he bought it he bought it
from a vendor it's legally his yes in my
property and then it goes back to the
individual who's right rightfully owned
it to begin with it's a translation it's
a Latin translation of the original book
it's not the original book that he
received from from London and and a rare
book publisher at great cost who says
that the rare book publisher purchased
it illegally who says that wonder if
part of the Carlisle Group or whatever it
is the foundation not Carlisle
industries I I just I just think that
this is the sort of thing that is only
trouble I don't know what we can get out
of it and if we can make it so that no
one has it that might be best
but I think I'd like to talk with with
Andre your definition of talk and my
definition of talk one of them the other
there will be discussion before I think
yeah so look so in the morning do we
want to invite him to breakfast
do we tell him what happened yes yes we
we should make sure he knows of the
dangers then yeah I think we should wait
and find out and find out if he knew
about the dangers maybe if you know
about the dangers he and I are going to
have a sharp conversation otherwise if
he if he knew we're going to have a very
different kind of conversation if I
suspect he did when he shot that look at
all what's his name
span ban that was Stanley no I suspected
when he threw that look that he was
using Stanley as his battery could be
let you guys have that book really
easily you're not here rest up and get
better all right we are the ghosts of
know what Yusef would say in a time like
this
uh so that night you get a little rest
and you invite Andre to breakfast you're
in the lovely main dining hall of the
the the ship and Stanley comes with him
and Stanley's very excited I'm so good
to see you all again he's wonderful
oh hey you are you okay you've got
scratches oh the bites actually what bit
you that's you know that's shouldn't
you get some Stanley do you want to come
with me to the buffet and get some food
oh yeah they have waffles yes let's go
and get some falafel salute Oh Nia Oh
tell me more and and I mmm
Andre will you know keep sitting there
like sipping his little espresso
hmm did you unlock the secrets of the
book no Fishman attacked us fishermen
attacked you yeah I open up show the mmm
oh my god
yeah that that hasn't ever apparently
did John did you don't say out loud that
we were in their territory or did that
book only say yes okay
yeah apparently we are in the territory
of the Atlanteans and they want the book
back violently very violently oh no this
is the price well I think this is just
pissed off Fishman
but I'm casting magic III I've learned
to tell the difference between magical
prices and then just cultists who are
crazy and coming after you those
cultists they come regardless the word
Fishman is getting used a lot in the
courts I I don't know this is I'm so
sorry I did not if I'd known that this
would happen I wouldn't have given you
the book I'm so sorry we must destroy
this oh okay I was hoping you're gonna
say that you knew of protective magics
that would address I look at Joan
objective magics - she's off giving it
away she's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] she's a she's a she's
a distracting Stanley oh yeah and I did
look over nothing okay
I I mean this is evil we we must destroy
it if if these fish men are going to do
Atlanteans that's easier for you to
did you talk to them you know we talked
to them look they there's some
translation of Atlantean I speak a
little but it's quite hard you have to
gargle for part of it
can Emma imitate anything that they said
yeah hang on here come some ASMR legend
is perfect I can't believe they wanted
the book yes no and then they cast a
spell that flooded the the ship last
night oh oh no I mean why don't we throw
the book overboard then they'll have it
no good
we won't they won't come after us I
don't want to die but if there you won't
die you don't have the book right now
well I mean you're around the book right
now so if they were attacked right now
okay you guys can keep the book my
name's not Andrei my name is Joseph
Einstein I'm I'm a grifter I'm from New
York this guy stole a lot of money and
I'm fine with that but I don't want to
die from Fishman so all right Joseph
throw the bleep overboard who gave you
the book I got it from some guy who was
in in in London he mailed it to me and I
got it here in Kenya we were on Safari
I took Doughboy on Safari I call him
Doughboy cuz he's rich but he's also
really kind of got it yeah I got it got
it
double entendre yeah you get it why did
again where did the request for the book
come from yes why did you request this
book
right the only reason that Doughboy
would be with me is because he thought I
had some sort of magic power and he's
really obsessed with this Dutchess woman
who I've only met once speaking of him
that this woman is on every boat I think
he's crazy so you've never cast anything
from this book nobody know people don't
cast things oh yes they do
I don't speak of the land here there's
no such thing oh this could it killed
you I wouldn't die all right I'm gonna
run over to Joan with Brooke all right
yeah Joan Joan you need to talk to the
head dress and find a way to mask this
book from the atlanteans I mean you're
also muted no she's just smugly looking
at you okay you I mean look we're in the
water you can't hide things from
Atlanteans in the water this is their
realm
yeah we're in their room we're in their
realm we can't we can't hide it mm-hmm
well you're gonna need to learn ways to
mask us eventually anyways learn it
anyways ask the headdress well yeah the
headdress did say something about being
able to mask the other book mm-hmm you
have possession of the book I can make
it so they possibly won't know it's here
a fine possession we've got no problems
but on C it's difficult even for me yeah
so huge Keith they hand me the books
okay I've got the book so somethings
better than nothing
how much longer is this you guys we
should go have breakfast let's go back
to breakfast because there's one other
thing that we might be adoptable waffles
let's go get some breakfast yes waffles
a waffle right now let's go let's go the
before before they they back I I want to
look at edges like give us back the
brooch it's in the room then you get
that to us so we can get the Dutchess
off of our ass okay okay but don't don't
tell Stan anything fine and our
fisherman gonna kill me not if you don't
have that book keep the damn book I'll
thought I recognized one of my kind
I'm afraid Stanley that your friends
have no wish to carry through with this
ritual and thus I will be turning the
brooch over to them they will be keeping
the book and the brooch without the book
I am unable to perform the ritual but
they have told me that they will send me
a translated copy that I may be able to
use at a future point far in the future
Stanley very far in the future until
then perhaps we should travel more on
land it could take decades in the
worst-case scenario but we'll do our
best
oh no well you know I've always wanted
to go to India excellent yes Stanley
there is great mystical power in India
we can learn the secrets of the
Maharajah's that sounds exciting yes
that sounds like an adventure come
Stanley let us let us go back to the
room but I've got the waffle you can
bring it Stanley and they will go and
sure enough later that afternoon
Joseph Einstein will show up at
Alexandra's room and he'll like go all
right here's the damn brooch thank you
good luck with with with your friend
Thanks oh man
this is the hardest meal ticket I've
ever had no I understand
so he he will head back and that is the
last you will see of oh they will you
know in about two weeks the boat reaches
Bombay and they get off in Bombay Stan
sends you a the last nightstand sends
you a magnum of champagne and thanks you
profusely for all we've all you've done
and yeah that is last you'll see of them
so you have everybody who's damaged will
get fully healed and I wanted to get the
brooch back to the Duchess yes well
we're gonna deal with that I need to
drink some water on your neighbor's I
don't forget the Hat no I I want to be
there for this I gotta do but so yeah
everybody will be fully healed and yeah
you all decide as a group whoa whoa you
do know is anyone want to avoid the
Duchess like the plague no no no no
you've got to good to show her you've
got to show no okay all right I've got
to get back to working on the ritual all
right anyone who would like to come will
I return the trinket to the scary about
lady say that every moment the book is
not in your possession is a chance that
the fit that the Atlanteans will detect
it I'm not taking that book I'm working
on the ritual that I was telling you
about before yeah that's great no
it's very it's quite fetching on you I
don't even know how is that right I
think that's right
so yeah you a wait hold on first you go
and Tidwell opens the door yes I I would
like to speak with her her grace we have
retrieved something of hers very well I
shall inform her grace you may wait in
the sitting room
thank you dining room table so you hear
you don't hear tidwell's side of the
conversation
but you hear an unmistakable way that I
should be right down
Tidwell Bertram assist me in my
accoutrements she called it the right
name shocked there say there's now 20
minutes of grunting and groaning yeah
and and then Bertram comes down first
looking very out of breath and then
following behind is once again putting
putting a hurt on the stairs is the
Duchess my wonderful friends you have
done me such a service I understand that
you have returned my brooch office to
end up sweep her the appropriate curtsy
and then and then offer her the brooch
she like takes your hand which
disappears in her hand and then takes
her other hand over it and clasped it
uncomfortably hard no sense of what this
means to me thank you thank you so much
she takes the brooch
Bertram look it's me if the Queen knew
yes dear
immeasurable favor no look at Emma yes
we'll just call it even
your York your kind consideration your
graces all the things I could ever wish
for
how did give you any trouble no trouble
at all I see was there violence only a
little
I certainly hope you gave that German a
stern talking-to
of course and that I will not be
troubled by him again no they will and
then the German will leave you've quite
alone oh if only I had met you not
earlier you could have held to me with
so many other problems you are quite
useful in another peasanty sort of way
just like yep used to that inner
nobility they're all like this this
opportunity for plebeian are you dead
that's too big a word for her so the
only other thing that I would say to her
is that you know if for instance we have
another outing you know if I need to I I
like to acquire relics and things you
know maybe I could acquire something for
you and you could pay us at some point
would that be fun I would not have the
first idea what sort of relic you mean
do you mean like that
garish piece of jewelry on your head
Oh something like that part what did she
call me
I really think you should take that off
oh no no no no no no no Garret he's not
garish it's it's a very nice
accoutrement one should never gender
one's jewelry it's a tragic error I made
once I had a signet ring that I referred
to as after my third cousin Beatrice I
called it her all the time when I told
him how much I loved Beatrice I see I
see that thank you
I was nearly banished from the flock the
Church of England does not stand for
that sort of thing and frankly neither
do i it's unseemly and Beatrice is a
horrible woman oh are you still here
I just bow and get out thank you as you
leave Bertram
singing well they seemed nice no I don't
think so
count the silverware fit well and the
Duchess leaves our stage again for the
moment and so I think now just to remind
everybody as soon as this episode is
over which is presently we're gonna do a
Q&amp;A with our members we're gonna take
questions from the chat one of the
questions that we just got is what would
happen if the headdress was on the
Duchess that would be the second world
end of this scenario it would be a very
loud world but when we next next week's
episode is gonna be a little different
we're actually bringing back the lesser
Dane society the B team and Donnell and
where they're going to try and clean up
the mess in Egypt that was left there so
they will be dealing with NIDA Chris and
who knows what else in there there will
probably be more explosives than usual
and more shooting than usual it's
been a while since Donnell has had been
able to shoot anything sounds good let's
bridge yes we are we are doing our
darkness to make sure that Nick has a
mustache in his undisclosed location