These are again the B team.
last we saw of them they had come off a boat from
England and accepted Rogers offer to go
to work for him and they've been
off-screen since then until someone
needed them one difference is that donal
an original character has joined the
crew here is along with the
and so we're gonna start in let's see
when did you guys left you left Cairo
right around when we were like the end
of March I believe it was April
something did you leave in April if
you're talking about the greater Dane
Society yes April 7th there's a lot yeah
I think yeah I think we left on April
7th essentially the the lesser Danes the
b-team I think I'll say that because
it's easier the B team has been since
you you started working for Rogers you
have been essentially getting you've
been living high on the hog you've been
in a posh hotel you've kind of been
waiting for his phone call Donnell has
had a very different experience than the
rest of you we'll get to that in a
second and you have been essentially
kept in a in a first-rate hotel with a
military driver who will take you around
an american military driver and you have
been sequestered basically for all of
this time Donal at the end of at the end
of your last run you are being taken off
for various immigration problems by the
English authorities it turns out that
you learned that the English government
is a signatory to a treaty with most of
the Western world that gives this newly
formed Delta Green agency a great deal
of latitude in terms of extrajudicial
matters and so you spend a very
unpleasant couple of weeks in a prison
where you very quickly teach people not
to mess with you and you come out you
are brought out of it by American MP
and you are cleaned up and given about a
week to get back in shape and then you
are told to where you're gonna report so
we start around April let's see when did
you send them April 10th you sent the
message to Rogers that's the three part
telegram
so April 11th you are all summoned to
the American Embassy with one then we
sent seven more follow-up ones
clarifying and if you sent another one
like days later just going so remember
all that forget about that yeah it's
it's like the the answering machine
message in what's that movie but god
that's terrible
I mean I'm old slackers no not
slackers the the swing one that was hot
swingers swingers there you go got him
hold the swing one gave it away that was
his original title before the entitled
swing project there we go and so you are
all brought to the American Embassy I
don't think any of you know who Donnell
Doyle s'en you have seen this man before
that's right
because before yeah cuz he was one of
the ones who hauled an unconscious been
bleeding Alexandrian to my sin to my
surgery yes and so you to recognize each
other and there is a gentleman a
no-nonsense government factotum who most
of you know all of you know as agent
Rogers is sitting at a desk and all
right look I'm bringing you all together
you've been deputized you're now part of
Delta Green I'm going to tell you some
things now that cannot lean cannot leave
this room
so in the Great War the goddamn Germans
tried anything they could to win towards
the end and part of it was they they
pulled out some of that Wagner [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
they believed in and tried to use the
supernatural to win the war and they
found some ways to bring creatures from
somewhere else out there and it was all
it all seemed like hooey and applesauce
but it's not and you know it's not and I
know it's not and that's why Delta Green
was formed because we can't admit to the
general public that any of this crap is
real because they're not ready for it so
most of the members of the League of
Nations and the United States signed the
Omega Treaty which created the Omega
protocol the Omega protocol allows Delta
Green to have extra Jurists extra
judgmental jurisdiction and take the
actions that are necessary to stop these
things I'm sure some of you read in the
paper about an English royal an English
noble family where there was a
distressing fire and that was us because
it turns out there was an honest-to-god
am werewolf in that house oh I'm not
gonna let an honest to god damn werewolf
run around the English countryside so
once once the once the initial Nimrods
that we have trying to clean this stuff
up told me there was a werewolf there we
have a good enough relationship with our
English friends that I was able to send
in a squad of soldiers with
flamethrowers this next problem that I
need you to deal with is a totally
different matter because Egypt has not
signed the Omega tree Egypt will not
allow me to send in a platoon of
soldiers so you are my platoon of
soldiers
Commodus lovers are in this room well
one wanna be hey no you see you served
in the First World War right Flint nope
in the Great War oh you didn't oh no
that that was me but I shot a trespasser
once hmm
it counts mm-hmm that the aforementioned
team of Nimrods left Egypt after
summoning some sort of ancient Pharaoh
queen and he puts a picture down of an
african-american woman on the on the
thing this is well her historical name
forgive me is night Oh Chris she's going
by an assumed name that we don't know
she has taken over most of the cult
activities in Cairo and in the and
really in Egypt she took over from this
man and she puts down a picture of Omar
al he puts out a picture of Omar al
Shakti the man who killed himself to
bring night across into back into
existence and al Shakti was a minor
crime lord who had appears was also a
major runner in the in the cult the cult
of the black Pharaoh so the last group
that was in there fled and then sent me
a telegram from the middle of the Suez
Canal telling me the mess they'd made of
things and then they sent like five more
additions to that telegram trying to
change what they said but it's very
simple you're going into Cairo and
you're gonna kill Knight Icarus so
where's Aleksandra
she is somewhere in the Suez Canal I
mean no they have all left Cairo sound
like your your team there Donald
it's that did this I wouldn't say it's
my team anymore but I know a few of them
good good fellows very well meaning the
best of operatives but they good
intentions there so Rogers who I know
the doctor I know this doctor from New
York yeah good to see you again
Doyle Doyle listen right yeah these
others are Flint thorn castle pleasure
to meet you pretty good with a rifle oh
good
joder sting pretty good pretty good with
a pistol but also very agile and then Oh
that's Emma Stansfield darling
Stansfield who is named there must
always be an Emma that's a part of the
Omega Treaty for some there always has
to be an Emma we have oh my gosh yeah my
second-favorite twitch user squirrel on
the run tried by me it's to Flint thorn
castle
thanks plane I think it was in honor of
you growing your own moustache I mean
that's that's dedication man and my
favorite occupant of Drury Lane the
muffin mage sent ya inspiration to the
players to kill Knight Icarus let's do
it I I get so werewolves just send in
men with flamethrowers resurrected
Egyptian queen
how do you kill one of those Oh do we
have the book that they had that are
used to make it look there's always a
book it's always a book I don't know
what book you're referring to but it is
Delta greens
stated mission to use as much as we can
fire to fight fire and so if you find
any sort of books or things like that we
will add them to our armory that didn't
answer my question
oh he didn't notice so we have a man
on the inside in Cairo that we will
connect you with we're going to we're
gonna sneak you in with whatever
equipment you need in if you go through
our agent in Cairo you can get we have
access to some heavier ordnance and
possibly some explosives as needed
but again the English no longer are the
governing group of of Egypt so I can't
stress enough the danger of acting extra
governmentally in Egypt if if you're
caught by the gut by the authorities if
you are if you die in the line of duty
you are not officially any sort of you
have no official connection to the
United States government Delta green is
supranational we're supernatural
national so in Cairo you will connect
with mr. Nigel Wasif I do what I thought
was Seif the editor of the Cairo
bulletin okay
he's also a spot and English spy that
makes that makes it is interaction with
Alexandria all them were amusing to me
oh my gosh I just it's I don't know what
I'm doing so King Shikamaru gives me 500
inspiration which Thank You King
Shikamaru and the muffin mage who I know
gives me two inspiration to kill the
lesser Dane society and Jay Mathias
twitch user possibly my second I don't
know Jay Matthews eighty five gives
me another inspiration because no one
will miss the backup characters an
alternate universe has an eyepatch
that's true that Emma has has lived a
little she's ridden the Orient Express
and lived to tell Hugo with that that
was amazing
that he never mind never mind did you
also did you get to Marga Torres I'm
assuming answer this one is for you is
incorporated I mean pies incorporated
into my dinner I don't know that's
that's a reference back to the mug to
the to your mitten where I was upsetting
you have it the face with a pie before I
ever did in a game
Appling is what you're gonna do they're
kind of tricky so so you are loaded
into a cart first of all you all can
have whatever weapon you know think of
weapons you want you have rifles I know
Flint has a flint has an elephant gun
they will you know they'll give you you
can all have rifles you know your stools
whatever you want I've got I've got a
regular rifle and an elephant gun in
case you know you have 30.6 you
currently have a 45 pistol which i think
might be the best that I can get because
my my firearm stuff is always is on
handguns sure mattemore miles 235 what's
the damage on a 45 versus a 38 45 is a 1
d 10 plus 2 and I have the actually had
a thing open at the moment is a 1 d 10
I've got a hunting knife I don't know
what else what I need beyond that I feel
obligated to like put on a flamethrower
now flame so here's the fun part about
flamethrowers in World War 1 in World
War 2
they were only sort of unreliable and
were row 1 they were more dangerous to
the person using it than they were to
who the person they were being used on
where that doesn't mean I'm not tempted
to scrap one on doesn't mean I'm gonna
walk out with it but I might scrap one
on and then put it like that was another
mo wood second the flamethrower because
then could we fashioned it to actually
just squirt milk you needed that last
time did you get my cat Kevin for 500 I
did my cat Kevin also giving me 501
inspiration five hundred bits thank you
so much it's actually my cat penny but
you know okay but but already gonna kill
us operation yes yes seriously already
stacked against us pretty heavily Zach
so yeah so I have told the players this
so this like Cthulhu is made then Call
of Cthulhu is super dangerous if you're
going to engage in combat it's not a fun
fight game and so this is gonna be a lot
of combat scenario maybe depending on
how diplomatic the B team wants to be
right so you you are loaded loving
alcohol after last time
like inherently you can't underestimate
the use of that stuff you are
actually flown into Cairo mmm
from London to parrot you you you
basically hopscotch
all the way down the Balkans and you
land at an American army bay army base
in outside of Cairo and then you are let
loose on the city the the muffin mage is
back with 500 inspiration to Amy because
we need all the Emmis to survive we
really do we have to wait to smoosh them
together to make em a prime be exempt
and kill that lady wherever she may be
was that the next ritual is to make an
EMA Prime to go over against night
Stowe
yeah you are you are let out of this
this base and you are you know your
luggage is being sent to the Palace
Hotel which is like one of the nicest
hotels in England downtown Cairo it has
not been on fire recently so that's a
bonus and and your luggage including
whatever ordinance you wanted to pick
and you are told to you are told to
connect with Nigel Wasif for more intel
on your target and then however you
decide to take out the target is up to
you did we get a place where we can go
and meet them or did we want to just go
and meet him at the newspaper that
that's their suggestion is just to meet
him at the newspaper okay I kill a
grimmer Grenier
I don't know scallop premier thinks that
I have too much inspiration so angry 500
bits to the players hey this is it
I love it you guys are making it rain
out there that's gonna make that's let's
go take more than inspiration so yeah is
evening of April 12th at this point and
you are you have a lovely dinner in
downtown Cairo and then the night is
yours if you wish to use it do we have
anybody who's who speaks this language
I'm afraid not
I'm more Latin and Chinese myself used
interpretations for us it's that a good
idea even I mean let's let's meet our
contact I mean and then we can trust him
hmm that's not until the morning well
yeah but is there anything that we need
to do tonight get sleep know what the
rest of your experiences with Holly the
rest of you got involved with Delta
green I see the time I know the John's
former military with the rest to you
why were you recruited we fought some
like gremlins
yay toys and babies mm-hmm they sorcery
and little beams that would you
didn't want to be hit by them they
figured out a way they figured out a way
to weaponize plague and it got loose on
the ship didn't we light it on fire
I think we did always who figured out
how to weaponize plague hmm other than
the plague gremlins on a boat what else
I think I shot a Cooper Cooper Cooper
oh I'm on a quest no explain to you what
the others are up to
and the others have been doing the
reason the traveling loan helping a
resurrect an Egyptian queen I certainly
hope that's not what they're doing
we've heard a little bit of the
explanation but not a whole lot we don't
need to know a whole lot in order to
complete our side of the job we know as
much as you do you seem awfully
concerned about this and about
Alexandria and them why don't why why
why haven't you gone to be with them
I've been in prison how did that happen
what you do it's the shorter version of
that answer yes whatever the situation
that the others are it's it's it's
nightmare stuff I take my purse and
basically like hide it under my chair as
soon as he says I'm Irish Faro fellow
who's like on like a aspect of another
of a larger something that I I'm not
explaining this very well this is not my
Bala here but he's from he wasn't
Egypt and his base of power is here I'm
assuming this night to Chris is some
sort of a code obviously a cold stuff my
one of them were here to explain it
better because it's not my expertise but
in any rate all I know is these
understand the black froth that I was
supposed to be bringing some other fella
other horrible horrible we can be back
to earth to destroy everything so so
Rogers explained Rogers explained to us
that some sort of Cataclysm in under a
year is approaching or so right
January I believe next year well then
that that that makes sense then if this
night of Chris ladies has taken over the
cult of the black Pharaoh
she's working tuned to probably bring
him back so maybe not but let's just put
out as many of these fires as we can
right
yeah I hate cultists anyway we just go
and kill them there was a cult operating
in England that we'd already dealt with
and they were trying to do something
similar they're trying to summon some
horrible horrible ancient being in a
ritual site they had up being this
countryside we took care of him and that
cult perhaps something similar is
happening here intelligence role what 14
success which is actually the it's hard
success did you take care of the cult
[Music]
leader the cult leader came after us in
the second cult leader we also took care
of two that's two calls so wait a second
Donald can you back up and explain there
was what this cult did this cult in
England bring forth a god or a pharaoh I
think if they did we all will be dead
right now they did not they did not
succeed in their evil horrible plans of
some sort and the grounds were they were
using to do the ritual Delta Green i
cleansed all that as well that's what he
mentioned all right and and you're a lot
we're fighting something in New York
that's what how do you bring in
Alexandria to my door when I met you
first
something was fighting us frankly in New
York I don't even know if we were very
well you got out with your lives that's
I'm sorry what did you say
what does everyone do as far as what
skills do you have
I'm a reporter I work for the scoop so I
have some knowledge in
mysterious and unknown because that's
what we report on
well this contactor also a newspaper
fellow as well that'd be a good person
to talk with I wasn't acrobatic in a
traveling circus
but these cultists they came over they
had we're looking for a book that
thought my mother had and they came they
took my father's life
they took my mother's life and they
smashed my Caravan
and I ran away when I came back it took
all my belongings and went out in search
of them so that's why I'm here
good so we have a question for you the
Brits here why is an Irishman in charge
since technically they're in charge of
nothing and obviously can't even execute
an insurrection properly yeah he's just
getting to know us and okay moustache
man what what's with the big gun sir
and I don't mean that as a euphemism not
that kind of thing
I mean it works is that kind of
euphemism to essentially gather intel on
what we're up against figure out who
this person when she looks like where
she is but she's located and if we can
even kill her people come back from the
dead then it sounds like some sort of a
magic to me and that's really the
question is where can we go and research
what NIDA Chris is is she dead is the
cult difficult bring her back
is a mummy is she like a I'm mummified
is this like a ghostly possession
Robert show us a picture of her right
she was a young attractive
african-american African African woman I
guess African I imagine if we end up
having to encase your in concrete and
dropping her at the bottom of the ocean
instead of killing her do you think
Rogers will have any objections to that
then he killed an entire noble family
with flamethrowers so probably not okay
did he mention what the woman's name was
what I'm trying to get at no no she's
going under an alias right now and we
don't know what it is is she free I
don't know how to put this real iqua
fied like reduced my dried-out mummy or
is she possessed in another individual
Rogers didn't did Rogers specify I'm
sorry if I forgot but he just was like
yeah an Egyptian Queen has returned from
the dead and it's like and he showed us
the picture again any telegram that was
sent to Rogers was mattingly unclear on
how Knight Icarus actually came back
what that would have happened were two
whole telegrams for that they didn't
have to make sense but I figured piecing
together there was something about a
sword or something so yeah the the firt
UV the night will pass uneventful II
you'll have a nice rest and you can go
and meet the next day Nigel Wasif he is
at the offices of the of the the career
and he is a he is obviously an
Anglophile he is dressed impeccably in
the latest British fashion he is very
excited to to see some of you you were
also given a catchphrase that will let
hi-yah yeah it's you're a spy is the
catchphrase
they never expect that one yes hello my
friends hello welcome welcome to Cairo
tell me how can I be of assistance do we
have we already given the catchphrase to
him is that was that your lead you just
walk in and well no the swallow flies at
midnight why do I didn't catch what was
it actually I didn't know if that was
okay nothing clever like we're here to
follow up on the Omega 37 story that you
wrote a couple years back so as soon as
you say that he will very calmly and
surely stand up and close the door to
his office I'm guessing that England
sent you I mean we dispatched from
England but the u.s. sent us huh Cora
marrett
uh well I am an agent of the British
Empire and so you you have you've you've
how can I help what do you need what is
your what is your mission here actually
I was under the impression we were here
to help you with a resurrected Egyptian
queen Oh Oh your the strike team I'm
actually feeling really badass right now
like yeah we're gonna actually awake
early no part of my brain is like oh
yeah we are we're here to take out a
resurrected sorceress Queen damn
straight
mm-hmm this is gonna go smooth there's
no way this could possibly go wrong
straight down there's not gonna be a
single bump on the way now so we've got
has this gentleman here about the
cultists well we weren't told to concern
ourselves too much with it well black
Pharaoh you're us right the
this this lady this resurrected Queen
we're told is is leading the or has
consolidated a lot of the call to the
black fair around herself yes yes the
the former head was Omar al Shakti and
he has disappeared mysteriously and this
woman who claims to be the reincarnation
of night Icarus
she has consolidated power and taken
over she's usually here in Cairo but she
has also taken over al Shakti's compound
which is out towards Giza
he has a plantation a cotton plantation
that he used as his base of operations
it's your so at this point it because
you know everybody make a psychology
role on a stick no no I totally totally
did not okay so one of my things
Nelson is the only one who made it it is
clear that he is like getting off on
playing the spy game of course and you
know he's like you're here to to kill
Knight Icarus oh my goodness that's so
exciting and deal with the cultists no
no no our job is just to kill her
we're probably paducah cultists too
we'll probably have to do but our
priority is NIDA Chris especially since
she's the one consolidating power if we
can if we can kill her will scatter
their power you know tonight there is a
gala at the Egyptian Museum and this
whatever NIDA Chris's new role a name is
I have a few pictures of her and he
pulls out one of the pictures that
Rogers showed you
he hasn't two other pictures of her that
Rogers didn't have that kind of look
like society page photos of
her sort of hobnobbing with rich with
other rich Egyptians and was he fool
explained that at least in one of them
she's also hobnobbing with high-level
Egyptian government officials is there a
name attached to any of these no no
she's gotten that powerful with that led
in her name get around yeah who took the
pictures I mean honestly how do you like
take a picture without getting
attribution you know who's sorry for the
caption at least I asked the photography
this was provided to me by the the al
Shakti family which is the name which is
the umbrella of his various interests
and organizations they have a charitable
side the Shakti Foundation and this was
a fundraiser for the AL Shakti
foundation and I asked in my in my role
as the editor I asked for some publicity
shots and every shot they sent me had
this woman in it this is the three they
sent me and they didn't list any name
for her but they named all of the other
people in the picture and I replied back
asking who the woman in the picture was
and I have had no response and what does
the el Shakti Foundation can contribute
to iris he they give large amounts of
mosques that care for the poor and
indignant here in Cairo but she will be
at this gala tonight at the at the
Egyptian Museum
do we think any of us would want to put
ourselves in a situation of exposing
ourselves to her at this point we need
to figure out who she is at the very
least if we know we just need to wait
for her to enter exit the plantation
compound
and sniper we've Intel as well perhaps
do what she's up to but on amongst us is
a good source of infiltration
submissions like this goes to another
party I'm kind of important in the party
circle if you know what I mean do we
know where her where the where the
compound is in Jesus specifically yeah
he'll give you the exact location it's a
large it's a plantation so it's many
acres okay and my guess is that there's
probably not like a tree or something to
hide in cuz Cairo's know we'd have
remarkably low on those things behind
the tree like this I'm thinking about
our snipers and having somewhere high up
to shoot from doesn't have to be high up
but we would need something to cover
ourselves it would blend in I mean you
could maybe fine no you'd need to be on
the compound to get a good shot yeah
no we'd have to go in right in the
cotton field but you know sniper rifles
in in in the 20s we're not you know like
rifles we're not gonna shoot a mile I
love it I wonder if they need more
people to get this thing or deliveries
what's it livered and then out of the
compound yeah you can easily find a
Wasif can easily find out for you
although he says you know there is a
it's it's cotton plantation so cotton is
being picked up and delivered fairly you
know daily right but I was thinking
about you know if we could get close to
her during this thing we might not even
wait have to wait for her to get out we
can't take her out in public that would
be ridiculous no there's all sorts of
ways at a party tone to get someone into
a private corner come on don't you know
this Alexandra told me that that was
who else are in who else is in the
pictures with her besides L Shakti her
mouth Shakti is not in the pictures
because remember how shocked he said you
guys know that it's clear that Wasif
does not know that our Shakti's did he
just says all Shakti has mysteriously
disappeared okay
but we're told that he that he died a
sword we were told that he disappeared I
don't know if we were told that he died
yeah I think it was in the telegrams in
the pictures yeah I hope that there one
of them is with some rich socialites in
and then the other one is with
government officials so people from the
interior ministry Seif can get you entry
to this dalla whoever wants to go I
think that having at least a couple of
us go to this gala is a good idea to at
least start trying to gather some
information on her if this is one of the
only places where she'll appear in
public is at events like these then
getting as much information as we can
get is all to the better and who do we
think I'm thinking that are two style
people here mr. dorsen I want to I want
to I want to try to see if I can get
into and work with one of these things
you know I got some skills in that area
serving wing all that you look the part
frankly apologies but it looks like most
of the employees events like this are
going to be native locals that's that
was evil people will say that it would
be unheard of for a white person to be
serving drinks at any event in in Cairo
that's that's my concern about getting
onto the plantation disguised as any
delivery drivers or anything like that
as well as we are all a little too white
for that yeah I was thinking that would
get us in trouble
we're all right well too white for this
yeah I was gonna say I have disguise but
that's not gonna work
it's not the right kind of disguise I
can get the jacket in the Hat right but
what if Thor Castle Anderson and myself
were security on the outside if we keep
an eye on things from the outside well
care to go to a party Miss Emma
absolutely dr. Doyle s'en all right so
Flint Joe and Donnell all make me let's
call them spot hidden rules
find good height hidey holes well before
that I do want to look into materials
for a ghillie suit or two ghillie suits
yeah World War one yeah yeah I mean it's
camouflage has been around since time
immemorial the trick is urban is much
harder like here you know you want to
find somewhere on a roof maybe or
something I'm talking about the
plantation I'm expecting we're gonna
have to go to the plantation later I'm
just doing a little bit of prep work but
anyhow for this I'm rolling for what am
i rolling Beach makes fun Hayden's give
me a thumbs up if you got it where's
spot hidden oh my god I'm not good at
that yeah all right so mommy okay
not me I'm not I'm not the 68 that
Solano is right yes
okay so we on two out of three missed it
so you find an OK spot it's got some
overlook of the of the front entrance
where people main people are coming in
but it doesn't really have any coverage
on it doesn't have any coverage of any
of the back entrances but you are on a
you're on a the roof
of a small building that is overlooking
the entrance to the British Museum the
stairway up the grand stairway up to the
to the British Museum
if we get caught we could always say
that that we were hired by Doyle soon to
protect himself
no that would link us to him alright so
it is you guys the the the outside team
you're gonna need to get up there fairly
early so that you're not going up there
like once the Gala's started it does not
seem with with one spot hidden does not
seem like this is a high-security event
it seems like it's pretty much just the
museum security but it's not it's not
like it doesn't seem like there's a lot
of outside security that you can see
there's like one guy at the door of the
museum that's about it so Emma and Doyle
s'en you both have invitations so you
get you get all gussied up and about six
o'clock you head to the British you want
to go in when it starts do you want to
go in the middle when do you want to I I
think at least a half hour after it's
meant to start possibly 45 minutes all
right yeah so you you head in and
there's a there's a photographer taking
pictures of people that come in on the
outside you guys have not seen a night
Icarus enter anyone that looks like that
picture most people drive up to the
steps and they start walking up and you
have a pretty good view of them you
haven't seen anyone that matches that
description going in and you too when
you go in it's not terribly high
security there's one guy at the door who
checks your invitations and then you are
sauntered in and this in the Egyptian
Museum there's a room that is
essentially meant to be a Pharaoh's tomb
in it's like the inside of a pyramid and
that's where this ball is taking place
and so you are led into this massive
ballroom that has sarcophagi and these
statues these 20 foot tall black stone
statues that to other people that are
not here would look very familiar
I was wondering and you know walls of
hieroglyphics and all of this stuff and
the room is the room is more than half
full and there are you know there are
lovely cut-offs being passed around and
beverages champagne is flowing freely do
I see any of the ministers from any of
the pictures that we've seen so far make
a spot hidden roll on dice I was also
hidden rules I just made it alright so
go ahead and outside team make your
rolls 60 is no success all right so I
got a hard success hard success so you
definitely see one of the ministers from
the the interior minister will call him
[Music]
well call him mister a thief has oh wait
do I want to use that name I don't point
him out okay yeah you point him out so
and and Emma you see the same thing you
see the interior minister with it looks
like maybe two aids is sort of you know
making his he's making the rounds of the
party okay so I grabbed oil s'en under
the arm and I intercept that row of
people so that he gets to me next yeah
yeah
and make an appearance role okay I'm I'm
just her arm arm candy so
it's a hard success yes so Minister a
seat clearly takes notice of you and he
he he he says oh hello madam call how
enchanting to meet you tell me what
brings you to this dis gala tonight
Oh Minister this is very exciting I have
never been to such an to such an exotic
place before is all of this you're doing
in here this is a fantastic party yes
all of the items you see in here are
reclaimed from the hated English for
what it's worth John Doyle Sanders is an
American I was throwing that out there
they were they were these were all items
that the English wished to take back to
their British Museum no thanks to the
work of my country and Mike and our
overthrowing of the the colonial yoke we
have connected and returned Egypt's
birthright is telling me there's a
little bit of natus ISM to his voices
he's okay I'm sure you do Emma's our
epistle so you're telling me and I kind
of like after I regained my composure
and be like everything's good it's okay
it's okay I kind of lean away from Doyle
sin and just sort of pet his arm and
just say so you're telling me you lead
the team to acquire all of these
magnificent items well I have certainly
put a lot of work into it but so have so
many people it is there I am blessed
that there are many fellow Egyptians who
believe that our birthright and our
culture belongs in Egypt so who are all
of these statues oh man alright so now
he will start - he's either making stuff
up or he has a really good knowledge of
Egyptology
either of you have any archaeology you
can roll it ha if you know he's he
doesn't 1% chance go for it I mean I
could psychology and see if I can tell
if he's lying
except that could reverse fast walk him
low talking 91 all right
this he is he is chapter and verse
telling you exactly who's who and what's
what
and so he is he is you know he'll give
you like a tour of everything that is
going around and he will start to talk
about all the various places and the
various things in here and about after
about 30 minutes he says madam you
must excuse me pardon me and he he like
makes his excuses and he he steps over
to one of the tall statues and you see
sort of standing by the statue is that
woman you saw in the picture and she's
not minister are talking okay nope hmm
I'm like where's el you guys on the
outside no one else has come in you have
been watching can we so Donelson and I'd
we just kind of like I do one of those
fake talks like can you hear what
they're saying do you want to try like
slide in close and listen kind of like I
want to do this we're having a
one-on-one conversation and he's having
a conversation over there were
pretending to talk but not talk yeah I
would like to join him to listen as well
let's see you know what I'll call that a
listen roll sure okay oh wow I need
inspiration if I'm gonna do this how did
you do I made it alright so you could so
with one success you will get close
enough to hear stuff but if they made
the spot hidden role they will it will
be obvious to them with to listen
success
you'll be close enough and it won't be
obvious do it okay
I mean my listen is 69 let me change do
I track guys are you using
birds-of-paradise no I'm not I'm using I
don't even know I'm using the cheater
dice so I just make a standard success
all right so yeah you you don't notice
or there you are not noticed and you are
both close enough to hear that she is
clearly telling him that the delivery
must be made to the compound by midnight
tomorrow mm-hmm and he the minister is
sort of like well it's it's very hard
and they might you know they might they
might notice it's missing and so on and
so forth and and she's just having none
of it she says it's delivered to the
compound tomorrow by midnight you know
what you must do and that's like a
that's like a you're dismissed
you know what you have to do woof um
what does she sound like to us and what
does she have an accent of any variety
does she sound what does she sound like
speaking perfect English mm-hmm
and she sounds like British English yes
British English and you know you can't
you don't detect any hint of an accent
hmm she was made out of him of primes so
I don't know how she turned British
though I glanced over cuz I'm doing one
of those I mean we've all done this at a
party we were just like don't look there
but there's a person that's really
important to over there kind of thing if
I wheel around and look at her she's
obviously looking him dead in the eye
she's not looking around the room that's
right yes she is like as a matter of
fact she seems like super so focused on
him that she's not even noticing like
and when the conversation is over where
does where do they part to does she kind
of just
slink back into the shadows does he like
run off what happens he he like leaves
he leaves the party to go and do
something like he's he heads off like
sort of berating the other two to get to
work and you know we have to make this
happen and that sort of thing and she
just lingers sipping a champagne and
sort of smiling and watching the party
hmm well doctor that one's yours
[Laughter]
possibly might be able to might be I
grab so if there's a server who that
comes by I grab two things of champagne
and go like go hide
excellent I'm gonna linger firm for a
second not like obviously lingering but
like give it give it a second until I
can see that her glass is a little low
he already rolled a hundred on the spot
he has no idea you're even there
[Laughter]
successor were screwed what did I I
should change out my dice I I need some
birds of paradise
I mean clearly all right so once at once
I've noticed that her drink is low
enough that I thought a gentleman could
reasonably get away with offering her
another drink I'm gonna walk over to her
okay so yeah you yeah she she'll
like look up it finally she notices you
and she sort of smiles and she nods her
head as you hold up the the glass and
she will take the she will take the the
glass of champagne and clink glasses
with you and take a sip shoot I'm bad at
flirting come on come on just just give
it a shot I mean we roll with
inspiration if it's terrible yeah
you're not British so you compare a
yeah you're not British you can be a
little bit inappropriate nice nice
alright fine everyone's just staring at
me I love this I just thought of three
mummy jokes that would probably get me
slapped don't don't give it away don't
do a mummy joke no if you're not
comfortable you could also I mean you
could start a pseudo ex card this you
could we could come up with ideas for
you to get out of the situation too you
don't play it yeah I'm I'm honestly
really bad at this and I don't want to
be the one sticking my foot in my mouth
there's a bad one though I want to hear
it
of all the generals in Egypt clearly the
finest one is standing in front of me I
like it all you have to do is spill a
drink on her after that and you nail it
all right she looks at you and she she
voluntarily laughs oh wait and we got
500 inspiration for honey how you doing
how you doing yeah you doing my goodness
you are very bad at flirting yes it's
it's it's not a skill I'm particularly
good at I apologize we're also not from
Cairo no no I'm not you're American yes
I am and what brings you to our
beautiful city
Oh curiosity mostly this the the the
wonders of Egypt er of course spoken of
worldwide and I finally had opportunity
to come and see for myself
yeah and so you are a tourist I'm sorry
yeah
I see and tell me your name dr. Doyle
son dr. John Doyle s'en a doctor yes
you're not an archaeologist are you I
hope no medical doctor that's much
better
and your name madam I am I am sory for
awash sharifa arash pleasure to meet you
of course and why are you what brings
you to this gala this is not a tourist
event no friend a friend of mine was
able to procure an invitation and she
thought that it would be best that we we
come and see the the lovely Museum when
it's not when it's not so full of other
of other tourists gets the inside view
of things so to speak I see this was not
a not an inexpensive ticket you must you
must do rather well for yourself dr.
Doyle s'en well I keep myself busy you
know we have so few skilled doctors here
in Cairo that's a shame trilling are you
travelling or are you staying because
were you staying I might have a job
opportunity for you what sort of a job
well my I run a very large cotton
plantation and I'm not sure how much you
know about the cotton business but it
can be a little dangerous for some of
the workers hmm and having a doctor to
aid them would would certainly not only
increase productivity but also increase
morale Oh certainly there I've seen some
of the things that
the cotton machines can do terrible
terrible things but I've dealt with
worse and tell me doctor are you where
are you from New York New York oh I
would love to visit New York you should
come and visit sometime
it is Alex say it sir it's certainly
very different from Cairo but it has its
own life to it yes you know there's a
store that I would love to visit in New
York really which one is it's called the
juju house perhaps you being I don't
believe I have
hmm you you seem strangely familiar for
some reason have you been to Egypt
before I haven't but I'm told that I
have one of those faces ah yes I have
one of those faces as well I keep it in
a closet useful place to keep it as long
as long as it keeps theater around it so
the mobs don't get to it oh I see
I appreciate that you were not put off
by my little joke medical man I'm dark
humor is sort of my my bailiwick mm-hmm
well doctor if you are interested I
would be very happy to show you my
plantation maybe in a couple days you
could come by let me give you the card
of my assistant I would be delighted and
she hands you a card that has a phone
number on it
mm-hmm and yeah she says call her
assistant in a couple days and she'll
arrange a tour of the compound and I
would love to try and convince you to
stay in Egypt forever well depending on
on what sort of things you have going on
I might be able to be convinced you know
my
testers believed that someone that dies
in Egypt lives on forever
eternal hmm perhaps we could see if that
even holds true for Westerners could be
an interesting experiment but if you
will excuse me I do need to go back to
running my large large business excuse
me and she kind of fades back and you
see her go out a side door okay
and make a spot hidden role and I am
I'll let you make this role as well okay
while we're rolling Joe gave us another
five hundred bits for having your flirty
skills and insulted by me throws entity
it's not nothing I rolled a critical
success boom that's good cuz I rolled a
94 Tomas is getting me new dice so with
a critical success you will see that
when she goes to the side door there are
like six guys that have heavies written
all over them hmm right they are
immediately surrounding her okay do I
see any weapons on them mm-hmm with a
critical success you think there are
definitely some guns in there somewhere
okay but all right like a sword or
anything like that
sure so after giving them a few moments
to fade off and me just sort of set and
they're going I think I just got
threatened reasonably sure I just got
threatened what did what did she say if
you if you die and Egypt maybe you will
live on eternally let's see if that
holds true for Westerners that feels
like a threat it does it also feels
creepily romantic but also a threat you
know I love you forever now let me put
you in cement and lock you here I don't
know
right so I tell Emma all
of what just transpired and that now I
have a standing invitation to the
plantation because doctors are in short
supply here but that's not going to help
is there anybody else at the party that
looks like somebody that we need to know
you know what I'm talking about knows hi
Roland influence or peddling
credit-rating role ooh
Thomas you brought me a new dice where's
the other tents this one just look at
them like it's the first time you've
seen dice there's it's the
birds-of-paradise
and the one the the tens ones has a ten
on it
right which is a little bit strange um
no I do not make it alright you want to
inspire it do we or do we do i doctor
what's your credit rating I mean you're
a doctor i'ma do something mom doctor
it's a little different sixty
nonetheless my credits not bad just say
doctor who do you do you see anyone here
worth I'm getting to know you want me to
make the rule as well
yes please listen me yes please verify
the GM wasn't about to say no don't you
dare 194 oof we get drunk and this is
the best time your isn't a great time at
the party so the three on the roof have
a fairly boring night it seems like you
not you never seen Ida Chris go in or
come out didn't see the other guy either
they didn't see him come out
you see ministerís heath come out yeah k
he comes out and he gets in a car with a
couple of he gets in a car with a couple
of the with a couple of aids and you
know there's a about about 11 o'clock
people start streaming out you do not
see doyle tsin and emma they are
shutting that thing down they are like
yeah we're looking for an after party
really asking if there's still shrimp
you know she's like
no I want to go to the after-party like
where's ya bark on go to bark on so um
you can yeah there there will there will
be some some rich Egyptians who are
going to a club after this and they're
twenties yeah so yeah you guys we see
them leave very drunk yeah you see them
leave with a with a small group of other
people and they just walk down the
street they are all having a very good
time about five let's say it looks like
two couples and a man all of them kind
of laughing and you know there's a
there's a bottle being shared among them
don't matter roll maybe but yeah but
you're gonna have a fun you know it's
gonna be a fun night
you're gonna party okay I row you're
you're you you go to the after party
they they will the three of you on the
roof you'll lose them they turn a corner
in what he's about to say do we try and
head out after them or do we head back
can you art Stephano
cuz I know but Solana would say no so we
we could try to wait to see if she comes
out yeah we don't even know if she went
in so this could have just been a waste
and that's why they got drunk someone go
catch Pavano
and that's why they got in now I can go
after them maybe Joe could contact them
they can tell us if we should stay or
not yeah
yeah I look go around and see if I can
get in front of them and say oh hey sure
yeah you are you are very skilled at
this sort of thing so yeah you the party
come the the party train comes upon you
and you can you can accost them hey you
guys forgot me let's go I'm sorry who
did we mention that Emma's a mean drunk
[Laughter]
come on you know you know who I am
doctor sorry who what is Joe dressed
like well I was on a roof Justin I'm
wearing a vest and I have my hair come
on guys it's good party and I look to
the group and I'm like I've got this and
I go into my purse and like take a
couple quid out and then get up to Joe
and just be like oh you poor dear and I
just basically just be like am-scray we
got this oh thanks thanks I'll see you
guys at the party later okay all right
they're slightly confused but the party
has not stopped so they keep going and
um unless you guys want to do anything
else you will spend a fun night you know
in in various hookah bars and you know
enjoyed some rich person Kairo Emma's
goal here is to basically be known and
to know people at these parties to make
social connection so that like my
important thing here would be to meet
the bouncers to meet the important
people in the parties just so that if
I'm ever in another situation I can
either get into the bar or call for help
or make a connection between this person
and that person to get to this person
kind of thing like that's just social
climbing and nonsense I mean that was
yeah and most of my goal was with this
sort of thing is mostly to keep an eye
on Emma and make sure that she doesn't
get into India into trouble that she
can't get herself out of I know that I'm
not the life of the party I'm not the
looker here so I'm just gonna make sure
that she's that she's safe okay that's
no problem
I'm assuming that you gave me a little
bit of information it said you know I'll
you so yeah you you spend the evening
with these people and you've yeah you
feel like you've made some connections
in kind of rich party rich party group
of Cairo the the Nair do well kids of
rich families and that sort of thing
best connections that's right that's
right on the roof no we find out we're
not needed on the roof when Joe tells us
yeah because as far as we know still
like night accrues never showed up this
is just them like making the best of a
bad situation so we should go back to
the hotel yeah wait and talk about how
we could potentially get on to the
compound without being detected I think
we need to take a look at the compound
from a distance any of these English
fellas unless he's one of those
airplanes so we travel there nicely with
a compound that's asked at the US army
base oh you can ask Wasif let's let's
talk them tomorrow about that perhaps
doing a recon from from an airplane
well let's I think the the army base
would be the best way to less likely for
information to get out right what well
but but we do we don't do we have
anybody at the army base so we just have
this one guy right that one guys pretty
important well no but if we get him to
take us to them right we can't we can't
just walk to the army base and go yeah
remember you came in to the army base
yeah we left zero that's read about you
don't you got you got you okay yeah now
let's do that tomorrow morning all right
I'm there okay so you guys will get back
in the shank of the evening after a a
lovely night out bother you make me con
rolls oh boy
you know I'm just I'm are going to be
hungover and that's just a thing yeah
what's my con oh yeah I make it yeah my
god it's nice to play someone who's con
is over 25 you know you both wake up the
next morning none the worse for wear
this is not your first rodeo boylston
usually drinks alone but you know
drinking it's like drinking alone there
are just more people around about right
it's about right so you you all come
together and you let them know about
night Icarus and all that you got and
tell you they sat on a roof for four
hours very peaceful never left the
museum and she never arrived at the
museum which means she's well not
through the front she came in she came
and went through a side door or at least
she left through a side door surrounded
by six heavies hmm
she's Sagan is that where her quarters
arms she's living in the museum the
basement or something I was having that
same thought like is she like Dracula
where she just goes back into her
sarcophagus it just goes and that's it
good night I mean I mean maybe but it
seems more likely that she'd be out at
the compound because that's where she
invited me to come and get the tour of
the place it's possible she left through
the back we didn't see her leave but we
didn't see her leave yeah you only
watching the front that seems pretty
likely it's big building and you didn't
see a car roll around because she seemed
to be quite quite well-off and the
fact that she probably has workers and
cars and not only could we saw we saw
the minister guy take off mmm oh yes
that that would have been after she
commanded him to have something
delivered to the compound tonight at
midnight what is that I think the only
way that we can really find out is being
there they didn't specify what it was he
seemed to indicate that would be very
hard to get and that they would really
have to work hard to expedite it
well that fellow there is the one who's
responsible for recovering Egyptian
artifacts there must be some other
Egyptian artifact those want to presume
it seems pop it seems probable if she's
working to consolidate her power
I wonder I'm making something out of him
but can can I ring down or can I look in
a phone book or whatever they do in the
20s to find out where the interior
minister I see if as the interior
minister like where his office is in the
20s they used to being now we've come so
much farther not much
so yeah his offices are like in downtown
Cairo okay so if it's a if it's a phone
book type thing I pull out the pages and
just lay it on the table and just say we
might want to start by just good
old-fashioned stakeout or whatever the
term is with twenties well we were
talking about going to the the army base
to see if we can get an aerial view of B
compound I have a thought we only have
12 hours perhaps less before we jump
that perhaps some of us maybe Joe would
it's a lot harder to break into an
office during the day yeah well there's
that and then also there aren't a lot of
airplanes around here if we're if we
have someone fly directly over the
compound that's gonna raise some
suspicions nearby we get a look at it
it's barely going there in person I
suppose
the desert farmer but excellently then
continue where's this going lips there
I'm just stopping for a like does this
Emma have any idea what this Emma
wouldn't never mind
I mean her intelligence is much better
than the other Emma but stop bragging
and get the quarter she might have met
some like rich what's the word that I'm
looking for plantation gentlemen he was
talking about the fact that sometimes
they seed their crops using biplanes
and whatever else farmer Lee things that
happened from an airplane
dusty sure they drop awful chemicals all
over them yeah I thought you just farted
so yeah you could you know with you
figure from the military base you could
probably get access to a plane and a
pilot and kind of you know be as
surreptitious as one can in an airplane
floating around there Oh crappy our
cameras in the 20s pretty crappy all
right just as good just say I'm a
reporter I put one on your table I'm
like oh yeah it's like big plane
airborne photography isn't is a nascent
art you know what you wouldn't get a
good shot because because it wouldn't it
wouldn't develop on the plate fast
enough all right what paper it is you
know there's some stuff being done with
Planning Commission I'm sure that there
has to be granted that we are in Egypt
and it
not quite as controlled as it is in the
UK but there should be a Planning
Commission that says what you can build
when it was builds things you can find
you you want to try and find like a
blueprint or something of the like
building permits and stuff with the
judicious application of bribes and the
help of Wasif you could probably find
something pretty easy so who is going on
the plane trip and our is there are we
splitting the party please say you're
splitting the party it sounds like we
are in the party because I'm not I'm not
going up in the airplane going on the
plane it's going to alright you know
just writers the two rifles are yeah
we'll just hang on the plane and there
would be a couple penalty dice on that
roll yeah take your turn to take a turn
to aim you know and the other three are
going to try and get the layout and yeah
I could do layout and I would recommend
that if there's gonna be recon work in
front of that that Joe would do that
because she's a master of disguise yeah
Joe's gonna break in there middle of day
I heard that Joe is we have the party
breaking into three groups doctor where
are you
I actually I had to look at my sheet
because I don't know this character as
well but I do have library use and we
had talked about maybe doing research on
night across sure and actually like
getting some some information before we
idea but I have the library nice in this
group I think you I've got fifty five in
library a little bit better than mine
yeah yes I mean I could go look for
plans and then go help you at the
library or whatever there we go okay so
I'll go with you to check out the plans
and then we can go to the library and do
some research so I'll stay let's do the
library first so you can make library
useful
oh yeah hard success critical success I
got a four boom alright so yeah there
are a lot of references you know
everything that the first characters
knew about max he was the consort of the
black Pharaoh and there was all you know
all the stuff you also find tons of
references to the cult of the dark
Pharaoh and you find clear connections
although kind of subtly stated of the
cult of the black Pharaoh and Omar al
Shakti and and connections there and
sort of he ran an almost like a mob you
know where he was he was running this
cult like a business and it was like a
money-making venture for him along with
trying to end the world and you also
will get a an older so from this will be
from about 1905 but there is a plan of
the there is a plan of the of the
plantation okay that's it looks like
there's sort of there's a main building
that is like a house and then there's
like a barn --is-- kind of building and
then there's it looks like servants
quarters for about 15 people why I'm
having flashbacks to the estate where we
found what's-his-face Gavigan yeah this
is not quite as put together well
actually this is in better shape
probably in 1905 anyway sure with a
critical and a hard success is there
anything else you want to learn all the
questions are all meet those related um
you do find multiple references to the
name dr. alica for okay yeah an occult
professor at the Egyptian Museum
oh man Kippur should have been there
last night right I mentioned him in the
telegrams yeah repeatedly Robert did not
mention him though yeah I know I wonder
if we should go meet with this with this
fella
see if he anything about I mean we is
there is there any reference to not a
Kris being required anything specific in
order to kill her no no there's very
little reference to killing her okay
well how did she die in the first like
in the first iteration of NIDA Kris like
in her lifetime
so she was she was entombed with the
black Pharaohs she it appears she was
entombed alive willingly mm-hmm hmm
interesting so they were able to
restrain her though yes well who did it
like what gosh there was a pharaoh who
overthrew her overthrew the black
Pharaohs mm-hmm let's see here I keep
looking there's a timeline of key events
it does not go all the way back to
ancient Egypt that is a tremendous
oversight with this module you start
filling it out yourself yeah when I was
a kid I had this this is like three-ring
binder with a timeline in it and I mean
it was a thick ass binder Rachel who is
Rachel who is playing in my home game
just reminded me the guy's name was
sniff arrow the arrow guru who overthrew
them was that Thank You Rachel we
appreciate you it may shock you to learn
that someone who is a library
professional takes very good notes I'll
bet she has excellent handwriting to him
she's also playing her character and her
backup character are brother and sister
and they are both equally oblivious and
one of them carries a cricket bat
everywhere and the other one just
carries a baseball bat everywhere
were they where they separated birth
once an American and one isn't no they
they both I think upstate New Yorkers we
also have a character who is now retired
to a sanitarium who wanted to learn to
raise the dead and somewhere in the
woods of Massachusetts there's an undead
poodle that he created that just slowly
looks yeah hey that's a great idea if we
could bring back some snaps and air
through what the ferry
yeah if we could bring back snip pharaoh
then he could just into meta Chris all
over again or you could convince
Octavius to raise a sorcerer relegion I
don't know who he is all right zombie
sniffer oh it's in the notes write down
the most important things that is that's
planned B for B team that's plan a what
do you mean plan B no they haven't tried
the sniper rifle plan yet okay all right
should I raise scenaries arrow should I
raise an air my jokes over all you have
to do to resurrect him is say his name
takes me right that's all I have to do
though do we want to go and talk to dr.
Cofer and see if he knows spend the
morning trying to figure out how to
pronounce the Pharaoh Joe what are you
doing you're breaking into the interior
ministry is that no no no no I got some
fast talk and I've got a disguise all
right so I want to try to break in by
being a delivery person but once I get
inside I'm gonna try to fast talk this
person and tell them I'm really
interested in all the nefarious things
that are going on okay
we can't be seen with Joe anymore just
made it you want blue see there yeah I
just made my disguise roll all right you
are
you look like a an Egyptian to UPS
driver and you come walking into the
interior ministry with a box for the
interior minister yes all right make a
luck roll oh boy no we could use
inspiration on that it's like yeah
what's your job like we on the roll
my luck is 66 yeah so we don't know I
smell absolutely no inspiration has been
spent starting a fire yet yes they're
not so improbably the Behaim interior
minister Asif's
adjunct is his assistant will say yes
yes in there and there and and wave you
in and you enter into a beautiful oak
paneled office with a great big desk and
sitting at the desk is a an older
gentleman dark complexion with the white
beard and hair who is like writing and
kind of hasn't noticed you minister yes
you can just leave it right over there
oh no no I I am a fan of yours I'm
really interested in the mystical and I
understand that you know something about
that
do you yeah I heard some of my friends
they got to go to the museum they got to
go to a party and they said that they
interesting Egyptian artifacts and I'm
means Joan Joan miss Joan Joe Joe Joe
miss you Joe I see forgive me why are
you dressed like that now is that makeup
I knew they wouldn't let me see you
unless I I could come in here and now
I'm here to see you knew that the
interior ministry of Egypt would not
allow a or are you Irish now from from
the East End of London an English person
into my office right and I but I'm not
like them
no not at all I'm very interested clear
everything Egyptian I see well um
miss Joe please sit down what can I tell
you you know when I lived in England um
I encountered some Co tests that they
said they were from they said they they
didn't tell me exactly what kind of
cultists they were but I suspect they
came from from Egypt so I've been
entranced by that ever since and so I
wanted to know what you could tell me
about the different coats here no cults
in Egypt we and of course have crime as
any country does but what cults I
forgive me people who worship the
ancients you you do realize that mummies
don't actually come to life they don't
no no those are books written to be
fantastic those are no no those the
books my mother had one she had a book
she told me when I was young about
fantastical creatures and and things so
I know that they must be real I see and
I heard that you are an expert so well
then miss Jo how can I help you I tell
you what you know I do have you heard
have you heard of the book al Aziz that
sounds familiar it's a cult role you can
make an occult rule No
so close it was a close a low number but
not recive I mean you can always spend
luck
well oh I could spend luck
war a lot or I'm gonna have 66 or you
could lie and say yes you do know that
close though you could also push it
although it sounds like spending luck
might be a little better idea
yes but new look I only need to spend 3
ok very slope there I love it
well the good news is that if you need
it you have to more inspiration because
our very own urban masks one of you know
one of the many GM's here I'm so he's
running carbon right now on Mondays I
had a lot of fun playing it in it was a
really good time Warren is is properties
up thanks man we really appreciate it
make sure you check out carbon 21 85 on
Monday yeah Amy plays a character not
named Emma it's Natalie I'm still coming
to grips I was not affected I also think
Warren wants you to read the book so
[Laughter]
miss Jo ah Nassif you you know that al
Aziz is the or occult book yes
it's probably quite evil but no I I
will would you like I can I have a copy
of al-aziz we have one at the Egyptian
Museum that would be awesome well tell
me where you're staying and I will send
it to you no no no how come get it I'll
come and get it very well yes you may
come and get it where would you like
to you must go to the Egyptian Museum
all right after hours oh well thank you
yes tell them you are there for the
package from minister a thief the
package for mr. C sir
you're awesome thank you of course miss
Jo I assure you you will not be followed
when you leave here role psychology your
character is dead in so many different
ways none serial and the and the and the
regular so I airplane crew you have
an alarmingly easy time convincing the
US military to fly you up somewhere both
of you make gosh I stroll an
intelligence roll yeah hard success 30
so the hard success you both have the
common sense to suggest that they not
fly a US military plane mm-hmm
and so they find a biplane that is
unmarked we also don't want to fly
directly overhead we want to kind of
like pant or round it a little bit and
then go off just to don't want to circle
it we don't want to go above it you know
not certainly not go above it not just
boo past it so we're just doing a flyby
yeah
enough that we should go good enough for
you and the man later on will fly back
to Cairo a half hour later same with all
due respect sir that's not how planes
work we don't slow down to look at
things that's true
well a biplane to be slaughter than a
regular plane should be more see you're
still not gonna get a great I mean
unless we come in low you're you're only
gonna get you're not I mean aerial
surveillance is hard sir yeah usually if
we're doing aerial surveillance we do
multiple pad low passes we're just gonna
have to do one pass and do our best we
need to to one where one by two passes
without drawing suspicion yes sir so he
will take you up anything you wanted to
like so on the plane the communication
system is literally a horn that you yell
in that he holds to his ear so anything
you want to tell him before the flight
you should probably tell him now hmm
binoculars yeah yeah oh yeah you guys
can have binoculars no problem actually
can I have have binoculars sure okay
that would be something that I wouldn't
have on top cocktail also if we could
fly on the side that keeps the Sun
behind us so they happen to look up at
the sky with the Sun behind well that's
yeah we can't do it both ways well
that's the trick yeah one of the ways
that we if you want to fly back twice
one other times we're gonna be not in
the Sun yeah oh the best we can all
right aye sir I feel like I should tell
you that the United States military does
not suggest biplanes for stealth.stealth
observation what do they suggest the
expert here normally if we're gonna do
that's rescues a high-altitude hot-air
balloon we wouldn't be able to see much
from the high altitude well we've got
some good optical sights that can help
some all right let's do that bring some
sandwiches well sir to be clear
normally the hot-air balloon goes up and
we just stay there and watch it some you
can't really steer a hot air balloon
that much yeah but we could get a good
overhead view of the compound yes sir
but if you don't want to fly over the
compound I cannot guarantee that this
hot-air balloon will not fly over the
compound I'm inclined to listen to the
person who knows the stuff about the
aerial surveillance we're gonna be we
get control of the balloon yeah yeah we
yeah yeah pack some sandwiches Floyd's
alright sir we're burning daylight what
are we doing here that blood is there a
more discrete planning than a biplane
that you would suggest I mean sir we
don't really have a we don't really have
any quiet airplanes okay my planet is
alright
can we just do one pass let's just do
one pass Basti nice and then we turn
around come back to Cairo 20-30 minutes
later fly the way on the plane the good
news is sir the weather report seems
like it's gonna be clear no sandstorms
showing up anywhere all right so this is
this is the first time either of you has
been in a open-cockpit airplane don't
travel like this yeah it is it is it is
like the first thing that strikes you is
all of the the fact that eight this
thing feels like it's made out of balsa
wood and like as soon as it starts to to
jockey on the on the tarmac like
everything's creaking and groaning and
there's just all these like noises
it all seems just super rickety I
found the hot-air balloon to you and
then the throttle hits and the noise
even you're wearing like big ear of
earplugs and you are
you're both strapped in but the straps
there in there are noticeably no
parachutes and you have you have what
you basically your sh one of your
shoulders is strapped in the pilot has
to shoulder straps but you are in the
Gunners seat and the gunner has to be
able to have full range of motion
so the gunner only has one strap that
goes over one shoulder and there is a
gun in front of us there is no gun
I mean that's why this is the quieter
plane this is the the quieter
non-military plane it's written there
are not a lot of non-military planes
with machine guns on the
at least not enough and so yeah you you
take off and when you're about a couple
of miles away the pilot starts to like
motion over the right side of the
airplane and he has a little mirror so
he can see you and he tells you that if
you want to tell him anything you have
to point at your ear to let him know to
hold up the thing to his ear so that you
can yell in the horn but he also tells
you that he hears maybe 40 percent of
everything that's yelled in there all
right I do a thumbs up in the mirror all
right he thumbs up so you are flying
over
both of you make me luck rolls this is
not Silvano the mustache but he still
doesn't make it alright we want to
inspire to get to see if we can get you
both to success yeah yeah I think
there's a shot okay like I think I might
have rolled the exact same thing oh wow
where does that stand on the ami table
it's a neck so you you come flying by
and basically both of you may uh
so you one of you made the luck roll so
97 but you get Nick Oh an 80-something
again I'm just rolling 80s all right so
um you are unprepared for how quickly
the good news is it appears like nobody
sees you because you fly over this thing
super fast yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna
point to the ear yeah the pilot will and
then shout second pass we're doing is it
will need to do a second pass on the way
back
that looks at you and pulls up his thumb
and and he starts you make a very wide
sweeping miles-long turn and as you're
coming back the pilot the pilot does
this okay and both of you make listen
rolls listen isn't a role in Call of
Cthulhu said I got a hard success Oh Tom
you got a heart or normal extreme
extreme all right Wow hey you both hear
the pilot say and he like points ahead
and sure enough coming towards like as
you're flying towards the towards the
plantation there is a blowing billowing
sandstorm and it is rapidly approaching
you're rapidly approaching your plane
and on that note we're gonna take a
break we are gonna be right back as soon
as six people can use six bathrooms
thanks so much for sticking with us we
don't have a okay we're good okay boy do
we have a giveaway I don't know Thomas
would have told me I think he's better
by the way urban urban doesn't trust
your dice rolls he thinks I should be
checking what it is the secret is that
they run games were like the rolls
matter
I run games free you're gonna die anyway
so what role you know you want yeah I
would say the sand storm was coming
regardless of what they did
I'm all right so we will be back from in
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
hello internet friends and goodbye
creepy piano I love that song during the
break my second favorite twitch user Jay
Matthews 85 dropped five subscriptions
and if I I think my new third favorite
twitch user he gave one of those
subscriptions to Captain James T kink
and that is the best twitch name I've
ever seen
no not you can just it's not making
we're not sure you don't know what's
name is actually we do know because
unless your moustache has an address hmm
and what a giveaway before
dammit hey it needed that nord games
deck did i mean it has all those games
it has to run let's try to go to sleep
and it would just be talking like give
me a North man I need that sounds like
my wife's life actually it sounds like
yeah it is on your face no difference
between the two I both claims to be
deities it's yeah isn't it that's as
well what does yours say it's horribly
anti-semitic it's just having problems
this weekend well I'm not my name is
Brock goes wrong all right so know that
I think that I think we learned
something new about you I was at a seder
it was on a seder wait yeah so you are
our good friends Flint thorn castle and
Donald Concannon just we're on a plane
that swung back around and now seems to
be getting stuck in a sandstorm so both
of you make me the the pilot immediately
starts to fly up yeah well like he pulls
back hard and he starts to fly up both
of you make me con rules I don't need to
make this I'm strapped in did I make it
25 yeah so you both have a really
nauseous feeling as this plane just
starts to try and go as close to
straight up as something like this can
and you are deeply aware of the awful
noises that the flapping canvas on the
wings are making as this as these
engines strain to like pull it up let's
make a pilot roll that's pretty good
couldn't roll my 95 then and I you it
comes off should I use GM inspiration to
try new procedures to try and make a
roll worse Wow well you don't get on the
scoreboard I just pulled a nick here on
exactly the same a 56 both times
this guy's a pilot he knows his stuff
he pulls back on the stick you are going
up sand starts to lap against the the
whole body of the plane Dion you hear
the undercarriage of the train just like
of the planes like a crack as as
particles are hitting it and hitting it
but he seems to pull you above it and
once you are above it he like starts to
level out
he gives you a thumbs up back and and
that is when that is when his head
explodes he gives you a thumbs up and
then he just his head is not there and
his body slumps forward both of you make
luck roles if you both make it he won't
push the rudder down one for success
nope
but only a little ways away do we want
to spend inspiration yeah do I get
superstition enough to change dice ya
know ya know stay the course if you
rollin Emma I swear to god no that was
those two ghettos worse not not a that
was worse I have to put you on the back
you know do do the backup characters
have a different leaderboard I don't
know it's my person not like a person
yeah yeah alright so the pilot flops
forward oh god which weird in a weird
moment of clarity
you both notice that there's no blood Oh
his head got erased from his his neck
there's no like it didn't get sliced off
I have a very important question yeah
which one of us is closer Tom made the
luck roll so Tom you get to decide are
you closer or is Nick I've used up all
my bad rules you say that hmm I'm gonna
get evens and odds give me even a nod
what do you like
I'll take odds one that's your closer
all right I'm gonna have to undo my
buckle and then undo the pilots buckle
so again yours is not a buckle
yours is just a strap over one shoulder
so like you can easily get out of yours
okay but yeah there's Mike over the
airplane to where the pilot is that is
the terrifying part oh yeah yeah
I give Don what ZUP and my face make
me a make me a dex roll we're gonna be
burning through inspiration out that's
okay yep yes all right so you are now
you're crawling up the fuselage of the
plane it's luckily not that big so
basically you come most of the way out
of your little cockpit and you can reach
the pilots body the problem is to let to
get him out of there
you have to let go of the plane well you
are currently having a death grip on
there's a more immediate problem of us
descending into the sandstorm that is
also a problem I am going to prioritize
for leveling us getting a safe on the
level first and then I'm not gonna make
all these I thought you said your bad
roll you used up all your bad roll no
inspired yeah okay where ever done ten
sometime that Emma's gonna show up still
a bad roll but it's late you managed to
you managed to keep the plane you get
the plane at least leveled off but you
hear like the sound of it hitting the
it's hitting the bottom and you're
pretty sure that was the landing gear
we'll make a water landing whatever
that's not important they're gonna land
and but but you have managed so you are
now essentially skirting the top of this
sandstorm and there's just this constant
we're gonna die in a sandstorm stay
strapped to the back and watch poor
Flint so I'll slip out all right let
me up the fuselage on the other side
okay make a decks roll make that that's
the most so success so far okay so yeah
you you are now sort of you've both slid
over so that you are each kind of
standing is a strong word but you are
like you have your legs on the wing and
you are leaning forward on the to the
cockpit where the pot where the the
headless body of the pilot is and now
both of you make sanity rolls as you
realize that the pilots head is rolling
around in the bottom he the pilot is
like looking straight up at you and his
mouth is moving I think that's
understandable if you made it you lose
no sanity if you missed it you lose one
one sanity because apparently this is
not that big a deal there are larger
issues
I mean it's donal yeah what I what I
want to do is I want to undo one of his
straps mm-hmm
immediately wrap it around my wrist
sure yeah and Dawn Donnell you see him
do that and you can yeah you don't even
you guys don't you being drool let's
make a okay
more sand battering against things both
of you make me decks rolls oh seven I'm
fine oh yeah no problem you you a heart
in a critical success you don't even
feel it in fact with a heart in a
critical success you can even get the
pilots body out of there are you just
gonna dump him overboard
I mean his mouth is still moving right
and there's no blood yeah it's like the
eyes are moving it seems like his head
is he's not he's not dead he's just it's
just detached you cannot you can
neither you can communicate with each
other except no don't tell Donald Donald
just picks up the body and starts to
like pull it out is Flint gonna try and
stop him try to stun but I'm signaling
like no no no like I pointing at his
head yes great he has no head you
pointed his head Donald just goes no and
like flips the body up and he like
basically like suplex is the body
outside and the guy's body floats away
in the last you see of it as it lands in
a sandstorm okay guys we just got raided
by GM table harder we'll get to that in
a second welcome are currently two of
our heroes thorn castle and Donald
Concannon are trying to learn how to fly
a biplane while the biplane is in the
middle of a sandstorm and the pilots
head is at the bottom of the the cockpit
the pilots body has now been removed but
the pilots head is still trying to talk
and still alive yes yeah you know the
pilots head is still trying to yeah you
know Donald refuses to look down at the
head I'm not getting in there I mean I'm
pulling I'm trying to stick can we see
anything you see this it's fine storm
daughter we'll take the head out
reach and great alright make a dodge
roll
did you make the roll Donald
did not make his dog drool all right um
you just got bit by the head of an army
pilot as you tried to reach down to grab
him you got bit for one point of
damage and he is resisting you her
your he he has he seems to have a
problem with his head being thrown out
of the plane oh my god you know I'm just
gonna try and hop in and have my legs
around the head alright throwing him out
lint huh
making a dex roll 
Donald like pulls his hand back really
quick and that gives you the moment you
need to leap incredibly poor poor idea
you who like use that you use the strap
to like slide over the side of the plane
and in and you are now sitting in the
cockpit of this plane yeah yeah I know
how to do this I'm gonna work my way
back to my seat down okay make me a dex
roll oh hey Donal if you're are you
letting go of the pilots strap I'm gonna
what you're gonna have to what I have to
hold two up to it as long as I can while
I work my
all right then make me just a straight
decks roll 59 success okay you make it
back you actually make it back to
Flint's The Closer seat you'll take any
seat you can at this time and all it all
that remains is for Flint to figure out
where Cairo is and fly back and we'll
get back to you later I'm just looking
for a place where there isn't Stan storm
okay all right we'll get back to you in
a minute so Joe you mentioned during the
break that you are going to you are
going to keep an eye out for people that
are following you so make me a spot
hidden rule no all right everything's
fine and you head back to well where are
you going now I was gonna go back to
the hotel okay there you go you go back
to the hotel yeah even the B team leads
the bad guys to the hotel this is you
guys have a record now try trying I'm
trying
no I know so doctor and Emma you were
heading to see doctor I Lika four
correct
well the clever knows it's a terrible
idea that's where the research says and
the best thing to do is talk to the
librarian and read the book all right so
you you have a little trouble getting
into the museum and but you've you've
made some friends at the Museum after
your night of drinking and so yeah they
will take you to dr. Koh for dr. Koh for
is a gaunt man with big bags under his
eyes kind of a haunted look in his face
he seems to do a lot of like hearing
sounds that aren't there and looking
around he's in a small office next to
the office is like a caged room that
seems to have weird runes written all
over it
and and before looks up sees two white
do we hear that yeah yeah he could early
just like disdainful oh no ma you're the
face character alright good afternoon
dr. Koo for my name is Emma Stansfield I
work for the soul yes that's my name
Emma Stansfield I work for the scoop in
London we're a newspaper organization we
are world famous perhaps you've heard of
it I like how he has to roll sanity on
my name I've recently had a very bad
experience with the with someone named
Emma you don't know the name neither
Chris do you we actually had just done
some research on that and we were
actually pointed in your direction as
far as you know what you could tell us
about said Egyptian queen have you are
you working for them who's in them do
you know another Emma
they stole my book book the book that
tells me nothing friend oh that's the
best thing I've heard since you've been
here they the other Americans that came
here they they stole a copy of a very
important and very dangerous book they
they took advantage of my hospitality in
my professional my professional
politeness and they they stole it I had
to go get it back do you would
understand that if you had the book you
were a target for everything
so what does this book have to do with
NIDA Chris or is this just your your
general issue today is there tea or
something that I can pour him in the
room drink yes there's there's a there's
a large carafe of mint tea okay so I can
drink and just say is this related
tonight at christen anyway or is this
just an issue that we could perhaps help
you with they caused night Chris how did
they do that they put her in a sword I'm
sorry can you try that sentence one more
time look I know that what I'm about to
tell you sounds crazy but I promise you
it's true these Westerners somehow put
the soul of the evil ancient queen
Knight Icarus in a sword mm-hmm knowing
full well that it took blood to bring
her back oh they put her in a sword yes
I see what you're saying and then the
sword stab someone and that was the
blood to bring her back yes and sheath
Emma don't you see the Emma's I don't
even know what to do here you know
what you can call me you can call me
back
call me back that's my name Beth if does
that make you feel better
a much better name so how do we resolve
the issue so if this person whose name
we shall not name has brought meta Chris
how do you are you are you trying to
help yes we we are here to kill NIDA
Chris we've dealt with some very
interesting things in the past and
where we're trying to deal with this one
you are gonna try and kill Knight Icarus
the research that we did indicated that
it has been done before so there just
might be something let me he goes and he
he goes to the Caged route to the to the
cage he leaves his office he goes to the
cage and he pushes the palm of his hand
on two of the runes and you are certain
that they stay very briefly flash orange
and then he opens he opens the door and
barely barely made that one oh you but I
mean your characters don't know this but
you both know there's an elder sign on
the door along with those runes and so
he goes in and he pulls a book off of
the shelf and he starts leafing through
it he's like yes yes neither Chris was
killed she was not entombed alive
yes it says here that it took blood
birthd her the water of the Nile ended
her the Nile is the defender of Egypt it
is the heart of Egypt Egypt knows that
night Oh Chris is an evil force so we
need to drown her in the river or some
things a little on the nose but well I
mean I'm a very literal person yeah I
don't understand like what if we think
about mythology or religion you know
water is just used to purify you splash
it on somebody like what else would you
do with water make her drink it I'm not
too sure I mean it I mean is it like
holy water where if you take it away
from its source it's still part of the
Nile it's a work of metaphor all it says
is that the water of the Nile ended her
hmm I mean maybe drowning her maybe
submerging her in the Nile I okay but it
says the Nile is the guardian of Egypt
and is there a metaphor for because this
I'm a smarter
is there a metaphor for the Nile of
Egypt so I don't know much about Egypt
but like is the Nile associated with
like a crocodile is there an Associated
animal or something where when you say
the Nile of Egypt it's like the gauntlet
of Egypt and it's a big you know sword
or a big like you know I mean something
that like that you know as something
that we just could kill her like it's a
it's a metaphor friend up there device
or another weapon that's an interesting
question I'm trying to remember there is
a the crocodile god that's what I'm
trying to remember it's so pick but let
me yeah it's crocodile yeah so pardon my
googling there so Baek soo Baek was the
the ancient Egyptian crocodile God and
there are there are some rights to Sobek
that that have to do with purifying
parts of the river and sanctifying it
for sacrifices all right who could we
speak to that would know about this
ritual me would you be willing to help
both of you make psychology roles
actually do you psychotherapy toilsome I
like psychoanalysis yeah psychoanalysis
18 bird success all right psychoanalysis
and a lot of he's on his last threads of
sanity mm-hmm if I mean if this ritual
in some way makes him more unstable
you're not sure he's coming back would
you be willing to show us the is is
there is there a what I'm looking for is
there a description of the ritual
anywhere something that that we could
learn how to do because I mean yes yes
we're down at the back this urn it's a
clay urn and he takes the the top of it
is a crocodiles head and he takes it off
and he pulls out two Scrolls of course
well this just got much more complicated
I mean much like much like Japanese
hieroglyphics are a language of metaphor
where you don't actually there's a lot
of implied meaning and what you're
saying and I can translate but it's
gonna be an imperfect translation and it
wouldn't have the layers of meaning
necessarily yes that's right that's
right
but if you give me a few days I can get
that I can get this down yes what do you
think
I'm just wondering if we have a few days
doctor I think this is imperative from
the information that we were given NIDA
Chris is requesting a delivery that
needs to be delivered tonight by
midnight and it's imperative and we need
to interrupt this delivery well that
must be why I seat why a thief is
bothering me how do you know a sieve
love me for what yeah here your minister
he he wants my copy of al-aziz you can
both make a coat rolls I don't have this
this Eman does not have a cold and I
mean I have the base yeah oh holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
I wrote a one all right
ironically for 5% that's a critical
success yeah so the Necronomicon it is
the most powerful evil ancient book out
there oh that's okay yes that she can't
she can't ya know can't have that that's
bad sorry brain had a meltdown for a
second there um-hmm what is what is that
what is the Elysee if and why would she
want wanted I don't understand what's
happening
it's an incredibly powerful evil book
and she gets her hands on it I imagine
there's all sorts of I mean do I know
what the Necronomicon is then sort of
okay no you know what it is in the
occult sense not in the Cthulhu Mythos
sense okay it's a distinction that makes
sense to Tiana not to your character
yeah this is this is the sort of
thing that might give her a lot more
power and it's the sort of thing that we
don't want her to get her hands on if
there's even a fifth of a chance that it
will give her more power because it'll
make her that much harder to
kill so there's a plausible way to at
least foil her plans by not by setting
up watch here and not allowing and
doctor you know and I take his hands and
steady him and just say and doctor is is
it under protection what kind of what
kind of security do you have this book
under well it's it's kept my my my
sanctum here has a number of magical
protections mmm-hmm is there anything to
protect someone from walking in and
taking it in the mundane sense he
perhaps Rogers could help us we need to
have some way to keep her from getting
ahold of that book and apparently she
has to have it by midnight tonight so if
we can prevent her from getting it
tonight it might be worth us setting a
watch and also that means that she does
not have the means to get it because she
is requiring I forgot his name already
I'll shock not a shock to you I'm too
many names all of a sudden yeah i'll
the minister fella I see I'm sorry still
um even just back up again so she's
requiring your right Monday means in
order to acquire a book because if she
is supposedly knighted Chris and is
all-powerful she should be able to just
walk in here and take it but she cannot
because she's making a thief she's
forcing him she's strong-armed him into
stealing the book something she's bound
by some despite some means because I
mean it's very difficult for me to say
no to the interior ministry mmm a they
control all of our funding ooh and it
would be very difficult for the British
or American government to also stand in
the way without creating an
international incident incident with the
Capitol I is there you know the player
knows whether
is a bad thing to say but doesn't know
this is there a way to it to him to get
a fake to him to her I happen to have a
fake copy of a lousy first Joe why would
you not if it's a fake that's convincing
enough that that might be for a day
that's all as apparently all that if it
fooled you for a day then it might fool
her for long enough for midnight to come
and go without her getting what she
needs so I should give the fake as
al-aziz to Minister a thief would it
would he know the difference Minister a
thief would not know the difference
between any two books you gave him the
next books he reads will be the first
fair enough he's a bureaucrat I would
say Emma still will confused because he
seemed to be quite knowledgeable to her
notes that moves on interesting okay
okay so I'm gonna say it wrong but I
want to congratulate flipple Arya who
won the Nord games deck congratulations
part is while winning flip ilaria kept
going how do I enter am I in it was like
it was like watching my mom like just
it's like every zoom call can you hear
me now yeah like we've been on Verizon
commercial can you hear me now but
congratulations
and I believe Flip Ilario is one of the
Raiders so thanks for rating us welcome
we like to give back to our community
and to our new community and I didn't I
forgot who it was but I think I think it
was a pan of throat who gave the new
Raiders five subscriptions as well yep
yeah which is gonna trigger a giveaway
on carbon 21 85 on Monday so yeah guys
are interested in cyber
come back at seven o'clock Pacific time
yeah carbon that's a great world Warren
is a lot of fun as a GM the systems
regretable he only said that because
it's basically 5e yeah no Emma can't
there's no Emma that's right that's
right I'm sorry I forgot I channeled
Emma my last character was channeling
Emma for a minute when she took a
forklift and impaled a bunch of people I
almost need my character am i macking
amazing you should have alright so you
two are convinced have convinced dr.
Kapoor to give a thief the fake copy
you're gonna stay there back to the
airplane oh boy but also really quickly
we would like to leave word at the hotel
like send a runner or somebody to just
leave the word at hotel that we should
be all staying here tonight yeah we need
to keep watch on this thing because I
don't I don't put it past her to come
and try and get it when she figures it
out or we or we at least essentially go
back get our guns and come back because
I wasn't traveling with my 45 my 38 I
was wow this is a very different Emma
this one's smarter this one's called
Beth now apparently is that like her
middle name Emma Elizabeth it made
before feel much better
alright so yeah you too will send a
runner to the hotel so Jonah at the
hotel you get to the hotel you're
sitting there and a bellboy comes to
your room and passes you a note from
Emma and Doyle s'en that says get the
stuff and come to the British Museum and
come to the Egyptian Museum oh that's
what I would needed to go anyway yeah
and you you would know that get the
stuff means bring lots of guns get all
the stuff carpetbag is our code get to
stuff Gordon sir code for second hotel
you know the B team has never had a
backup hotel it's just not their style
oh my god Donal we'll have to teach them
after this
why would you ever do that that's
expensive all right back to the airplane
where when we left Donal had made his
way back to one of the observation
cockpits and Flint was learning how to
fly an airplane on the fly in storm so
you are sandstorm and all you see around
you is desert yeah
so so do I think I have a sense as to
which way Cairo is near the Nile the
Nile connects to the ocean far away from
the coast is you see neither the ocean
or the Nile no but I'm trying to
remember which direction I think that it
would be in make me a navigation role
all right then what I'm gonna do I
mistook this skill once and was very
excited when I can and what I'm also
going to do yeah I make it so never mind
I'm not gonna ask I was gonna ask I was
gonna do the ear thing to Donald but
there's no need
okay so did you get a heart success uh
no just a regular success right so you
have a general idea about where the or
the direction towards the ocean yeah and
so from there you can kind of make your
way around so no to the fun part
here's your plan to land near Cairo I'm
just no I don't think I can land on
ground without us dying I don't know if
I can land on water without us dying but
I think the odds are better okay I don't
know if I can land this no no you know
you would I mean you own land survivable
landing you have you think that so this
this did not have retractable landing
gear and I'm sure that you heard the
landing gear getting ripped off
unfortunately to check that for sure is
something you don't even want to think
about so you're not sure what's going
down
I don't I I'm gonna regret saying this
you're not sure what's going down down
below there yeah no I'm I'm gonna try
and find water okay so you make it to
make let's call it a luck roll to see
if you even know what the fuel gauge is
well which one has been decreasing the
out of all of them sadly all right yeah
um you are you are definitely running
semi low on fuel but you have you see
the ocean yeah I'm gonna try and splash
it down
yeah I'm gonna try and set down uh
reasonably close to the to the coast so
that we're not just out in the middle of
nowhere
Oh oh my god I don't know what I'm doing
I mean it sucks because I could land a
plane but I don't think Flint can land
the plane really oh yeah I could land
the plane you see the Air Force Oh fair
enough
oh no I took flying lessons when I was a
kid that's a much cooler reason yeah so
yeah you you start to do things that
you think will land this plane most of
which sadly involved point it down lower
I mean yeah that's the thing it cuz like
I know how to slow the descent of a
plane but I can't think if frightening
no they're like the point of this Nick
is you know how lammle I don't and all I
would think of is slowly pointing it
down which is a terrible idea
but know what you actually do is you
start lowering the fuel ratio and then
you tilt up and you start to descend but
like I can't telepathy that to flip
Flint would be like I'm going to go down
and try and strain out along the water
and then he's like pull then like shout
at Donna like hold the frick on I might
be smart enough to tilt up
lightly before hitting the water just
because I wouldn't want to flip the
plane and I would make but that I give
you that one alright so we're gonna get
this thing is gonna go spinning we're
gonna get flung this is gonna be
horrible this is gonna be horrible
Donnell you don't hear him saying that
as he's repeating it over and over
oh no I'm doing the ears thing and it is
just like hold on I'm just screaming
hold on hold on so he screamed so loud
that you can actually hear everything he
says and like the clear mania in his
voice is just like he's freaking out and
I looked down to the head on the floor
and I'm just like I'm sorry the head on
the floor gives you just a wide-eyed
like yeah why didn't you ask the head on
the floor how to do it cuz it can't talk
very good there's no vocal cords you
haven't spoken to it you could have
stuck the earphone up to it I I don't
think it's too late now we've passed the
point of no return
this thing's hittin the water swimming
no no make an intelligence or education
role to know not the worst thing to do
to kind of ease this I'll give you if
you give me if you get a hard luck
success hard luck
ma'am is will fumble it right just just
rolling again nope yeah the inspiration
was already up holy crap I mean just for
the record was that an Amy or an Emma
what's the difference I didn't
critically fail but it was the worse
yeah Nick you're you're moving up in the
old an Amy is when you
inspiration and you roll worse than you
did the first time an EMA is when you is
when you roll again and you get a
critical fail anybody can Amy it takes a
special case - Emma case where a piece
or an NPC arrests or else and when they
hear my name apparently yeah you start
to point the plane at the ground and all
my metal hold book the head between my
legs so it doesn't fly out I don't you
get a point of sanity back for like how
much you care about that guy
it's horrible what happened to him so
you get it you get a point of sanity
back for like having the humanity to try
and keep that head from becoming fish
food and now we think about roles so
I'm gonna have well first role for the
plane to see if it holds together and
then find out what happens - I'm so in
the in the new version of paranoia the
role-playing game the GM never rolls
dice the players roll all the dice and I
really kind of like that so I'm trying
to figure out how to make this your role
Donna my role for this I've done enough
rolling all right so let's see I'm gonna
make a strength check for the plane
that's a pretty good role that's a
pretty good roll
I'm gonna use inspiration to make this a
worse role if it gets better that's what
it's like a reverse Amy yeah 22 that
time thank you
fine listeners for the opportunity to
crash this plane tomorrow tarah sorry no
fires the plane will catch on fire
so the first hit you come down and you
go bang into the water both of you make
strength rolls failed best but do you
want alright you
[Music]
gosh I sell that but well but here's the
thing
neither of you neither of you said that
you would swell so neither of you said
you'd strapped back in Nick you have one
strap so you have advantage on that roll
so you get to roll in extra ten I'm
gonna roll the different detent for this
model was just happening to like be in a
seat all right I mean yeah I think I'll
take inspiration on that we roll both of
them yes sir we've got it roll Nick you
still have advantage they take us down
to seven yep 59 at a 63 instead of a 64
Hey not a naming all right so you both
missed the strength roll and all right
so almost goes limp right on the first
hit you both take three points of damage
from just bang hmm
and the plane hits and bounces back into
the air because if the speed you're
going the water might as well be
concrete yeah but it slowed us down some
yes he definitely slowed you down and
then you there's a second hit bang both
of you let's roll again make a second
strength roll wait I'm using another one
of my inspiration because I rolled a
knock three and I want this play man oh
my god
Oh critical success yeah go for so I'm a
good shape for this one oh yeah I rolled
the worst Amy in the world I went from
an O three to a sixteen I shall I shall
do you think I think the worst have bits
over and then you immediately regret
bringing something to your mouth is bang
oh my god your teeth it's just you can
just one less you don't need all of them
did you both make they're like kidneys
you've got a bunch extras did you both
make the strength roll yes oh yeah we
both are critical successes on that all
right so critical successes you brace
yourselves
um and
the you don't take any damage this time
is really the going limp thing did not
work on the first part so I change
strategies migrate most you've got
critical successes you will both have
advantage on this you'll have a bonus
die on this next roll Oh finally there
goes the plane how good are you at
swimming oh nice now stream parole with
a bonus die there we go ah hard success
nice no all right this is a harder hit
you take four points of damage and
there is now like an ugly gash on your
forehead where you like hit your
forehead there and you hit your forehead
and then all of a sudden whatever you
hit your forehead on is gone the plane
just just like snapping apart um
you are not strapped into the plane so
I'm gonna make you an offer you can just
let go of the plane and drop into the
ocean or you can hold on and go with
whatever part of this plane is flying
off can you swim is the question got the
base swim there's nothing more than that
you should hold on to something that
floats alright you are holding onto if I
make me a strength roll the state
perhaps you are no you you're holding
onto the strap and realizing that it
would be great if it was on your
shoulder yeah so 46 is this a success
wait wait I got 45 stuck Oh No and
either the backup characters okay I was
not a backup character he was the
original no the third hit the plane
snaps in half
pretty much right at your cockpit your
part hits and goes spiraling backwards
this part hits and goes flipping off
that way and starts to spin I'm gonna
make you the same offer Nick in or out
I've still got the head with me
yes by the way the head is screaming can
I hear
screaming yes oh yeah then I have to
stay with the head I can't leave him to
die okay what am i what am i rolling so
you're staying in all right
you are strapped in so gosh what is
this make me a dodge roll oh dear well
this is gonna hurt yeah it is Nick's
doing math watches wait I now have one
less luck all right so you made your
luck roll so you make your luck roll and
go that wasn't a luck well that was a
Dodge you make your dodge roll so the
the front of the thing flips forward and
as this the propeller hits the propeller
swings back over you and takes the top
wing off as I was looking down at the
only way you see this is you see it
reflected in the eyes of the head as the
eyes of the head are just like like in
terror so it takes the top wing of the
biplane off and the plane make a luck
roll that's not now now that I'm one
point lower
I see but if you land which way up you
man I make it it's pretty good that
might be a hard luck roll if that's nice
so you yeah
the plane stops moving and you are your
is there something worse where's where's
the head where's Donald where's so the
head
so hey looks at you a little
apologetically as it has bit into your
thigh and is holding on by just like
biting your trousers he's up there
buddy you can use up I have so many
jokes and none of them are appropriate
and make a spot he didn't roll to see if
you can see Donal all right you do not
see the other part of the train so
Donnell you went flying off spinning off
you held on and as you get there as
you stop spinning you're incredibly
dizzy and you really feel like this
thing is sinking we're also well aware
of how good a swimmer you are basic
basic where am i what do I see you see a
lot of ocean and you see a lot of smoke
and over there it looks like you see
the propeller of the plane go swinging
by where's the shore it's hard to
tell right now you're farther out then
you want it to be at least as it's
spinning or at least try to get my
bearings before I jump anywhere so I
know with at least I know the shortest
and once I see where land might be all
right make me a spot hidden roll all
right that is 64-54 spotted so that's
not a success all right so you you
are you are so disoriented that you
have no idea where the shore is
Joe at the hotel you've collected
everything and it's about it's about
3:00 in the afternoon and nobody's back
from the plane expedition yet hmm
well did where did they tell me I was
supposed to meet them at the Museum at
the museum did they give me a time no
they just said bring the stuff to the
museum all right well I'm gonna swing
by the it's nice swing by the army place
first and I mean sure and then just see
if they're back yet let them know where
we're going oh and I can leave them a
message to to tell them to come to them
okay so while we're doing that
unfortunately Frodo the fourth gave
Ezzor another five hundred bits thirty
minutes to kill somebody no you have
24 minutes to kill somebody that's true
I'd and me and always ending on time but
I'm still I'm still trying to not be
like Here I am but I I know with a big
bag it's not gonna be too stealthy but
yeah the carpet bag full of guns makes
I'm gonna make you an offer
you can either make a stealth roll to
try and lose whoever might be following
you or you can make a spot roll to try
and see who is following you mm one of
them is harder than the other and I'm
not gonna tell you which one you'll find
now I'm gonna trade you stuff I'm
gonna try see if I can lose my tail all
right make me a stealth roll that is the
easier one yay you only need a regular
success No all right everything's fine
I'll inspire it yeah all right Gration
oh yes yes all right so you you are
doubling back going all over the place
anyway if you feel like you have lost
whatever tails you might have had you
might have had not that you were being
followed but you're super extra stealthy
and careful and you make it to the army
base and a soldier you know the guard
will let you in right away and they'll
tell you that yeah your two friends took
out a reconnaissance plane this morning
they haven't come back yet they were
they were due back before lunch they
must be doing something even my note it
says that we're gonna be at the Museum
I'll make sure they get it thank you
and then I arrested develop mater he did
not get the message all right so and
then you're just gonna head to the
museum I'm gonna be stealthy again but
yeah all right so when you when this
is all over and you get back your hotel
rooms will have been ransacked but you
you know you don't really have much of
anything that they would be you know
lots of stuff maybe get a couple guns
who knows so so you three at the at
the Museum are you are before is
feverishly translating the hieroglyphics
of the the ritual Joe comes in with a
carpet bag full of guns so you have all
your weapons now does the doctor freak
out at the carpetbag or like is that
something we have to kind of be discreet
about it or he he doesn't notice he's
too intent on the translation and you
know you're all too accustomed to hiding
weapons and things mm-hmm and the
minister guy told me this is where I get
the book right in my case after hours
you're working from a CFO sorry what I
went and I saw him and because he he
knows a lot about about the interesting
so you're here for the blood of you well
he told me he told me that if I wanted
to learn more I get the book of course
of course here I have it right here here
is the book and he hands you this this
incredibly beat-up old possibly wrapped
in human skin Oh gross cool and you can
you now have a copy of al-aziz is it the
actual book I mean no so while these
guys are doing whatever I'm gonna go sit
back and look and see if there's
anything I can see in this book look
like my does it look like my mom's book
or anything do you speak Arabic I please
sorry does it does it look anything like
my mom's book at all I mean sure it's
it's an old book written in Arabic it's
at pictures hmm you know what as you
flip through it does not oh must not be
for for children they didn't have time
in the fake to make make pictures I dr.
Kapoor by the arm and say that's not the
original correct that's the copy no I
wasn't supposed to give a thief the I
was supposed to give a seafood copy yes
okay fine
okay that it's the copy all right so
that if we send this back to us see it's
it's the right one and we're talking
about this quietly I imagine while Joe
is looking at before doesn't do anything
so yeah you you are like a job Joe is
off in a corner just flipping through
this book and like you know you you know
maybe there are people here who speak
Arabic that could help you out no I
don't want to wander around with the
book though but I might have to so uh
but he's gonna let me take it right
so I can take it away it's supposed to
take that to minister a thief oh now he
just told me I could have it I'm very
confused
no he took well when I went to talk to
him I asked him about yours sorry she
says to not to not to Emma she says the
yes and I'm trying to get his attention
I think no no no so the minister said
when I asked him if he knew about the
ancient rituals he said go like I said
go after hours to the museum and they
have a book the Alice Seif and two to
look at it and that's what would help me
should I not have given her the fake
book she what Huntford you used don't
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what no we know I look when I was
young my mother had a book that had all
these rituals and they had this it had
some otherworldly creatures and and
places and and she was trying to teach
me about it but then these people in
black robes came and they killed my
family and ever since I've been looking
for the book and this is not it but
maybe can help me find my book and that
wasn't a tip-off that maybe the book
wasn't something that people should be
digging around in well they shouldn't
have it maybe your mother shouldn't have
either maybe no one should have these
things I'm just gonna sit here and read
this one and if you you know with you
give him do you speak Arabic no because
it doesn't once you read it it doesn't
make
since they just copied words all right
so can I get somebody to help me read it
it's not a it's it's a fake it's not a
real book I mean it's a real book but
why did you give it to me then because I
was supposed to give the fake to the
person who was going to minister a thief
yes because because minister is Seif is
going to give it to the person that
we're here to deal with Joe yep Shh I
see it's gonna give it tonight at Chris
and knighted Chris will use the real one
for nefarious purposes so therefore give
me the fake he's gonna look tonight Oh
Chris I'm assuming that's what he was
planning on doing because she had told
him at the party that if he didn't
deliver the goods that he would be in a
world of hurt old switch a room where
we're trying that we're trying to get
we're trying to get knighted Chris off
of the scent of this for long enough for
us to try to keep this thing safe and
try to be perform getting whatever power
she'd get by having this thing at
midnight all right yeah so I'll make a
deal with you if I go and take this over
there to the minister thank you let me
see the real one yeah why would I do
that it's a terrible horrible thing and
you don't speak Arabic because I was
hoping it could help me figure out what
happened to my parents they died I can
help you with that they were killed by a
cult it happens
see I joined the cult sorry like today
we're gonna shoot him down I'm gonna
come over with him and like shelter for
you Oh Joe look at me
yes I'm gonna like pull her aside a
little bit Mick this man is hanging on
to sanity by the thinnest of threads we
know that colts are real we know that
cultists are real because we've dealt
with them and we and we know that they
are here in Egypt can you please not
push this man over the edge of insanity
please
meanwhile there's a pen in his hand
going just finish just finish it's okay
just finish the scroll he goes back to
the hieroglyphics like oh this is this
is very restful the translation is very
restful take a chalice bash it over that
all right so Donnellan Flint you are in
sinking parts of an airplane did I do
stuff yes yeah I'd like to recommend it
yeah I'd like to try to grab the head
hopefully it takes his teeth out of my
thigh yes if I can stand up at all to
like see where the shore is and I'm
still screaming for Donald yeah
can I think so first make me a spot
hidden Donald make me a listen role
you're gonna need a hard success try and
stay awake Tom no I don't make it this
is so weird
all right neither of you neither of you
can figure out where Shore is like
things are so crazy do you want to
inspire that fire it's gonna take two to
inspire something happen right yeah
we're like 12 minutes to the end of the
show we might as well but hidden should
you be yeah I'll take ya I'll take I'm
rolling way worse was it was it an Emma
worse or no words no no no just just
like I don't know but neither of you
have any idea where the shore is I can't
Donald did not hear your yelling and you
know you I'm moving up the head above me
can you see the shore are you asking the
head yes also still shrinking and I'm
turning and turning it to like slowly
get like a panoramic like I figure a
screaming you need to find the shore
we're gonna drown it's just this
constant like
okay I take the head like look listen
listen listen Shh listen listen we can
make it out of this we need to find the
shore you don't have much time before
this before the plane sinks you got to
work with me buddy I'm gonna give the
head of sanity roll yes yeah yeah I just
rolled a hundred like in your face the
head goes Donnell can you hear this make
it up make a listen roll you don't need
a hard success for this listen you know
what yes listen there we go 63 you hear
someone screaming oh you can sort of
figure out where where it is but you
have no idea where the shore is and the
the water is now like up to your knees
as this plane is slowly like going under
so my question and you should probably
have a similar question to do a similar
thing is there any bits of the plane
that are around you that are floating
make a luck roll not in success on that
you gotta be freaking kidding me I
rolled I have rolled exactly what I
would have had before I had spent the
point of luck to know you can't spend
luck on a luck roll no so you can push
it I don't love for you to push your
luck those things kind of floating I'll
give it a try all right so just to
like remind people of the mechanics here
pushing your luck he's gonna re-roll he
has the same thing but it's basically
double or nothing if he's successful
everything's fine
if he's not everything's really fine oh
it goes right under the water as soon as
I grab on to it
all right so you you very
carefully place the head on a floating
plank man I just grabbed it
wait are you said I'd hold the head okay
I'm trying to hold the head up why I'm
doing this because I don't want it to
drown all right so you hold that's the
problem
you hold the head up and you like kind
of try and put this beam or something
under your shoulder and it just goes
down immediately and you are in the
you're underwater make me a con role
to have taken a breath before you went
under or yeah
all right so yeah you you you managed to
get a breath in and close your mouth
before you're going down
you got a hard success so somehow the
head is like your your hand from about
here and the head are above water as you
are doing that Donal you find a part of
the wing that is floating that you can
you know you can hold on to that works
as a flotation device and I guess you're
hoping that the tide is going in it's
like I figure out where to kick a hold
on to it for dear life until I see
look for this smoke of my wreckage you
inspire that one - we've got three left
me oh okay with that roll you are
surprised as anyone to see a head
bobbing above the water the problem is
it's just a head you recognize that head
yeah you know that head all too well
there is a head Bob that's like just
staying above water
all right I want to hold onto my wing
piece and kick tricare yeah you start to
you start to move towards it Nick make
me a swim roll wim is a dump stack
it's a semi I put I put points into it
all right it's not a oh how good did I
do
uh it's a hard success whoa
all right so Donnell as you start to
paddle your way you see another head
come up and now there are two heads
bobbing in the water oh I'll keep this
floating piece of fuselage over to where
flip is trying to get him on board with
me
it may just sending some mixed messages
here now he's supporting you because
mustache doesn't mean the rest of the
character yes the mustache oh man now I
want the mustache to peel off and go on
to the disembodied head and like have a
go hang out with the headdress obviously
makes contacts character is headless
Nick character he's a pilot hopefully a
Zeppelin pilot all right so we cut back
to the to the museum and it is now 9:30
it's 8 o'clock at night mm-hmm
oh wait Joan you were gonna take the
book to a thief right all right so you
you leave the museum about 5 o'clock and
you were heading to the interior
ministry yeah and I don't kiss anybody's
following me all right very quickly a
car a black sedan pulls up and a door
opens and you see Minister a thief and
he says get in what's going on I'm yeah
I said get in
don't make me make the four men that
have been following you since you went
to your hotel force you in get in the
car all right get in the car all right
do you have the book the door closes and
you're driving off yes
yes have al-aziz hold please wait hold
onto it I should be there in about an
hour
and the car drives off now the party's
split in three parts
yep you two in the museum there it's
about eight o'clock at night mm-hmm
and dr. Kapoor is still scribbling away
and this is a really creepy place to be
at night it's it's basically silent
there is nobody around nothing going on
both of you make loosen rules I
probably don't make it that's an 89 yeah
Doyle s'en you're pretty sure you heard
like a door open and then you definitely
hear footsteps coming towards you all
right I'm gonna check and check my gun -
and to make sure it's loaded and I have
it in my hand
so do I see Boylston kind of guy you see
Boylston like pull out the revolt open
the chamber on the revolver do a quick
spin close it okay so I dig my I dig
both my guns out of the bag as well
right here your 45 not a not an easily
concealable weapon and we are going to
end this episode with initiative as for
goons there we go
coming up upon you so at the end of this
episode we have dr. Doyle s'en and Emma
in the museum being assaulted by
interior ministry thugs
we have flint thorn castle and Donald
hand cannon lost at sea and we have Joe
Durst and kidnapped by the interior
ministry going who knows where I think
thank you so much to all of you who like
poured the inspiration and
as you can see they needed it they spent
yeah almost all of it we have three
left's you have two right I'm you I have
you at three but those go into the boy
which was triggered so on a Monday we're
gonna give away two gale force nine
decks because of all the inspiration
that was put in there so yeah we have a
week that is gonna be great we've got
much Monday we've got carbon 21 85
really fun game Tuesday the Kaos agents
are back and worse than ever and then
Saturday we're back here to play Call of
Cthulhu also we're working on it we're
trying to we're figuring out a way to
get back to our Arkham Horror game from
our basements you know maybe it's you
know maybe it's tabletop simulator maybe
it's something else we're gonna figure
it out but maybe it's running the table
at the studio we're gonna try some stuff
we're gonna see what works we're gonna
get our Arkham Horror the living card
game game going again yeah and we have a
mitten coming up this at the end of the
month yeah and that one James Aaron Oh
our own our own James send herself is
going to be the G GM which is super
exciting I I love seeing new GM's I
think that's gonna be a lot of fun not
enough to play in it but you know it's
gonna be super cool and don't forget
that if you guys like Call of Cthulhu
Ezra is running a thing tomorrow for a
one-shot onslaught to teach a bunch of
newbie Call of Cthulhu players how to
play and he'll be actually be doing the
teaching as part of as part of the game
yeah hosting that we'll be hosting that
here so if anybody's interested in
hanging out and chatting on our Channel
we'll be supporting them by hosting it
with ours I'll watch it here then I
can't imagine they'll do worse than this
one this was outstanding this are quotes
from this game let's see we have we
fought plague demons on a cruise ship
this is gonna go smooth I'm kind of
important on the party circuit which I
really like we're all a little too white
for this which I just don't think will
work but I'm bad at flirting which I'm
leave don't you that creepily romantic
but also a threat I've used up all my
bad rolls and I think the winner
cuz this Emma's smarter wait but I've
got one here that he's not dead he's
just detached that was Nick we can't use
that as a title we monetize this is true
YouTube will hate it as well so the
creepy romantic but could be a threat
one is the that's that's got my vote it
might be a trigger warning though cuz
you know sometimes with some people it
is the same thing I'm leaning towards
because this mo smarter because cuz I
mean we're coming back with these guys
next week yeah yeah so next week will be
the B team once again alright in in true
quests and quick chaos fashion this one
shot is gonna be a three shot like I was
saying to Amy today it's nine Episode
three shot for a result there's gonna be
a one shot a three Episode one shot
because when you do with multiples of
three is that three with so thank you
for your likes your subscribes
connecting with our channel getting on
our discord getting our newsletter
YouTube we you know we love you we love
connecting with the YouTube community we
are we we recently got to a nice
milestone in terms of YouTube
subscribers but we have an audacious
goal for this year in terms of YouTube
getting our YouTube subscriptions please
help us with that go to youtube
subscribe to quests and chaos you can
find all our stuff there the untitled
quests and chaos podcast are there some
of the older one shops we've done of
there all of our board games stuff is
there you can see us play gloom Haven
really poorly and see us play Arkham
Horror really poorly you can see them
play pandemic pretty well our our
playthrough of the trip
at house on the hill legacy which is
still one of my favorite things we've
done that was a lot of fun so we have a
lot of content on YouTube so go and
subscribe okay I think with that folks I
will see you guys on Saturday let's do
this a given a week yeah all right
[Music]
