Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends and it is
Saturday night and we are playing Call
of Cthulhu on quests and chaos thank you
so much for joining us I am super
excited to once again have everybody
here from their undisclosed locations me
we have survived another week so
congratulations everybody survived as a
steno that's that's the baseline just
survived I excited to see what happens
tonight I think all sorts of crazy
things could happen and you know I just
hope that everybody's doing all right
how is everybody doing nice it's you
know it's this is our fifth undisclosed
location episode and we're we're slowly
I think if everyone is getting better
and just by the time we get good at it
we'll have to go back to being in person
that's the get to go back that's right
and then learn how to be around the
table again I don't know how we're gonna
do that mr. Carson man not going to
Fremont has been the best part of this
quarantine that's like no shots to
Fremont but just you know it's like two
hours
bring your masks how will be playing
will we all be wearing masks and we all
made up yeah we'll actually be doing for
the Trellick wisdom so we could actually
have people sit in who aren't us and
then we just sit in the back and just
like hash it out this is like some weird
improv game puppets in front of this
strain like you know actually got at
the table I am six foot away from all
you guys yeah now you guys are dead but
I'm fine so it's actually normal I think
I actually made that comment during
during saltmarsh I was like yeah no I'm
well away from you guys y'all come over
there just a few announcements before
we get started as always thanks to
Gordon Biersch
our sponsor because beer means your
mouth it's sanitary have it
Nick's already moved on to the hard
stuff so we can't really home I was kind
of sad I was gonna bring some bourbon or
something no because if you think mi
chaos is fun drunk in my chaos crazy uh
we also of course nord games they have
been giving us they've been giving us
all sorts of prize sponsorship with with
copies of decks and things like that are
we going out we really a love working
with them and we love using their stuff
I finally got to get some experience
with it in the carbon 21 85 game it
really I think adds a lot to the game
and even it even works pretty well just
sort of reading it out although you do
have to keep track of what you've got it
becomes a little like resource
management thing of like don't forget
you've got a plus one on something here
do those cards for you for you guys who
run those games do those cards run out
at the end of a session or yeah mate
until you yeah yeah they don't carry
over to the next session so you got to
use them like right then when you get a
natural 20 in the last like 10 minutes
of the session it's like this would have
been nice a half hour ago we we have a
tonight we're gonna be giving away
either a gale force nine deck of your
choice or they're the actual prize that
you should really take a Call of Cthulhu
starter set we'll be giving that away
sometime when Thomas says you know I
just wait until I just wait until the
producer says something and then I go
yeah that's dance monkey dance I also
want to give a shout out once you're
done with our fine program head on over
to the folks at one-shot onslaught
because tonight they are doing a 24 hour
constant stream for charity for the
Children's Hospital of Cincinnati which
is a charity that is near and dear to
the heart of several of the folks who
are part of that and about the time
we're done they'll have been going for
about eight
so they should just start getting loopy
and that so that might be entertaining
but they will be going
they started I think it for today and
they're going until 4:00 tomorrow so I
think it's I think it's 6:00 p.m.
Eastern to 6:00 p.m. Eastern so I
believe 3 to 3
there you go 3 to 3 luckily they come a
couple people in the UK and things so
they have some cover in the time zone
area but they are for much of that time
they're playing D&amp;D which 24 hours of
D&amp;D is my version of hell and and there
and there are two events that I that I
think are very cool that don't they'll
be doing with that from one o'clock to 2
o'clock Eastern time tomorrow so what is
that 10:00 to 11:00 they'll be talking
to Travis and Clint McElroy from the
smell and adventure our own bench an
hour the the Adventure Zone one of the
big D&amp;D podcasts and that is Rachel's
favorite I think even more she likes
them even more than she likes us she's
my second favorite twitching now I don't
feel bad about that ya know so so Adam
will be interviewing Travis and Clint
and that'll be really cool and then
immediately after that I and a group of
other patrons are going to be playing
monster of the week with them so now
that's gonna be a lot of fun monster of
the week is an outstanding indie game
I'm a big fan of monster the week it's
great so yeah those are the
announcements Amy you want to give us
up-to-date on all of the insanity that
has flown here I know there was an
apology from my haircut from my barber
yeah so actually we should start with
that we'll start at the bottom squirrel
on the run would like to apologize with
500 bits to the DM for a poor haircut
she recommends you don't turn your head
to the side yeah I'm very aerodynamic
alright then actually we're pretty much
one for one here so if you start at the
top of the lineup Jay Matthews 85 500 to
the DM my number he's my number two
favorite twitch users
508 500 the players so started with
three now we have ladies not my number
one oh but wait there's more monitory
500 to the DM you know thousands later I
guess he's number three right now thank
you he's actually I think probably and
again I'm assuming it's a he and other
pronouns yep could be a day
I bet to monitory in person but fire
love you man fire until we get out of
the ocean so our favorite twitch user
the Baroness has given a thousand to the
GM know and five hundred to us various
number one I kinda have to agree now now
that I've heard about squirrels infinity
for another DD Show I was I was feeling
bad for how many months until I found
this out now I take it back I'm over
it's okay
a panther oak or Thorpe ooh a thousand
to the GM look at this just used it to
destroy our plane on landing got a
little bit of heft disease he's been on
these last couple weeks very fluent
three heads
don't complain you got three heads but
we also get a thousand a EE yeah
so our pile is getting pretty fast and
then King Shikamaru has also given Ezra
five hundred so here's our stacks right
now is it Lord yeah okay that didn't
look at all obtaining innovative shish
kebab method of demonstrating what was
the name of that kebab game well because
if I do this they're gonna accidentally
flip out of my fingers you know how that
goes when you
have something by the side they just go
boom that would be we need a gif of that
video today well thank you all for your
support especially and only the people
who gave me inspiration much appreciated
everybody
I do have one it's been a little bit but
you know when the Baroness is around I
have to do a GI Joe moment and this GI
Joe moment is the one GI Joe Toye that I
never got I think Thomas might have had
this one I'm not sure we'll check but
the aircraft carrier Heather
it was at early the sides weren't a
cardboard box he still has it constant
it's in the house isn't it there's house
legit five feet long I built that thing
in my living room my parents immediately
told me to get the hell out of the
living room
I put in the garage and lived in the
garage for two years because nowhere
else it would fit the entire house it's
not getting shipped he'll never mind the
the funny part about the aircraft
carrier was it never appeared in any of
the GI Joe it didn't appear in the
cartoon it didn't appear in the in the
comics it was it was purely a a toy
construct they were pretty good about
everything else appearing even the weird
stuff man and and the 90s GI Joe stuff
got weird
there were like there's nothing a little
weird stuff yeah in the 90s it got weird
but the I my you know the only way that
my parents could have really shown they
loved me was getting me the GI Joe
aircraft carrier and they never did
Castle Grayskull was a sad chorus
replacement that I never liked the
he-man stuff the weird like action
figures that you know I wanted I wanted
to swivel arm battle grip that was my
but Castle Grayskull was pretty awesome
yeah Castle Grayskull was it was nice
and big but it was no GI Joe aircraft
carrier that was the that was the the
true love alright so
I mean I have one more GI Joe request
because I've actually have people out
there looking for this and they cannot
seem to find on the Internet the episode
of GI Joe where the animals rescue the
Joe's so so I need to know the name of
it because I literally have friends who
will pay me at like 2:00 in the
afternoon going is it called this and I
was like no that's not it animals like
7:30 in the morning I get in fact I can
probably finally conversation on my
computer right now which you probably
don't want to know about but so here I
am googling things as we sadly I don't
have it committed to memory as much as I
should
that's good or bad
I really can't okay so what they could
find as asking if Cober used a special
weapon called high frequency to give
them all evil scientist named dr.
Lucifer which mind-control the device to
take over all animals in the end the
animal Kling kingdom including much
junkyard GI Joe and Joe had to stop
Cobras hi-fi are high frequency device
and save every animal in the world
especially junkyard who isn't man's best
friend but mutts worst enemy
I was like this is at 2:49 in the
afternoon on a work day Wow God what was
the name mmm
I'm just saying internet get on that cuz
I need burnin I was not saying it was
some terrible name that I will I will
or yeah for us got a mission but it is
yeah it was it's something like animal
SWAT team or something but so the idea
is at one point led by I want to say
spirit these all high up if you're not
gonna give us the episode what did you
guys know but I won't do what so the but
the idea was that all the animals then
went and saved them I'm not sure if it
was was it dr. Mindbender not
dr. lucifer because dr. Mindbender was
the evil Cobra scientist um
really if serpent or wasn't involved I
was out serpent or was the best or the
fridge if mr. Payton was involved okay
cuz I do want to do a D&amp;D modified if we
can find it like do it mitten based on
the fact that like your characters are
actually like the community make D&amp;D
characters and then lock them away and
be like everybody's got to be a druid
now the druid animals need to go save
your D&amp;D characters good luck that's
gonna be maze mitten but I need to watch
the episode to get some creative ideas
on like what to do like what bad things
like dr. Lucifer would do so on board
with this
serpent has to be involved okay I need
DDT I indeed I need D&amp;D 5 e stats for
serpent or that's for these things just
make them up I'm sure it's out there I'm
sure I mean it wouldn't surprise me i
legit found multiple entries for Haunted
doll Wow
yeah because why not and several of them
were not porn most of them weren't porn
because I turned the safe search on I I
do not like living dangerously when I'm
moving fast on on studio Wi-Fi no I
believe Bing is just a porn search
engine at this point whoa I didn't bring
Thomas into this nothing but the the
root the powers that be a quest in chaos
know that Thomas is a fine upstanding
person that I respect deeply he's got to
be on my top 5 twitch user list yeah
yeah you need to expand out to a top 5
or top 10 at this point we're still
waiting for the leaderboards for that
yeah I need that Amy's whiteboard behind
I'll get the bigger whiteboard out we'll
add that in post
so yeah let's play why are we for three
hours that was and then scrapyard
so junkyard well yeah scrap scrap iron
so yeah last episode the B team was
brought in because Rogers was pretty
sure that they were they were gonna be
more competent than the a-team as they
proceeded to they proceeded to you know
cause all sorts of shenanigans
we had Donnell and Flint thorn castle a
Marvel team-up for the ages they they
decided to do some reconnaissance of the
plantation that night Oh Chris who's
going under the name sharifa arash arash
I believe is correct yes
and they they got the military to give
them a plane and they just thought they
were gonna fly over and flying over once
was no problem but flying over a second
time apparently they got some they got
some attention from people they didn't
want to get attention from a massive
sandstorm appeared seemingly out of
nowhere after the military had told them
that the weather was good that day and
pretty clear and and then perhaps more
disturbingly their pilots head popped
off and Donnell disposed of the body of
the pilot but the head stuck around and
you know Flint
I mean props to Flint Flint has saved
this head from a lot of terrible things
he's you know he might have a new
sidekick yeah
just glue him on like like the 80s uh
Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy the
santa clarita diet is a great show if
you've seen it with the character yeah
that's for yeah there you go yeah
um and so unfortunately the plane
crashed because it turns out neither
flint nor Donal can pilot a plane that's
Flint's bull I didn't pay attention it
in pilot school I should have done
better to the extent that you didn't
even go to pilot school well that yeah
hurt situation a little yeah yeah and as
we said when we were talking about this
earlier you know Flint decided to prove
that any landing you can swim away from
is a good landing and they crashed into
the sea splitting their plane into two
pieces and separating them they have
started they have no idea where Shore is
there completely turned around and
they've only got a basic idea of where
each other are they they've heard I
believe Donal heard Flint yelling that's
right so I thought you got to me yeah
you see the the sea meanwhile dr.
Doyle s'en and Emma I can all I can
always remember Amy's name documents
Emma went to a party
well actually I think Emma went to the
part Emma went to a party and flirting
went to a party at the Museum and that's
where we found out that dr. Tolson is a
terrible flirter terrible flirt I don't
know what the not a Florida I see yeah
I'm old and and did not as the kids say
have any game with night Icarus and but
Emma was able to was a great idea why
did you not do that you want me to sleep
no
there are so many things wrong with that
idea
oh that's how you know that's how you
make nice Oh tip Matt he's like you're
cheating on me well I'm much more
concerned about the Chinese trap does
that Branigan school of defeating her
first you must say so yeah you you
met her at the party Emma had a brief
conversation with her and you also met
the interior minister of Egypt who we
actually right before we started I
binged if they're there are you people
happy and it turns out that there was
actually an interior mister in 1925 and
I we could wreak on it - his real name
but we're not going to because in this
world in this reality the interior
minister is a minister a thief who who
talked briefly with you and then talked
a lot more with Joe later and then Joe
met up with Minister Joe decided she
really needed to get a copy of the
Necronomicon and went to go see dr.
Kapoor and along with the other two and
dr. Kapoor did not have the best
reaction to anyone named Emma
he has Emma phobia so I drew that from
the deck of a possible phobias and Joe
got the fake Necronomicon that that
Silvano and Yusef had made that's right
several weeks ago and Joe is now in a
car with Minister a thief and two thugs
and the fake Necronomicon heading
probably to the plantation where NIDA
Chris is gonna have some sort of
horrible right going on tonight at
midnight and that is where our party is
in a really you know worse than usual
three group split this is this is great
so we're gonna start with Emma and
dr. Doyle s'en so I believe we were an
initiative somebody as there are I don't
remember how it was two or three Tufts -
sure totally - yeah I'm fine with that
don't help him Donnell I will find you
will kill this murder I think at this
point it's - you guys need all the help
you can get
and so we go directly into initiatives
I'm at 50 so on a seventy one of the
thugs is going to one of the thugs is
gonna just try and grab dr. Kapoor uh
and dr. Kapoor is gonna make a dodge
roll I will allow you to Inspiration dr.
Cerf or dodge roll which would ya
because he needs to finish that that
papyrus thing that he's doing for me yes
oh that was a very good use of your
inspiration dr. Kapoor grabs the
papers that he's working on and dodges
this guy and he runs into the cage and
slams the door and as he closes the door
to the cage this gold light along the
seal of the door shines 60s on a sixty
he's gonna go after dr. Doyle syns
so he comes up on you with a knife okay
and you should make a dodge roll I will
yep while you're doing that Malcolm X
cab gave a thousand bits to defaults the
players if you don't specify goes to us
exactly - oh ouch
Dolson you just got sliced great you
just took six points of damage from this
knife okay
John's on your character sheet no
Sherlock was on my character look so
this guy pulls out this vicious-looking
knife that's got like a barb in it and
he just stabs it right into you for six
points of damage fifties im5 believe
it's doyle cinnamon Emma all right I'm
gonna shoot this guy all right
a gun goes off inside the there's no so
you actually have an advantage die
because you are Point Blank excellent
all right so I got a hard success on
that all right he does not do well on
his dodge roll your damage it's a hard
success what now it was a process is max
damage fantastic that's twelve points of
damage
ouch okay pistols are not fun this
guy goes down there is so wait that's a
45 right yeah yeah alright so there is a
deafening boom inside this room and the
the first guy who's around you just does
that you've just shot and he he goes
down his shoulder stays up for like a
half a second before it follows the rest
of him down um
and he is not he is not willing to
continue in any of this business
uh there is blood spattered all over the
back wall there's shelves of papers
and papyrus and who knows what and just
splat a crimsoned splotch goes across
all of that stuff and you hear it before
going like oh and don't take a second to
go terribly sorry about that la you
have a fifty yep so I'm gonna go and
point my 45 at the other noon ooh you
know what
this person who is named Emma has a lot
of luck like she has nine you would you
like to spend some luck you've also got
a ton of inspiration got a ton of
inspiration remember what happened I
spent luck and then I need to make a
left role how much do you have in hand
guttin 45 yeah just we roll we roll
alright let's let's go ahead and approve
the reroll and then if it doesn't work
out then we can talk about luck Thomas
just well actually just just militia
well actually me in the chat yeah
apparently a 911 is louder than a 45 I
don't believe that for a second I've
shot both without air protection and oh
my god the 45 hurt worse I I defer to
people that like guns
what is it okay I'm not gonna re all
argue with this one later later at night
at home with him so I got a 70 so I did
worse as you know so that's it that's an
Amy not an Emma
alright now you can't spend luck or
could you
I could critically I would still
probably have more luck than the other
Emma does probably you your your you
have agency so oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] push it for me
okay I see now this is why I didn't
spend luck because how do I F up a 90 in
luck so yeah I made it with the 64 so
yeah you fire and you miss all of the
the the sort of museum-quality stuff and
you just blow like a chunk out of the
wall and that was fifties we're
back to the top of the lineup which is
thug number one who has not been had a
hole blown in him thug number one on a
70 is going to he was going after calf
or so he's gonna keep doing that so thug
number one goes to the door of the cage
he's a thug so he's not that smart and
he grabs the door and as soon as he goes
to open it there's almost like that that
comic book like super imposition of his
skeleton as like he gets zapped with
some sort of energy
um and he like is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he's holding the
door like shaking like this and it's
it's you know there's like an eerie
silence after the gunshot and all you
hear is this noise of like his jaws
flapping as he's like and it's not
stopping so we are technically out of
combat now all right so dr. Gafoor can
can we let's let's get out of here I'm
sorry I can't hear you over the noise of
this man frying could you him I I want
to look around and see if I can find
like a wooden chair or something that
won't conduct electricity sure and like
use that to push this person away from
the door so as soon as as soon as he as
soon as his contact with the door is
broken
like he just crumples and there's like
um acrid smelling smoke coming out at
him is their closet or something we can
lock him in along with the guy who's
bleeding to death yeah all right it's
already dead he's near death is bleeding
to death channeling Thomas I thought you
were gonna stabilize him perhaps are you
kidding
if we lock him in the closet well okay
here's it here's the question do we
think that he's more useful alive or
dead he didn't seem particularly useful
life yeah I was about to say what is he
gonna tell us I mean the things that we
have to do right now is get dr. Kapoor
out of here
make sure Joan is okay and then head to
the compound so I would say here
ministry compound that sounds like a
good order of operations yes so I mean
but also leaving dead bodies in a closet
if nothing else they start to smell
disgusting after a while where else
where else do you put dead bodies except
the closet I don't have time to dig a
hole come on with me doctor oh you
weren't in New York that's right the
incinerator is always very useful ooh
does that dr. Cerf or do they do you
have an incinerator in this building
what a terrifying question yes you know
what never mind continue to write will
let's take these two bodies downstairs
or at least out to the trash I I think I
think the incinerator is going to be the
best option if we can get them there
okay so it's it's it's late evening
the haut the hotel
the museum is fairly on people there is
a security guard did he hear 245 shots
go off so as you are coming out are my
rolls to be bad why not
can I do that to you if you want to move
you on the way steer your inspiration
that way I don't think that would be a
waste what okay so the opposite of that
the real gameplay of that is I find a
bookshelf or something and not gonna you
don't mean something and knock it over
so that it makes a big thud right you're
not gonna overthink first like would you
please not do that subterfuge subterfuge
in case somebody hurt hear that we've
heard it here ditz you've heard it we
heard hum just be like look it
accidentally fell oh my goodness it made
a loud noise ooh work here I can tell
Omar the security guard that
everything's fine okay well you can't
when you're locked in a closet get out
here what are you doing okay just finish
the thing you told us to do I asked you
to finish let's cook bodies dr. Kapoor
we begun shots are very very we're very
very loud would you mind just checking
in with the security guard and making
sure that he's not about to catch us
carrying two dead bodies out of here
because I feel like everything on talked
to the security guard go here do that
this was like please hold on a sec and
he he goes and he says three words that
you don't really understand and a door
appears in front of him and he opens the
door and steps through the door leaving
the door open and you can actually hear
through that door him go ah Omar how a
good good evening dr. Kapoor is
everything okay by the way do the either
of you speak Egyptian or Arabic
Egyptian so you hear him you hear you
hear them having a conversation um
before sounds borderline frantic and
he says some stuff and then he comes
back through the door closes it and
without regarding you sits down and goes
back to work I just like look back at
where that door was for a moment and
just like okay Beth shall we doctor are
we okay to go in the hallway okay
apparently let's let's just do this so
are you taking them one at a time no
we're gonna put them in I'm assuming
this is like a chair that we could drag
like put them in and prop the chair and
pull the chair away well okay one of the
guys is bleeding profusely from where
the where his shoulder used to be all
right I'd like to try and find some
cloth and like wrap it up hard enough
putting basically tourniquet where the
shoulder used to be to could to cut off
the the arteries and stop the bleeding
so we don't leave a blood trail okay
yeah no problem you urine you're a
doctor you know how to do this so
yeah yeah you you lay them on top of
each other on like a wooden chair with
wheels and you're like rolling them and
then you put the the semi bloody tarp
over both of them so that you're pushing
you know Casper the bleeding ghost
through the hole
of the Egyptian Museum he shouldn't be
bleeding anymore I know my work alright
Casper the bloody ghost
yes heart's not pumping he's not pushing
blood out it like an exponential rate um
so you're looking for just a room to
stash them or you know we're looking
we're looking for the basement and the
incinerator
so before is in the basement so yeah
unfortunately not reading Arabic is
great is greatly impending your ability
to find the incinerator you can just
start opening doors yeah alright both
of you make me a luck roll let's see if
you both make it you find it quickly oh
yeah like a oh wow okay boom so yeah 69
you get to sort of the the utility
stairway down and like the first door
you open is a somehow unlocked the the
the custodians room that has an
incinerator in it so you can dispose of
these bodies I'm like muttering to
myself as we do this like New York all
over again I and on that the camera
pulls back out of the room and it keeps
pulling up and it pulls up to a scene of
Cairo and then it starts coming down on
a car that is speeding out of Cairo and
it comes into the car and inside the car
is a minister a thief who is looking
through the fake Necronomicon and he's
me clearly makes no head makes neither
head nor tails of it he has no idea what
he's looking at Joe make me in a cult
role no okay all you'll get is that this
guy has no idea what he's looking at
like he is he it is clear that he is not
the person that can judge if this is a
fake or not and and so he's just sort
of flipping through and he looks at me
one point and he goes I thought there
might be
choose oh this is what they gave me
another they said this was this was the
thing so here you go
I like to get there the thing to get as
soon as possible so he closes the book
and he says so and forgive me I've
forgotten your name yo your name is Joe
it's a very curious name on the home the
whole name is Josephine but I hope I Joe
um we we in my culture we prefer to call
people by their last names but but of
course Josephine I feel yes I feel a
certain kinship with you and I hope that
I hope that you will not hold my my
brusque my brusque request of earlier
against me we are dealing with a time
constraint and my my mistress is most
particular about punctuality oh yeah I
know I get it I get it I've been there
I've been there people want their things
now yes and providing her with this tome
as you have done will certainly bring
her favour upon you in fact I will allow
hands you the book back I will allow you
to present it to my mistress this is a
great honor well you know I figured
since you know you you you want it in
you you're in with her you'd give it to
her and you know well I'm already a
member of the cult but if you give her
this book you will be a member of the
I mean who wish to join the cult right I
was kind of more like gonna be you know
I'm a messenger something I whoa boy I
didn't think this is gonna be like this
I thought I'd just come and get the
money and get the book and everything
would be great
oh come on come on man you know I got
this for you there's got to be something
in it for me you would you would do this
for such a venal reason our mistress is
oh I'm very disappointed
well I thought you had potential as as a
member of the cult really you think well
hey you know if you're willing to
sponsor me and get me inside uh-huh that
book is all the sponsor you require you
have you have stolen a copy of the
Necronomicon I think it helped you think
think without question and I'll so you
get me inside and I can get close to all
the people in the cult
I mean if they wish it we've we've had a
couple of cult marriages people when
they work closely together sometimes
interpersonal relationships can't happen
yes no okay yeah no it's too early for
what human resources there are no rules
about dating other cult members if that
if that when you say you want to get
close to them I mean yeah yeah no no I
know not that's that's cool though I
died from you I got it boy what
about my friends I need to leave them a
note to say where I'm going what friends
oh yeah I got friends in the city come
on I can't do all this stuff myself you
don't well once you have joined you can
then bring them into the cult well I'd
like to leave a message though you know
telling him where them going and so they
know so they don't you know get worried
and like try to find me you know we
don't want them to choice
find me we want them we want them to so
can I mean we need sacrifices no these
are friends boy no I'll have to make
sacrifices for the cult
well like goats in Josephine we're all
adults here
yeah there's no sacrificing of goats
goats blood is a poor replacement for
human blood so you're telling me you're
telling me that the things that you do
require a human blood to work he looks
at the copy of the Necronomicon in your
got it from my friend who told me some
about it
yeah but no I can't read the whole thing
like you look it's look there's no
pictures I exactly yeah yeah I get lost
to the page and I speak the language
yeah yes so that's why I like this one
the sense of the grammar in that book is
atrocious
why well let me just let me just leave
um I was at the hotel let me just leave
uh I mean even note for them just so
just so they know just I'm sorry but
we're actually he looks out his window
we are some ways out of Cairo already
all right I'll get you hit the
plantation in about an hour
Hey all right well I'm just gonna say
this is an exciting night for you you
could have joined the cult maybe meet
your future husband it seems like you're
very open to this yeah making people
okay great
no I got this I got this all right
the camera pulls out of the car and it
pulls up and it starts to come fly about
above the way
across the ocean and in the distance you
see the wreckage of the plane and as
behind the camera comes up on a barge of
some sort
it's a sailed vessel no it's not a
sailing vessel it is being it is being
it is being rode it is very old and it
is coming upon the position as it passes
that barge of a head a silently
screaming head being held above the
water by a single hand and Donald come
cannon doggy-paddling over as he holds
on to like a part of the wing that is
barely staying afloat so before that
happens no nukes for Samuel in cave five
hundred bits for her Jo's cult marriage
nice it's a wedding gift consider it a
wedding gift something for the registry
she registered with quests and chaos
they're all getting they're all getting
coasters that's the flat exert flasks uh
so yeah yeah Donal as you came up to
him thorn castle sank below the water
holding with his with his last effort
holding the pilots head above the water
and then I made my swim check and I made
a hard success remember and I came out
sure I don't go back and watch I don't
get as close as you can and then try to
pull Flint onto this right yeah so you
are now both of you on this wing um
you're a little worried about you know
sort of one of you can kind of be on the
wing the other one is sort of just
holding onto the side of it and treading
water at any given time you're not sure
what would happen if both of you tried
to use it as a flotation device Wow what
do you what are you holding on to that
for he's a lot of dead
no he's he's he's very much alive he
doesn't have a body it's just this Eddie
oh yeah it's let it go no no you need
two hands to swim no I need two legs to
swim what what are you what are you
doing
treading water with Lotz cliff with a
head but it's not like a normal head are
you all right we can't okay what do you
want we can't keep it mom we can't keep
that we can't we can't leave him here to
die
he's with the fishes now he's right here
in my hands let it go no no no help me
push this towards we have to find the
shore or something okay okay well okay
let's let's listen for seagulls the
head is like watching you both like a
tennis match as like you got like no we
have to throw them overboard what no huh
going back and forth it makes no
sound the head is the head is silent um
when you say let's listen you hear you
hear like horns blowing like and you see
in the distance a black painted black
with gold inlay barge both of you can
make a history roll 47 billion okay
history is under her age I somehow
rolled a four and have a base skill of
five so I'm gonna go ahead and check
that off there we go all right Flint
remembering his one high school history
class that he didn't blow off you this
is a an Egyptian barge that like the
Pharaohs would ride in and it is not at
all seaworthy they were made for the
Nile but we're
but you are in the sea how close is it
it's quite it's coming up it's quite
close it's well quite close it's it's
let's say a hundred feet away let's
start let's start paddling towards that
pushing our wing towards that barge okay
so we want to go towards it instead of
away from it yes okay because that's not
normal
there's a rescue us I think they're here
to capture us why would they be to
capture us it's a boat we crashed that's
that's the that boat doesn't belong on
the ocean that's a riverboat it
shouldn't be out this far why do you
care it's a boat we need to get a boat
black boat with is that gold on it yep
that gold why does it matter because a
sworn mistress created a sandstorm out
of nothing and then magically
decapitated our pilot the pilot nods
when you see link is like so you think
she magically created some barge in the
Mediterranean I'm just expecting
cultists on a barge and that yeah yeah
that's good first that's my that's what
my gut tells me
let's take their bars done so you start
kicking towards the barge yes and
waiting you are pulled up by powerful
arms and the the head starts screaming
again silently as it looks up and I'll
make a Sam roll yeah the head is just
like I cover the heads eyes and I will I
will allow both of you a luck role to
not look up at what's picking you up or
you can just look up if you choose I'll
roll and see what happens all right I
think I want to know what's picking me
up
all right you both
picking me up so you are being picked up
out of the water by the body of a man
and the head of a crocodile statue it's
like it's like black stone but like one
of those crocodile statues is way worse
than cultists both of you both of you
make me sanity rolls yeah oh he's a
failure that is indeed a failure but 20
I'm gonna clear everything's fine the
head prepared me but Donnell you lose to
sanity right and Flint you are
remarkably okay with all this
yeah the having the head there was
really a comfort for you in this time uh
yeah well I knew to brace myself when
the head started screaming I'm like oh
this isn't good
so yeah you are pulled up and flung onto
the deck of this boat and the two
crocodile guys immediately go back to
rowing they just walk to each end and
they just start rowing and you're on
this barge that is it's about 40 feet
long and in there are silks and
tapestries and pillows and it all leads
up to a golden throne sitting on which
is a man all black with a fur onic
headpiece on I can't do it miss chair
it's harder there you go that's good the
wrong chair man put my hand on the
shoulder I don't know Donnell has not
met the black Pharaoh I don't think I
don't think yeah he's heard of him but
he's heard of him I don't think I've
heard of him but I will thank you very
much for your food this is my home this
is not good fluent this fellow he's he's
not here to help us I
I'm here to help you he did help us so
far I'm here to save you to rescue you
we could just go back to swimming all
right well I for one appreciate your
help thank you thank you you know how to
magically reattach person's head to
their missing body I can do this
yes don't ask us well we have very few
options and I think very few people are
gonna help us with this don't ask for
that it'll give you what you want he's
right I'll give you what you want this
is this a monkey's paw sort of a beetle
or did you come see B can I see the
shore from here at all you can't see the
shore from here not yet but when you
look the or guys are like outboard motor
fast they are like churning within human
strength one on each side just like junk
zum-zum when I turn to the head what do
you think would you are you interested
in this where these dead
oh he's I cover his eyes back up again
there there is I can give both of you
whatever you want I it's it's Donald
isn't it I could reunite you with your
friends in I can send you to Shanghai
you could see what Alexandre is up to
you're not no and you don't recognize
these people and he like holds up his
hands and like a there's a interspersed
of the Great Dane of you see Ali I'm
trying to remember what they did on the
boat and I'm blanking on the whole stuff
with the with the Josh and Stan it's
very sad and you see you know you see
Alexandra basically drawing her knives
out from nowhere
preparing and fighting fish men you see
Silvano eating a fish man you see uh
they're under some sort of attack and
they fight off the attackers but you
see that poor kid that you like roughed
up back in England is is like cowering
and running away you don't think they
have need of someone wait a minute I
know exactly what you want and he snaps
his fingers and the view changes and you
see Silvano pulling your rifle out of a
bag care about that far more than you
care about any person would necessarily
that's true fellow but fine you know who
I am and you obviously know who these
people are I understand that whatever
you're offering we're price I don't want
to pay it we can discuss the price if
you wish it's quite simple what's the
price what's what am i what am I missing
here I will give you exactly what you
want I will give you the death of night
Icarus all you have to do is give me the
headdress of eyes the headdress oh it's
moved several times now
I don't think I have the ability to give
that to you fella oh I could teach you
how I have but to give you the word of
power and you can remove the headdress
from anyone let's just say I use this
word of power and remove the address and
I don't give it to you
then what well that would go very poorly
for you if we had made an arrangement
hmm I don't know if it's my decision to
make for that
it clearly is you're here now make a
decision this is not complicated I can
save your headless friend
I can kill Knight Icarus for you and I
can send you to Shanghai you will be
waiting for your compatriots what's all
you have to do is give me the headdress
of eyes I feel like there's a catcher
drop some tell me what you think the
catch is perhaps if you give me 24 hours
to consider your arrangement a little
time to drink and think it's over well I
mean you'd you'd miss the you'd miss the
ritual at the plantation hmm I've been
fortunate to miss them perhaps if we
gonna make that ritual good consider it
uh I've already done you one favor for
free I don't have any more free favors
to give you you would kill night Icarus
I would just for this piece of jewelry
yes I would also give that man his body
back and I would send you to Shanghai
where you can be reunited with the true
love of your life it's not that rifle by
the way
rifles you really like that right don't
what's this headdress oh it's bossy
piece of jewelry talks to you Ed a bossy
piece of jewelry perhaps would there
be consequences for him having this oh
I'm sure it's probably terrible Oh
I mean is it worse than the current
situation it must be the summer I don't
agree
I've had a fair amount of success making
deals with people like you and I have
maintained my side of the bargain
each time and in fairness you have
maintained your side of the bargain each
time right what deals have you made
with him before
well charmingly and at this point he
leans forward actually the last deal I
made brought nigh to christen to being
that's troubling however you're saying
you would destroy her oh yes and I'm
concerned she could just be resurrected
again correct I'm not sure how permanent
this is if we were to make this I
wouldn't be sporting if I kill her she
will remain dead all for a piece of
jewelry we talk on the other side of the
boat of course of course he goes back
and he sits on his throne I'm sure he
can hear us no matter where we had this
conversation it's still polite
I am omniscient yeah so if he's the one
who who brought her back didn't screw
him
perhaps if this fella can see into the
future maybe we'd be successful in
killing her anyway so
not something he's really doing us a
favor by killing herself but this is
Julie he would have just brought her
back in order to maneuver us to getting
what he wanted to begin with this
particular piece of jewelry was being
used by this fellow cult leader in
London he was a very powerful sorcerer
the jewelry was giving him special
knowledge abilities whatever it was but
but the fella wasn't wearing it when we
found it
I believe that Emma was the one that
found it it wasn't even wearing it she
of course put it on and so the story
goes but she never told us about that in
any event it is powerful piece of
magical jewelry I'm sure that it gives
goes to him who knows what he could do
with it I'm sure we got a bargain but
under it it still is quite tempting my
but that's my instincts are saying the
same thing but it's part of me
this is a difficult one my friend
difficult one because this is as a
favor to us is that's BS let's just say
we do go out tonight across many of us
may be killed Matt and then endeavour
it may not be bloodless or we may be
unsuccessful or this fella could do
something else to make it even worse for
us it's some sort of game that we're
playing that were his game that we're
playing but I just wish I knew what the
rules were well until we know my
suggestion is to refuse I understand
that was my first instinct as well
that's a difficult bargain there but
some know he's manipulating you like
that's pretty obvious he's manipulating
all of us I think you're right all right
very well
I thought we can't accept your bargain
I'm sorry no that's a shame and he like
holds up his hands again and as he shows
I'm one of those fish men just slices
Youssef open the poor fella it's not
going well for them
if only they had someone who knew how to
fight
well yeah bargain would send me to
Shanghai not to wherever it was they're
not nothing like they're going to
Shanghai you'll be there when they
arrive God's help them now though
further you could I could send you to
they've got Alexandria with them she'll
take care of the fish people we best not
to trouble with these things that the
headdress is not my call I can't decide
who to give it to you it's not my
property so you are turning down my
offer respectfully we must take lightly
and do i I appreciate your candor and
your well I appreciate you hearing me
out so here's what I'm going to do I'm
going to give you a little gift and I'm
going to send you to the plantation and
I will return your friend to life what a
pilot yes it's actually yeah you're all
right maybe maybe I misjudged and uh
you'll forgive me I am omniscient I
heard you talking about the rules of the
game I could tell you the rules of the
game
okay talking about in fact let's make
that part of the bargain you give me the
headdress of eyes I tell you all the
just one moment there mister phone just
one moment
look you might as well stay here Flynn
could go to Libya and I'd hear you
knowing the rules of the game that that
changes things my friend we can figure
out what exactly it is that we can do
what game I don't all the tools you need
to defeat me that's clear I would I do
that
wait we're trying to defeat him but
we're having bargains with him I mean
you're trying to defeat part of I'm part
of what you're trying to defeat it's
very confusing it quite is I do
understand that this particular fella is
one of several different personalities
that are inhibits 25 5 different
personalities that inhibit one
particular sleeping ancient being of
some sort but this particular one is the
jokey trickster when I suppose the one
with all the puzzles and what's not but
oh that are used you assume it it
doesn't make any sense for him to
ultimately do things that are against
his own best interest I think they all
do that to some degree from what I've
heard but but listen listen this there's
a Keith Hereford he said it made tons
about there's a game there's rules and
we've asked them repeatedly to know what
those rules are what we can do we can't
do what he could can't account to and he
of course he's never told us this before
this this information I think that may
be more valuable than than the jewelry
do you agree with me
I'm not disputing its value but I am
concerned that whatever he's asking us
to do is going to put him in a position
where tell him telling us the rules
won't matter we know the rules will
always help you play the game and we we
can't play the game without knowing the
rules we've we've been making mistakes
around the board itself this thorn
castle you would not even understand the
world has ended because they didn't
understand the rules of the game see I
can show you and he holds his hand apart
and you see mo with a crowbar in a
warehouse I don't know this woman that's
true you see a woman just in the other
image with the fish people no we were
just working with him she's she's
left for the library
oh no the different demo oh and this
woman takes the crowbar and decides not
to pry the Box open but instead just
hammers the box with the crowbar and
there is a massive explosion that just
spreads out and you see like look you
see England just ceasing to be as the
camera pulls up and up and there's just
mass devastation so what you're saying
is that in another reality rules of the
game were you can't smash open crates I
think that they didn't follow some sort
of rules not that great what boo mr.
Fong I think I'll accept your bargain if
indeed you will tell us the full rules
of again not a Kris will be destroyed
for the rest of whatever this period is
of course or at least a sanctuary how's
that at least a century you'll return me
to the other group before they anyone of
that group is killed and my fellow here
Thor casts on the safely return to Egypt
as well
this pilot fellow whose name I don't
even know is return to life as well that
is first lieutenant John Anderson good
fella
he cheats on his wife no maybe not but
still let's start him to life as well of
course in fact as a show of good faith
I'll do that right now and he snaps his
fingers and all the sudden you hear em I
can I'm still stroking his hair Shh it's
okay it's okay been a bad dream and
tomorrow you'll wake up this bad dream
very bad so he knocked out the green
material you start comforting first
lieutenant Anderson after his head he
completely lost his head but I I Donnell
I have to I have to politely disagree
look at the decision you're making it
feels like we are playing it exactly
into his hands but least we can play the
game now the good news is you'll know
because you'll know the rules
how what do I have 20 days 30 days to
get this piece of jewelry back to you
what's my time for him
what's the 30 days from the time I put
you in Shanghai 30 days from the time
their headdress arrives in Shanghai very
well I accept however I won't tell you
the rules until I have the headdress
everything else I'll give you beforehand
but if I give you everything you have
know I've already learned that threats
of destroying cities seem to have very
little impact on people like you what
cities have you destroyed
oh I almost destroyed Cairo almost very
well sir I'll see if this your judge is
me poorly but I'll take your bargain
excellent so
I will return lieutenant Anderson to his
base and I will send the two of you to
the plantation is that a good idea
that's where I'm going to kill NIDA
Chris unless you'd like to kill her she
summoned the sandstorm wait who's some
in the sandstorm and then decapitated
Anderson oh yes that was not - Chris
yeah I'm not eager to have a go with
that I think world she's technically a
wizard because she reads most of her
magic comes from a book hmm I like to
shorthand it she's a sorceress let's uh
very well you'll pardon me I have a
sense of drama we'll arrive right before
the right before the ceremony is to be
completed would you like the rest of
your friends there or not I'll make it
happen
yes familiar with tej no no his is a
beautiful honey Mead that my subjects
made for me it tastes much better with a
drop of their own blood but I can
understand if you don't wish mmm the non
blooded version please course of course
and there is a yeah he put like all of a
sudden a table rolls out a low table
rolls out and there is a feast there of
dates and spiced meats and fish and just
all sorts of delicious food and this
glorious almost like a honey wine please
yeah yeah so you
you guys will now spend about an hour on
this boat eating and the boat comes back
up the Nile and it it stops before Cairo
and you will get off and you will be
taken to when you get off you get off it
like there's no pier where you get off
you just got off at this point and the
black Pharaoh waves his hand and like
sand disappears and there's a door there
and he's like we'll go this way and you
enter into a dark portal and we come
back to Alexandra and to Emma I'm that's
yes a Mendelssohn and unfortunately
slightly table has also given as were
troll a black bear oh he gets to control
a sorceress he decapitates people at his
somebody's household I'm sure there's
gonna be issues so yeah you you two have
about the time you get back from making
sure the body is burnt enough to not be
recognizable the cuff or comes out of
the cages I've done it I've completed it
we have to get to the plantation cellent
let's go I I can get a car Oh Marc and
get me a car all right what are we going
to do with the plantation exactly the
ritual that we've created here okay all
all right I mean that's that's what you
wanted yes yes yes you need anything do
we need any supplies to take with us you
have guns well yeah I've got guns those
would be good okay look you don't need
water of the Nile or like bats wings or
crocodile head or whatever it is that
you Wizards do I am NOT a wizard okay I
am I'm merely a student of the arcane
and and all of that
sideshow mysticism crap that doesn't do
anything okay that's just to sell it to
the rubes
so is there anything we need to do or
not do we should not die okay step one
although a little human blood could be
useful I'm gonna like look around the
room at the various puddles did you say
that when we had to bleeding bodies oh
yeah sorry sorry I'm I was very wrapped
up in my work no fair
so we saw you make a door earlier can
you do that to take us out to the
plantation or is that too far out of
range I would not use magic to approach
NIDA Chris SharePoint she would be able
to detect that from any distance do you
think that she'll be able to detect us
even if we don't to approach only if we
drive up her driveway I mean she'll have
terrestrial guards
she has cultists but if we if we use
mundane means we should be fine do they
do all the cultists know each other is
this like a cult like again is this
something where we could perhaps dress
as a cultist and gain access
this establishment possible there aren't
a lot of white members of this cult
and and Beth I'm gonna pull up pull out
the card that she gave me and hold it up
between two fingers I do have something
of a standing invitation ooh
I mean I'm I'm entirely sure that she
didn't mean for it to be used like this
but I can use the boorish American joke
and talk my way in maybe uh-huh okay
let's go all right so yeah before
will Hector the poor security guard into
loaning him one of the museum trucks and
so you are in this you know stick shift
like open what does it canvas top truck
driving out into the into the desert and
we come to Joe and it's it's about ten
o'clock and at this point a thief says
oh oh good work we're here hold on and
he rolls down the window and a guy leans
in with some sort of like rifle and he
both him and the gun lean in the window
and they look at you and then they say
something in Arabic you don't stand
again you don't speak Arabic all right
uh and then they a thief says something
to him and the guy looks at you and goes
and like puts his head out and then hits
the top of the caught of the sedan the
sedan drives in a/c says oh they're very
glad you're here boy so we and the car
comes around we're going to pull up to
the plantation and then I'm gonna bring
you into the drawing room and then you
will present my mistress with the book
and that will bring you into the cult so
it's not some big ceremony or anything
not anybody else is not gonna be there
just me well for to start with the
alright alright so you pull up to a very
English plantation house it's it's it's
sort of wide and long and two stories
white clapboard all around it are fields
of cotton and you can see you can see
movement in the fields that makes you
feel like there are you know there's a
not insignificant number of people here
and there are definitely armed guards
about when you when you start to come up
the steps you see two guys with rifles
just sort of like standing at attention
at the steps are they gonna let me keep
my handgun well I mean I owe it to them
I mean once you're in the coat you can
bring whatever you want here alright if
I got knives in pieces I'm good well I'm
sure I mean like I said once you're in
the coats you're you're one of the
family family yeah we shot had a family
you're about to have a massive family a
globe-spanning family and a thief will
walk up with you and you come up to the
door the guards pay you no mind and you
enter into a drawing room where a thief
says oh if you don't mind remove your
shoes my mistress is very particular
about no shoes in the house alright
alright fine
takes off his shoes and he puts on a
white lit light linen robe over what
he's wearing
and he point he takes one but he doesn't
give it to you yet and he'll he'll go
one of the best parts about being in
this cult he opens the he opens the robe
and the inside is inlaid with Arabic
writing that seems to like kind of glow
is this you
tection it makes sure that the beasts of
the fields don't devour you that's
pretty cool all right yeah and just wait
just wait
yeah oh it is appropriate to bow when
you are brought before my mistress but
if not the king if genuflecting is it is
comes up to you that's fine as well it's
not the king
I mean she's the queen of Egypt I get it
all right all right so as he's saying
this like another guy will open a door
to the drawing-room you'll go down the
hall you'll come in and inside is a
young attractive African woman she is
she's wearing very modern clothes a
dress with like a high thigh slit and
she's sitting in a very comfortable
chair reading a book and she closes the
book and she's hello welcome I believe
you have a gift for me and at this point
like a thief like nudges you boy huh
ma'am and I reach out the book I brought
this she takes the book and it's in her
hand and there's like there's a
there's a second of her eyes sort of
looking up into nothing and then the
book starts to burn in her hand just you
know like a piece of paper slowly as it
burns down why have you brought me this
cuz I told you wanted the book and I got
the book
this is not alice 'if there is or
forgery there are not even illustrations
well we thought there was something
wrong without no pictures but but they
told me this was the book this was the
book a Cephas like my queen the woman
said she had the book the woman said it
yeah no I was told I'd this was the book
so I brought it to my buddy here I'm
sorry that's not the right thing that
you needed but I'm very grateful for the
chair let me in here
a thief has brought to you here that
means he trusts you a thief will you
vouch for this woman to join our cult we
don't have many English people oh my
queen she truly believed she was
bringing you alice 'if it's clear that
she was not smart enough to notice that
it was a a fake but she clearly tried so
yes of course she should join the cult
well nassif i have seen the future
tonight will be a great night my lord
tells me that we will no matter what
happens we will be victorious the loss
of the book is a minor thing so
Josephine do you pledge your unearthly
fealty to the cult of the black Pharaoh
I thought it was you what lose the black
so you're getting married tonight
seddie oh wow so he's like already your
husband see if you don't say what what
well argue this is this is exciting
stuff says all the cult people come in
here yes we have this is we have
gathered the cult for tonight's ceremony
I tonight the sands will rise tonight I
become the true queen of Egypt
oh so the ministers and everything gonna
be here too Wow
this is gonna be a big night see if goes
the other ministers are coming no a
thief's only you are in the cult oh boy
you got yourself villain Oi yeah I'll be
there in the room with everyone that
sounds like fun you pledge unyielding
fealty to the cult of the black Pharaoh
Josephine
what's what's that mean what's that mean
it means that you have joined the cult
of the black Pharaoh that is why you
came here is it not I came to get to the
book that was why I came here that's
that was the whole thing it was a book
and this boy here said you needed the
book so I got the book a thief just
sponsored you for membership in the cult
a thief like you said you wanted to join
I said I wanted to meet the cult people
everything yeah yeah come in
let's call some I want to find out who
is in the cult yeah so can I hang out
it'd be great you could have some food
and stuff it's gonna be a big party
right we can have dancing we could have
music oh there will be dancing Josephine
such dancing I own a music boy I think
get into this all I require from you
Josephine is the answer you can say no
do you declare on you being fealty to
the cult of the black Pharaoh no you
will merely be an observant to all that
happens tonight unyielding fealty no I
know I got that to the no no I can't do
it right now but I can watch you can
come here and be here this would be
awesome of course you can please won't
you join and she hands you a glass of
wine and she like says won't you join me
a sieve so she'll take a deep sip of the
wine do you sip the wine okay like
drinks deeply yeah yeah yeah yeah it's
fun like it unroll because see if I like
it yeah okay
the wine is great the wine is delicious
and she smiles and she says Josephine
yes if you'll excuse me I must speak
with a Seif I have some friends that
will take you to the waiting room
great if you require anything at all you
can you can let the gentleman that will
be standing outside your door now all
right so you got a room for the day well
yes for the next few hours until this
party starts right
oh yes the party will start soon yeah
all right all right I'm there so two
large men in white robes will take you
upstairs they put you in a room and
there are you do I get the white robe do
I get to know I can't take one on the
way way out or something can't grab one
you want to try yeah yeah you reach for
one in Niagra says I am so sorry Joe
only members of the cult of the black
Pharaoh wear those robes ah but do you
have did like to swear on yielding
fealty to the cult of the black Pharaoh
that robe could be yours
ya know I gotta think about it gotta
think about that so the road would
look fine on you it's slimming
it would be oh it's a very modern cut
I've changed them from when L Shakti was
designing them so I can't hear ya oh you
got a new designer so no I can't just
carry it and keep it and wait for the
wear it for the party oh you got some of
the party clothes I could wear
I'm afraid not Joe the robes are only
four members of the cult alright well
give me give me a second in my room too
of course as I said if you require
anything you need only ask the gentleman
so you're taking up to a room there's a
distinct click as the door locks and
let's see who do we cut back to Oh has
more news oh I'm sorry I'm so sorry
everybody
no nukes for Samuel has given 15 hundred
bits to Ezra oh right I see Samuel this
is all the bits that we have for Little
Bo I don't want to talk about it I'm
done talking forget it forget it
this is so bad oh I'm gonna have no need
for sandals moving up my favorite twitch
boy I'm surprised that already in the
top three who is that for because
joining cults can never go wrong
who is that for - maggot aura if she
joins the cult that's the only way she
gets the inspiration it's about time we
got someone on the inside
no thank you to stop thinking I'm
thinking through and the robes are fancy
mmm they protect the beasts in the field
yeah see that's a good thing also just
gave 500 to Joan for saying no to NATO
Chris finally we get something oh that's
that is that's makeup inspiration is
what that is yeah let's see I don't want
to sleep on the couch tonight
inspiration if I'm wrong but that's 11
to 11 Wow Wow
so well so the camera pulls out way far
it's global we see a car with Emma and
with dr. Doyle s'en in it
a truck sorry a truck that is coming
nearer to the plantation we see we see
Flint and Donald walking through a torch
layered passage with hieroglyphics on
the wall with the black Pharaoh leading
the way the two of them walking and to
crocodile guys behind them and we see
Joe sitting in a room eating dates just
like you know picking at a a charcuterie
plate and having a glass of wine and
with that montage we go to break we will
be back shortly we're gonna have a
giveaway at hashtag chaos for a gale
force nine deck or a call it Cthulhu
starter set and so hashtag chaos in chat
we will have that we'll be back as soon
[Music]
you
welcome back Internet friends what a
break that was everybody should send
pizzas to Tallinn Sauron while you can
congratulations telling Sauron for both
letting us know where you live and also
letting and winning a a gale force nine
deck or a Call of Cthulhu starter kit
your choice any decision we didn't ban
talents or nor anything like that
he's just been timed out messaging so
that he we can delete all of his
personal information he didn't try to
put his social security up there number
up there his mother's maiden name it was
starting to get embarrassing so we had
to we had to quiet him a little then he
when he started telling us he like long
walks on the beach we got uncomfortable
and yeah Don I also want to thank a pan
of Thorpe a pan of Thorpe I want to make
sure a pan throw for ten gifted
subscriptions that is amazing thank you
so much for the support you're giving
the community it's outstanding and you
guys are awesome I guess that's the
that's really that's really the takeaway
here you guys are awesome and talents
towards address is screening every
episode his password is password is but
hey the S is our dollar sign it's
different wouldn't expect it the running
joke with with one of my groups was that
whenever you needed a password it was
always just password password password
long enough to confuse anyone there you
go
so we we left off at break with
everybody rushing towards well almost
everyone rushing towards the plantation
where Joan is currently enjoying a
lovely were passed in a beverage
so Donal and Flint you get the the black
Pharaoh stops he's counting archways and
he stops at number four he says this is
the archway to the plantation but if
you'll
me I have a bit of a flair for the
dramatic and then it is still too early
for us to show up it's good thing we ate
on the barge if you're hungry I can
certainly provide on good now and I'm
not I'm saying it's a good thing we
course of course so do you have I can
answer any questions you might have
oh that's much better than a game of I
do not play I spy with someone who is
omniscient well know cuz you have to
guess what I'm spying I Spy something at
the center of the universe billowing in
clouds of chaos with tuneless horns
constantly heralding its appearance the
dreadlord as a thought
the rules are it's gotta be something in
the room snaps his fingers and you are
floating in outer space
this isn't a room and around you are
just miasmas of cosmic dust and vapor
and at the center of it is some sort of
horrible undulating globe that is
surrounded by these tiny globes that
make this noise that sounds like the
ringing of a thousand broken bells we
can go back to the discussion you wanted
to have we can do that instead and
you're back in the passageway please be
careful what you say to this fellow I
just said that his suggestion was better
than a game of I spy let's just already
question them and then I tried to play I
spy with you but no but I already said
that your suggestion was better than
that but you felt you understood the
rules of the game better than I our
black fellow fella I do have a question
are you physically here or is this some
sort of mental projection that you're
using to speak to us what a curious
question what does it matter
if I'm here will you stab me oh I guess
we got several weapons would you like to
shoot me I suppose I'm just confused for
some reason I thought that you perhaps
were asleep somewhere but seems that you
are here oh I think I know what you're
talking about
I died in the Dreamlands
oh I was killed by Octavian I have a
series of questions actually now yes
what is the Dreamlands he snaps his
fingers and you are in this beautiful
green rolling fields and there are seven
rabbits oh wait only six rabbits now um
no you told us that all the EMAs were
dead it's like we're in Ireland oh
that's right all the all the images are
dead the others are dead so you're in a
museum an unending museum with just
everything on the wall says it donated
by professor Joan oh I forgot Joan's
last name what is Joan's name ma'am
lamb ever donated by Professor John lamb
and there are just and now your
throat up takes you through a hall he
says these are all rifles and there are
all these like super fancy looking
rifles there and you died here coo-wee I
was my my my VIP my vet my visit here
was ended yes I'll take one of those
rifles all right yeah help you help
yourself give one to Flint as well hey
here Oh hold on let me let me have a
look white these are really sorry I have
another question can we take rifles from
a dreamland they will not carry forward
into when we return to reality no okay
they might be of some use here okay I
will make sure that no Emma harms you
you mean the one who destroyed the
universe I mean that's only one of the
many Emma's that exist here in fact
neither Chris is Emma Prime and that's
why I have to end her all right I'm not
gonna ask about that whole thing you're
you're alive what about the other four
aspects of yourself are they also active
alive speaking whatever it is that you
do well sadly you you were involved in
the the putrescent King maggots for the
live career yes the lord of maggots has
been has been sheltered and and trapped
inside the pyramid in peru which you you
were party to i was neither chris
neither Chris or is she am a prime what
yes I shouldn't have asked but the other
four vestiges of my of myself are active
one of them is in front of you in its
glorious magnificence the bloated woman
is in Shanghai ruins there's a bloody
tongue in Kenya hmm the sand bat is in
Australia what the hell is he talking
about the five faces of himself whatever
that's means I am one of many not as
how much time do we have here before
your dramatic entrance time works very
differently here good way or bad way yes
I see would you prefer to wait in the
passageway and perhaps not ask questions
like what is the dream lens again I
think I was just making pleasant
conversation very well he snaps his
fingers in your back and then hurts like
the - crocodile guys are littles these
passageways have existed under the sands
of Egypt since time immemorial my uh
when I was first sealed inside that
pyramid by those fools I used these
passages to bring my people to me to
free me it took centuries and then
finally that nice Carlisle man struck
the final blow to free me is he alive
still like Carlisle fella
Carlisle is alive yes and the rest of
the members of his party are they all
alive
yes are they in Shanghai in a fashion
well that's troubling they are they're
and you Donnell have now learned one of
the rules of the game I have to answer
truthfully questions you ask me it's
where's yes to the rules of the game as
soon as I have the headdress of eyes
where's Carlisle no not in his right
mind
does he is he is he yes
his body or his mind its body his body
is in Australia and where is his mind
Shanghai that fella Brady is he in
Shanghai yes do you know how to prevent
the upcoming Armageddon yes would you
like to start well no I don't ask if you
want to share please tell us how all you
have to do is stop me how do we stop you
well ceiling mean a pyramid was
remarkably effective for several
centuries is that the only what I mean
you could kill me can you be killed
oh yes there are any remotely realistic
methods for us to do this Oh No what
sort of well how many explosives do you
have access to require probably get it a
girl from the military you might need
them all is there a magical means that
we would that we could use
to see your way out of the capstone well
pardon me
your friends have part of the capstone
your friends on the boat they have the
means to stop me so isn't it great that
I'm sending you to help them it's beachy
pressure thought so you're behind the
world ending in about a year yes the
world's I mean ending it's simply a new
beginning when as a thought comes forth
and unleashes his beautiful devastation
upon all of reality all will be reborn
in true chaos that's bad for us isn't it
it's not good this is an uncomfortable
conversation why why did that woman on
NIDA Chris what does she want policy
what is it the book that is so important
to her my beautiful wife at least half
of her believes that al Aziz has rituals
in it that will make her the true queen
of the Nile she has plans tonight
to summon horrible awful things the
Carlisle's they well actually I believe
it was Penn Hugh who summoned the
children of the desert and tonight night
Chris wishes to do the same and then
overthrow the government and take over
Egypt she's she's really not nearly
cosmic enough she's so interested in
terrestrial power it's unbecoming
frankly
I do wonder something ever since you're
asking these questions or answering
these questions for us why do you need
these humans to bring you back it seems
you're already here why are these people
that you employ they're not bringing me
back I'm a herald I am The Herald of the
old gods
they're bringing as a thought back as a
thought the emperor of the gods to
unleash his majestic chaos upon the
universe and if these simple humans
don't do whatever ritual it is that they
are all intending to do if they fail to
do it as a whatever this fellow's name
is the a fellow he would simply continue
to sleep yeah yes but really you should
focus on stopping me of course of course
this is a very awkward conversation then
you have to stop you I'm happy to help
are you yes why because the laws of the
universe are immutable you're happy to
help Donald Lee you understand what he's
it's quite simple I am bound by the
first rule to answer all of your
questions truthfully your actions will
only help you in defeating me I must
answer them but why are you happy as
you are like monkeys looking at a
waterwheel something's happening
but you have no idea what what happened
last time that the monkey stopped here
what was it did they see love doing it
caromed
they sealed me in a pyramid it took a
thousand sorcerers and that bastard
Octavian
so they cast some sort of ritual that
the pain do essentially the capstone
it's always the eye of light and
darkness in some form tell us more about
the capstone the the idiots on the boat
have half of it and they're trying to
get the other half in Shanghai that
means it isn't showing honey house is
that right but what is it
no that is not right and where is it in
Shanghai who has it someone close to
but what is the capstone exactly look
it's not a stone that caps a pyramid but
it's more than that it can steal you yes
it can seal me and when the eye of light
and darkness is complete and it caps a
pyramid then I am trapped in that tomb
but only the black Pharaoh vestige is
sealed that way well the maggot fellow
was also sealed away with something
similar to that work still three other
do we have to see of all five versions
of yourself are you a student of history
do you know of ancient proto Chinese
pyramids I'm afraid I don't
hmm I can make a history rule I that
seems unlikely but even a broken clock
is Right twice a day
no I don't yes I do
oh all right so I just rolled a four
again Wow so yeah there are there are
pyramid-like structures in each of those
civilizations in Kenya in Australia in
so the Aboriginal stuff and in and in
China and and each of those pyramid has
a method of sealing yes
so pyramids are first ceiling gods
yes that's logical okay so if I ever
build a pyramid it's going to be to see
I'm not okay they have other uses as
well but principally they're very useful
for ceiling gods yes that means that the
others still there's three others that
have to be sealed oh it's time and the
camera cuts to the truck
so before said stops he pulls the
truck over to the side of the road and
he's like this is as close as we can
drive she's going to have men everywhere
we can try and sneak into the plantation
is there a good way to go about that
sneaky they just give him a look most of
these most academic yeah most of these
sorts of places tend to have mmm at
least one way in and out but there
should be another entrance for supplies
and stuff if only we done some
reconnaissance and we knew what the
layout was the plans from yes very you
have some very old plans and there's a
front gate and there is a back gate yes
okay okay so let's try for the back gate
cuz I'm assuming that's where all
supplies come in so you start to sneak
at one point you find a vista point
where you're on a dune that overlooks
this large cotton plantation that is
very well lit it appears that in the
backyard there is a massive bonfire that
has just been is just started burning
okay and how many people do we see you
you see
probably dozens of figures around the
bonfire okay and is there an easy like
can we figure out an easy way to get in
if we cope you know if we sneak in this
side and skirt along the fence and you
know etc can we like along the back and
most people's attention is now on the
bonfire and there'd be a place that we'd
want to hide and kind of wait to get our
moment yeah yeah I mean you have a truck
you could you know drive a truck in but
before what do you what do you need to
perform the ceremony how close do you
need to be I just need to be close
enough to throw this powder on night
icarus after saying the words of power
oh that's super close very close
got it oh that's not truck driving up to
the back door close it's far enough away
that she can't you know stab me
hopefully depends on how well you can
throw mm-hmm I mean I've thrown a lot
like so he starts making ups and and
like practicing how far the sand goes
Wow the wind really affects this it's
like over it I'm just like i I can't I
can't
it's it's too much I'm more I've become
more concerned about this ritual now how
long does it take you to say the words
the words are very easy seconds but
the throwing boy that's really hard like
right next to her how much powder do you
have does it have to be you who said
puts the powder or can all three of us
have some powder and whoever gets the
closest gets her I have two uses of the
powder here okay I have this is the
powder of Eton gosh there exists perhaps
only ten uses of this on the entire on
the entire planet that doesn't give us
much room for error this is priceless
and getting rid of her is is a good use
of it so is there any way we could
potentially find her alone before the
ceremony I mean approaching her you know
so my two thoughts yeah I was would say
my two thoughts are the first is if we
were in disguised as other cultists that
would allow us easier access to wander
around and potentially a close tour and
second can we do the ceremony in a
private space before the ceremony hat
I'm sorry can we recite the words before
the ceremony happen so that we can well
know that the words must be said as the
the powder is thrown but before the
ceremony with the bonfire I'm assuming
some yes if I could if I can throw it on
her at any time she will be a dispel
okay so we should act quickly before
more people get here what time is it
look at my wristwatch it's 10:30 okay so
we've have an hour before this place is
full of people yeah there's already
several dozen in there I'm gonna know do
you think there's gonna be who knows I
have no idea all I know is that we need
to find her quickly hey was that
stairway in the sand there earlier and
no that stairway was not there where in
the name of God did you come from
where's the black Pharaoh oh he's not
there he's not there
when you look back the the stairs just
descendants and dumb like tell me
something that I know it's you and not
somebody else I hardly know you
good enough what are you two doing here
right now I have the powder of even gosh
yeah neither Kris what exactly you know
did you get any did you get a
reconnaissance where did where did that
come from I believe that you're some
crazy magician what not happening out of
some magical weird stairs but we were
brought here by the it's part of an
arrangement he's going to destroy Maddie
gross do we know who that is you can
make a Cthulhu Mythos roll lucky he
doesn't have that well to give you
the rundown turns out the thing that is
going to bring about the end of the
world in about a year is the thing that
the black Barrow is one of five aspects
of okay apparently an Emma that
destroyed another universe is all in
nighta Chris and he doesn't like that
Emma so much so I guess he's gonna kill
her again and then a hundred years try
to bring nice back later what you're
telling me is this is just a marital
dispute right now that we've literally
walked into the middle of touch
and that in exchange for part of this he
wants Donnell to get a headdress
that the lunatics who set up this mess
before have we're anything is that I
can't I couldn't hear anything either I
want to kill my wife jewelry that has
there's a million million stories of you
know lockets that have power and stuff
like that it's maybe it's something like
that except it's what this I'm sorry
what did you call him he's a black
Pharaoh he's a one of the aspects of
this other ancient it's very complicated
that God has like five different faces
or five different personalities and this
is one of them there and this particular
one is a very chatty very very talkative
and apparently part of the rules of this
eternal game that they play is that he
has to answer questions truthfully when
we ask him questions so somewhere
Alexandra does burst out laughing at the
idea of the black Pharaoh being chatty
sounds kind of like an idiot I mean to
be all to just again let's just back it
up so this guy wants to kill his wife
wants to bring about some other God like
why are you helping him I'm actually now
more inclined to help nighty Chris and
I'm sorry doctor a safe just just told
bear with me here for a second you must
not listen to anyone named Emma here's
the thing night of Chris's goal this
evening is to bring forth some sort of
army of terrible creatures which are
going to descend upon Egypt in Cairo
destroy all the the human rulers of this
area is putting herself in power and be
them the immortal and
actual leader of this area of these
people and a horrible display of
violence and tragedy and death and blood
and confusion going on an otherworldly
murder spree so there is a good reason
to well and that it compared to I'm
gonna bring about another plague - you
know to basically sublimate Egypt versus
what did the black Pharaoh want to do he
wants us to recover a piece of jewelry
let's back up to the five aspects piece
of what does he want to do yeah he wants
to do things that will almost certainly
bring about the end of humanity entirely
but yet somehow we're gonna kill this
poor woman know who he's going to if you
doctor doctor doctor does the powder
work on a black Pharaoh in theory really
I'd like to see it ride I've never I
would what if it fails this sounds like
someone who could dismiss you with a
thought but we would still have to lock
him up with that seal that seal the
Keystone the eye of light and darkness
okay he called it too much too much
going on we have a job that we were sent
here to do we were sent here to clean up
after Alexandria and the rest of them
and get rid of this Natick Chris fellow
lady so let's focus on that because that
was the job that we were sent here to do
and as Alexander Donnell he Donaldson
say focus on that the chanting starts I
don't have much time you hear the very
from the plantation the sounds of people
chanting and Yuya lating screams every
once in a while no don't look so we cut
here the manor house where
yo you hear people start chanting and as
soon as you hear that there's a knock on
your door and one of the gentlemen one
of the guards opens it says something in
you're on mute Joan Julie Joe Joe Tony
time he says something any motions for
you to come right that's good ok so you
are you are escorted to the back door of
the house through the house and waiting
for you there is Minister a thief like
this very few people get to see what you
are about to see and you have you
have the best seat in the house I mean I
got the best seat in the house I'm just
supposed to be witnessing this right of
course so how did I get the best seat in
the house are you gonna be with me
you're coming with me I will be with you
all right come with me so he leads
you out the door opens and in front of
you is just a horrifying sight the there
is a massive bond fire that is burning
and dancing around it are people who
like are in various states of undress
but all wearing those white robes and
they are dancing and chanting this
horrible tuneless song they are cutting
themselves so there's a lot of like
slicing their hands and then flinging
their blood on the fire and it's just
this consent there two or three
concentric circles of people dancing
and the ones on the outside are fleeting
blood on the ones on the inside and then
the ones on the inside are actually
flinging blood into the fire and every
time blood hits the fire there's like a
noticeable like just a burst up of lanes
right so I get the pew in the back right
yes come with me you you will not be
only cultists are allowed in the
ceremony right so here we go annex you
up on a little dais and there's a chair
there and he says and here is your chair
I will stand by your side huh so where's
everybody else we're all the other Oh
the Queen will be here shortly
okay and you are the only guest everyone
else is in the cult oh I thought they'd
be more gifts oh and in what is the the
man himself who is the man himself I
thought she said she was getting married
tonight
oh well if you know when we are
successful then yes that will happen the
beasts that the beasts that live in the
fields will rise up when we are
completed and they will march on Egypt
and take over the country so that my
Queen may rule as she truly deserves I
thought I was put here for a marriage I
thought was gonna see her get married to
her so and so and what the heck already
she is the consort of the black Pharaoh
they they have been married for
millennia oh the way she was talking
about it's like he they were gonna have
some kind of well maybe it's a remarried
ceremony but this is this is just no say
they're renewing their vows but so
but wait what's this about them about
animals coming up and you've not sat in
the chair yet right
no okay no I'm sitting down I'm not I'm
just I'm talking him yes
wait he's being very there's no you're
not getting any sense of like aggression
from him or yeah no I need okay there's
gonna be animals sand what the jackets
forward to keep me safe from the annals
I'm very sorry
Josephine but I made it clear the robes
are only four members of the cult you
had your opportunity what so who's gonna
think about it
would you like to swear unyielding
fealty to the cloak to the cult of the
black Pharaoh you know I had fealty to
my MA and my dad and they're not around
anymore
so no I'm not gonna and we stood right
here and watch of course
I'll stand right by your side alright so
um it is not a fun thing to watch and
some you take a you take a look at your
at your pocket watch and it's about
11:15 when the chanting kicks into high
gear right so we cut back to the crew
outside how are you getting into the
plantation you think you can sneak along
the side and maybe get to that back gate
mm-hmm but do you have our guns no we
didn't expect to see you here you were
supposed to be back at the army base
didn't we take their guns yeah and
brought their guns yeah bag you only
brought all the guns oh we just need a
vantage point from out here we have to
throw the powder on NIDA Chris in order
to stop her it's difficult that come to
find the blockburger will stop her we
just have to deal with the rest of the
problems that are happening here
so what night off the the worshipers I
mean I'm not even sure what we're doing
the black Pharaoh is apparently gonna
show up and take care of everything I
mean after that we just have to clean up
the cultists that's
all right there's a lot of them and
there's four of us everybody make a spot
hidden roll and let me know if you get a
hard success that's why I said we need
to find a good vantage point out here is
I think better than well it wasn't a
fumble but it's close
for to get a hard success I'm I means
anyway I just have what you mean
spending luck
yeah spend for luck to get hard success
cuz who's good who's good at spot hidden
let's just do a real role of inspiration
don't I have a 72 dude we're all it's
truly you've met me right we wanted to
happen
luck is a sure thing amy is another kind
of sure thing
amy is the other constant someone else
tried a few fails just go forward 30 I'm
like my heart success is a 36 and I'm in
a 47 eastern half of 72 is 35 is 30 yeah
36 yeah okay fine I'll spend it he
becomes the critical fumble right by the
way you guys I'm just gonna say that I
intentionally broke the world I rolled a
critical fumble and that's what broke
the world it wasn't me it was dice we
don't even know that the EMA and the
other team is the one that did it we
just know that there's a horrible Emma
she there's multiple or her in the dream
land and that damn not true we saw the
picture I rolled the six nice all right
so no don't even with us not only does
find the perfect vantage point to like
look out over things she also remembers
the Robertson oculars in the truck okay
I was like I get four robes my
binoculars on me from the from the a you
probably do yeah well no they probably
Stockton's one of the many dropping our
waters so seriously Thomas you want
to look you see this six right here is
he calling shenanigans
yet I'm fine with it Oh what number was
it Thomas there you go I I would never
question you so yeah with the with
the binoculars you see Joe standing on a
podium with the interior minister like
watching all of the the dancing going on
and everyone said well they seem to be
having a polite conversation and
every and and then people are dancing
around and slicing themselves up and
horrible things are happening down there
so should I pick off that guy first
who's leading all this is their leader
that we see you don't see NIDA Chris and
not only that too if you start with one
we should all have someone in our sights
to shoot right away because just because
you get one
I don't need how many are down in the
pit I don't count let's see three
circles of twelve each so there are
thirty-six people who are I have a
handgun Emma I can't shoot that far yeah
that's what I'm saying well we're still
better off an advantage point out here
picking as many off as we can while they
try and run off off it would take them a
while to get to you at the very least
I've got a couple shotguns in that bag
as well if you want to use those
shotguns are not great at long range
when they come in close yeah yeah
when they come in close I'd rather use
but we've got to get the professor past
the on onslaught of the three of the
cultists like we have to sneak him past
sneaking might be an issue well so so so
I want to look down at the
the circles of cultists they're focused
on that fire right
almost yeah mana they are maniacally
focused you know it might actually be
possible to sneak in closer they're
focused so there's no one groups we'd
have to worry about them the moment you
throw your dust it's all over running
out looking for that language but the
moment I throw that dust nida chris is
dispelled and I get to go home safely
and have cookies is what I hope well
here's the problem with that if we are
in the middle of all of that and we
dispel their queen have you seen a nest
of Angry Hornets before but that's why
I'm gonna have cover my stealth is like
68 nice I get a bonus like can I help
the professor if I take him with me and
we sneak down there you can get yeah if
you make a stuff oh I'll give him a
bonus die on his and then I just need
cover from up top yeah we're getting set
up right why'd you say Donna
we provide her cover fire when she needs
it is this our plan yeah I'm not getting
I'm getting set up on the vantage point
you found all right yeah so so do you
want me to go in with Emma and provide
close quarters
well three is not bad actually
mechanically I have a 40 in stealth okay
that's not bad
and then I rank my quietness on a scale
of 1 to 1
I would think bad if you had to quantify
it in stealth school I got a C+ solid
c-plus so yeah it sounds like you
guys have a plan about 11:30 by the time
you by the time the sneakers get down to
the gate so at that point I'm gonna ask
for stealth rules yeah Emma if you make
yours that will give the professor of
bonus guy what number is this
actually I need inspiration because that
didn't
oh well it's just a normal success
that's fine okay yeah all right the
professor will take that bonus die
happily mm-hmm
I will allow you to use inspiration he
got a 6/10 yes I tell you what his skill
is but it's not 60 you know let's use it
all right
well a naught 3 is much better
qualitative so ego these are the gate
and Emmas like let me show you how to be
quiet and all of the sudden he's the
knight like damn
after three words from Emma he's just
disappeared oh I see you could teach
me motivational schools his no he's a
magician no the three of you need to
make luck rolls cool thank God I got a
six I I made not I didn't make it that
well but I made it 90 day night at Chris
basically comes in like lays in my arms
and falls asleep
it'll be okay I'm a problem no you have
no problem of waiting avoiding the the
you and the doctor who rolled a 9 have
no problem avoiding the the the cotton
fields Boylston you at one point brush
up against some of the cotton and
something snarls and like there's like a
kind of the cotton starts to shake and
head towards you and you like quick you
quickly scamper away from there but
there is there is something in the
cotton you don't know what and it's not
it's not a person yeah you guys have
album a Joe make me a spot hidden rule
and at some point they're backlit do you
see a red dot oh my god fine
whoa nice so you you managed to see
Boylston you don't see it were the
professor because they are the night but
um you see Boylston like scamper away
from the from the cotton field and when
he does that you see Emma and dr. Cofer
as well briefly but they are sneaking
around at 11:45 NIDA Chris steps out of
the house and walks up to the dais where
you are still no robe that's a shame I
would I so hoped you would join us do
you mind if I sit down
you gonna stay here sure there's one
chair yeah go ahead
she sits down and she spends about five
minutes just very like almost
ecstatically watching all of these
people dancing and when she sits down
like the dance tempo picks up like the
chanting and the dance starts to get
into like almost whirling dervish
intensity they are just going I'm gonna
yeah
so Gemma and Doyle s'en and the
professor you are you have come all the
way around so you're behind the dais
where an Ida Chris is sitting okay
I mean I'm gonna exchange a look with
with Emma because I can we can see each
other in the firelight right yeah I'm in
history exchange look with Emma and then
like indicate that and that will flank
before Wow well while he gets up there
and does and does the beam okay he gets
none of that okay he's just like he's
waiting basically what he knows is when
you give him the symbol he's running up
on the platform and throwing powder at
her fair okay are we ready to give him
the signal
yeah I say we give him the signal now
I'm like okay you do that
he runs up he makes a throw roll so Joe
you
probably want to use some inspiration on
them okay so oh that was an Emma
oh forget San Emma he fumbled so Jo you
see some motion out of the corner of
your eye and you hear you you hear
minister Osito
what and dr. Kapoor runs up the steps
puts his hand in a velvet red bag pulls
back he pulls back his hand and the bag
is still on his hand and then he goes
like this and the bag just sort of falls
limply to the ground and he's got some
like red he goes no and he's like trying
to grab red sand out of his hand as it's
like sprinkling out and neither chris
just looks at him and goes like that and
make me a luck roll Joe and actually
also Doyle s'en and Emma make me luck
rolls Hardy yeah all right extreme
columns he made it don't see that
befores mouth is still moving and his
it's it's 11:00 it's 11:50 black furrows
Carib not across well but our friends
are there so maybe we don't wait which
target do you want NIDA Chris okay
mystery fella all right Joe what do you
got so you can react as the before runs
up tries to throw this nighty Chris just
gestures and his head falls off only um
I'm actually gonna go run down okay used
you take off running a thief is gonna
try and grab you so make a dodge roll
actually don't bother it turns out that
bureaucrats are not good at this sort of
thing he like to grab an acrobat
actually fumbles at you as you running
by and yeah we're gonna go into
initiatives here we go around to aim hmm
ready to fire arms come on you might
open you both have readied firearms my
Dex is 50 on initiative all right so I'm
1 130 initiative all right what are we
aiming we're taking away we're taking
down you can take the round to aim if
you want no you're you you you have them
ready but not aim yeah maybe you want to
take the red this time to aim then
you'll have you can be all the bonus die
next time but anyway plus 50 year Dex so
I'm gonna start at one 40s I don't know
what Flint's Dex is I don't remember
well I'm gonna I'm gonna aim anyways
okay so you're eight then 130
I'm also aiming his will this turn okay
you both aim on a hundred night Achra
stands up and in a voice that echoes
throughout the canyon all around you um
she she she says blood will bring forth
the children of the sand and she grabs
Minister a thief and just cracks his
head to the side and his neck just goes
drunk there's like a horrible cracking
noise and she throws his body into
the fire and the all of the cotton
fields start to rumble Donnell changes
target now or do you say I want a shot
at him soon Oh Jo Jo got ninety so um
I'm actually going to try to run down
and grab one of those coats
from one of the dancers so you're gonna
go take a robe off one of the cultists
the ministry using isn't anymore oh yeah
he got thrown in the fire so I'm not
gonna do that nobody do Dan and I'm
gonna I'm gonna make me a strength
rolled with a bonus die and that's uh
I do the yeah the tens okay oh yeah did
you get a hard success I'm heavy oh crap
I'm having a hard time interpreting this
so what what did you what are the two
times that you got all right so I got I
got a ten and a zero zero and I got a
zero well I'm gonna take the ten hundred
yeah yeah so I'm guessing that's a hard
success depending on what your strength
is but yes yeah yeah it's well it's
an extreme it's an extreme success so
you yank the like the person is dancing
and like their rope was kind of hanging
off them halfway anyway and you just
throw them to the ground and yank their
robe off and you now have a cultist robe
yes 80s 70s 60s it's the it's it's Doyle
sim than Emma all right all right roll
your handgun made it roll you're damaged
oh the 1d 10+2 hmm go ahead it's a ten
so you do ten points of damage tonight
Oh Chris all right so there is a KaBlam
and neither Chris likes taggers forward
a little bit and like looks back at you
look right back at her yeah okay Emma
I'm gonna try and grab is there anything
left and I'm gonna grab the powder bag
and see if I can throw powder at her
okay making intelligence roll
yeah cuz I don't know this and the stats
yeah I don't know if there's powder in
there oh I miss it because it's a grave
so yeah you pick you picked the bag up
hmm you throw the bag in her and the bad
like smacks on her and dust falls down
and she looks at you and she smiles and
she says a powder of even gosh is
useless without the words of power yeah
there it is and at that point as she
says that you hear a another voice
that echoes throughout the canyon saying
not only there are others who know the
words of power and the black Pharaoh is
standing behind Knight Icarus and as he
shows up the dancing stops everything
stops and all of the dancers immediately
just turn their jaws a gate and stare as
their God is standing before them and
there it is silent now except for the
crackling of the fire and he the black
Pharaoh like runs our hand across nighta
chris's jaw and he says my love my love
and then his hand goes right through her
sternum and he has her heart and he
pulls it back out of her and she has
this shocked look on her face as she has
just been betrayed by her husband and
she dropped slowly to her knees and
she's just looking up at him wordlessly
mouthing something and then she falls
forward and the black Pharaoh takes her
heart and puts it in a bag and then he
looks up at the sniper's nest where you
guys are
just nods and then disappears into a
cloud of scarabs that scamper away yeah
several things happen at this point all
the roads that the cultists were
whipping turn into those clouds of
scarabs well and disappear so the thing
in your hands Joan turns into a cloud of
scarabs and disappears and the rumblings
from the cotton fields become a lot
louder so wait I think you're first yeah
I'm just taking no I think Donald Donald
all right with a 130 yeah do it
are there any targets that aren't
cultists any strange creatures anything
like that you know there's like you see
cotton kind of like rippling and stuff
okay is it possible to delay my action
so I see a target sure you're gonna if
you see something that is so if you see
something that is non-human you will
shoot it that's what I'll do okay clean
I'm gonna take a shudder to call this
okay you blow a cultist away okay you
three are what Joan this is a surprise
to you but all of a sudden there's a
bidet and a cult just just dives off to
and I see I see I see dr. Doyle sin' and
and yeah yeah just get out of here let's
go yeah all right so at this point I
think actually we don't need to deal
with initiatives if you guys are gonna
run all three of you make me luck rolls
yep I would like to yell a car at the
front door yes barely 0:07 I didn't make
it luck roll which is hard because I
know I'm line of I was in 94 so I didn't
fumble but I didn't make it
how about we inspire that your chances
are great yeah yeah yeah 24 now okay
much better so everybody made the left
rules so you all so basically you make a
beeline for that back gate
wait okay I shout something as they're
doing that sure before still alive get
his head and body you hear you faintly
hear before still alive I'm gonna look
at I'm gonna I'm gonna look at the head
and the body that are separated from
each other all right I'm gonna make you
an offer okay save before but it's
gonna delay you long enough that you're
gonna be involved with the things from
the field from the cotton so I'll cover
you so anybody who wishes to stick
around the three of you to save before
let me know Emma's already gone yep my
strengths that fit thirty-five I'm not
picking anybody up know that that's the
guy who gave me the the book I'm gonna
try yell at me if you yell or I'm gonna
be like Joe he needs our help
a grab his head there we all right so go
ahead on the body you handle the head
all right
so Emma you what a head towards the back
gate you are fine guys who are
covering both of you make me rifle rolls
oh here we go
I do have something I want to do on my
next turn all right three oh four oh
four nice oh yeah I just got a regular
if I can hey both of you shoot all right
so there are awful black shapes
emerging from the cotton fields and
starting to wade into the cultists we
don't worry tarting to like devour them
one of them was heading kind of by
Joe is and you both just go blam blam
there are two rifle shots
Donald's in fairness being the more
impressive but it took to to drop it and
it drops and so Joe you here to rifle
shots behind you both of you who are
saving him you grabbed his head so make
me a spot hidden role Joe yes so you
pick up his head and you make the
mistake of looking at it and he is his
eyes are open and cringed with terror
and he's just he's mouthing words to you
make me a sanity roll yeah yes all right
you lose one sanity you know Boylston
you have the less fun job of carrying
the body so you like fireman's carry
this body up as you do that you notice
and you're sort of in a weird detached
clinical way as you pick it up you're
like huh that is a completely cauterized
slice on the neck there is no blood at
all hmm that's kind of fascinating I
should get the hell out of here maybe he
wasn't the Great War that's right yeah
make me a strength rule yes all right so
you are you are like fireman's carrying
the body which is a little lighter now
like jamming through there and with the
cover of Flint and Donnell I'm just
gonna and Emma you had something you
wanted to do yep so if when I make it
back to the truck I would either like to
find the empty gas tank
like if they have an extra gas tank
because I'm assuming it's one of those
Safari trucks that would have gas tanks
and things like that if not type in the
gas and like this filled on fire cuz
this is our job and we are here to torch
this mother down all right yeah you can
easily do that you find a gas tank and
you come running down with a gas taking
a lighter as Boylston and Jo come
running back up with the two parts of
doctor Khufu and you just start dousing
and the part of the field the horrible
things are destroying the the cultists
they are they they don't seem to be
leaving the compound okay but yes sir
you start a merry fire yep but you don't
want to get too close into the compound
so you just start the fire here and let
it take them go that way into the field
where the cotton start still right
naturally and just build that way you
know did we get a glimpse at one of
those things do we have an idea of do
you know what kind of it you you have
you have the choice if you if you want
to have seen one you will have seen one
if you wish to studiously avoid it you
will have studiously avoided it he's
seen a parrot shark probably a good idea
to just like her eyes and keep right
there killing there killing those those
gosh don't dam cultists oh I'm good yes
but what happens next well we're gonna
fire then we're gonna kill it kill them
later
yeah all right so you all are back at
the truck driving back towards Cairo I
want to know actually I want to go I
would like everybody we need to circle
around and encircle and have a fire and
circle this entire compound we cannot
let this entire compound exist this
whole thing needs to be burned to the
ground her per there's a big bonfire
bonfire there already correct so we
could Rogers thank you / Rogers / Rogers
directive yeah you're in keep shooting
as long as I can see things to shoot I
drop the body off and go and help her
set things on fire
yeah setting the fire no problem you go
around the front and you you
managed to like throw flaming stuff into
the house you get close enough to do
that a flint one thing you notice is
that the the things in the fields are
not leaving the compound they're
destroying all the cultists but I will
shoot them after they yeah you you can
like you can sit there and ping on them
all you want but the important part is
they're not they're not leaving the
compound they have been they're still
contained here they were not released by
the ritual and yes as you all come up
and and come back together on the rise
the plantation is burning like nobody's
business there's probably going to be
some very unfortunate firemen at some
point but not your problem
so you have that sitting he's gonna take
a while for anyone to notice yeah so you
um yeah you head back towards Cairo at
this point dr. Kapoor is lie his body
is lying in the back of the truck his
head is sort of tucked into his arm so
it doesn't roll around some of you will
have to be in the back of the truck yeah
I'm familiar with this yeah link
twice you guys might know how to
reattach the head I'm the doctor in the
group I would want to have a look and
alright you have never seen anything
like this his head he has removed
from his body yet he lives and his body
is breathing it's magic don't think
about it magic perfect we're fated we
don't know how to fix this Flint we
don't have the the power to reattach
this does this guy know any sir blink
twice if you happen to know a spell to
reattach a magically remove head back to
its body okay we're gonna have to take
him to Rogers is just gonna shoot him in
the head no Will Rogers knows a
do I know that this is the guy that we
were sent to talk to about the book
he was your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he was one of your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
well no wait the other guy was yeah we
were sent to him by our contact yeah
Boylston who is this fellow its dr.
Cofer he's the one who's the professor
of a cult that I've lost his name the
anglicized Egyptian guy it's obvious
Donald that you when you met him he had
his head on
so it was there anyone else we could
talk to that might know how to fix this
fellow why are we fixing him we should
fix him by putting him out of his misery
this is unnatural and it needs to be
destroyed
Pilate was was fixed our product was the
same thing happened to our pilot yes
that's why we were gone why we were
doing our fly by night Oh Christie
capitated our pilot Oh what what you
just saw it like you shouldn't be
surprised look there's a decapitated
body right here this is okay here's the
thing I'm not terribly surprised about
that because she's anyway you had two
decapitated bodies today I need to get
that away from both of you this one
didn't happen near me and that's why I
didn't go on the compound
maybe you dealt with this before yes
we're done yeah Oh has that has that
fellow got in his head reattached oh yes
how when does a hand I don't think he
minds is there anyone else who knows
this sort of magic why would we know
that we got to Egypt yesterday gone
tonight at Chris's stuff for the books
to find out how she did that and gotten
I don't care compound burned
end of story case closed Colorado's done
move it on we drop the rest of the mess
and Rodgers his lap Oh
all of those creatures that are in the
compound oh I shot most of them the job
is done yeah jobs done yeah I won't
literally walking around with a head
with a head that's screaming and a body
that silently screaming he's not he's
not drawing any attention I'm but he
knew spells you could still owe someone
else who knows the spells perhaps the
person who can fix him yeah he's given
bets give him let's give him back to the
the God because if we came back to
Rogers then he can deal and then if then
he can use him Rogers is gonna deal with
not just this back one what so he's a
lot he's breathing he's screaming we're
bad we are bad soldiers if we leave this
problem for Rogers the most
conscientious and kind thing to do is
put him out of his misery but we didn't
do that before and that guy managed to
recover and go back to his wife who's
cheating on his wife so maybe maybe I
don't know saving this fellow he didn't
leave a man behind which is great if
there's something that can fix it great
if not maybe Rogers His infinite mercy
will put him of his misery have you met
Rogers yes I understand we asked this
black Pharaoh guy then you guys mean the
man who's obsessed with his ex-wife
killed her and now is obsessed with the
other lieutenants like Affairs just let
this guy go if there's a way to save him
I think we try I don't see one I hold on
top of the body just to see if make any
sound when I do that so with when you
put yeah actually when you put it down
Oh
can speak Oh so-so spells do you know
spells to fix this we should get the
duct hmm tell us how to do it well um
I mean I don't know a spell to put my
head back on but I can make a door
get you back to your place what would
that help us get us somewhere faster
well just what I know how to do I can
make a door you want to do some research
on attaching heads to bodies you like
pull his head off right before he starts
screaming again you know I could
probably sell that back and we could
make a brace there's a solution I mean
it's not a great solution but it's a
solution we could just tape yeah not
use that oh man I have to figure out
what Frankenstein was made right there
you go you can this will be a fun night
you head back to the hotel military base
you're making did Bernie zing this guy
yes yes he's so drunk well Millie you're
heading to the army base yes okay so
yeah you you the truck pulls up at the
army base when they start to like
figured out that if you they let you in
um and they they'll give you like a tent
you have a tent that you can go in and
so doctor make me a medicine roll oh
good as one would expect
regular success okay you you have
you have you so his head back on and
about halfway through is anybody not
in the tent when this happens I suspect
I'm the only one in the tent there's
gonna be there all right
Flint and Donnell are there all right so
this isn't even done than the worst sort
this isn't even the worst sort of sewing
suck it up he's not enjoying he is shut
up and suck it up but what was he but
was he was he feeling it before yes
probably oh yeah sharp piece of metal to
pull string to pull threads through your
skin it's going to hurt but it's going
to make it so you can talk give the man
some whiskey I'll put something for him
to bite on my thigh let's let's let's
try some whiskey just to see if you can
get it down his throat cuz I want to see
this it doesn't seep out but it just
fills his gargling oh yeah it's not
gonna get down there he's authorized
he's cauterized here but I can't drink
nope can't drink cuz I give her
something to bite down on he's miss like
um so you will come to find that doctor
calf or cannot he has no control over
his body he has control over his head um
and so you know he's like put in a
wheelchair basically and he's you know
an invalid but he's like I just I want
to go back to work
how about we get you back to the museum
and you start researching how to undo
what the Queen did to you yes cool I
would love to do that how is he gonna
hold a book someone can help him hold a
book there's plenty of urn of interns
around yes I'd really just not like to
be near fires or people with guns or
anything violent I just want a nice
quiet life you went into the wrong field
of study for that gun no one who wants a
nice quiet life works in a library
nobody who wants a nice quiet life can
make a door that goes out and anywhere
you want it to that's the real point
here fill that voodoo occult stuff need
to write faster so that night after
things have sort of quieted down you all
are sitting kind of in the tent just
like well what the hell just happened
and all of a sudden Donal dissolves into
forgot to mention something
Oh what exactly did you forget to
mention Flint he made a deal with the
black Pharaoh that after this the black
Pharaoh was going to send him to
Singapore Singapore Singapore what's in
keep track of these places no I say
Singapore yes yes what
a little unsure of the detail where I
don't know he's going after some sort of
headdress all right which will give him
powers
why why why did he make that deal that
doesn't help anything
I mean we've stopped to create an worse
problem in exchange
there was the killing of NIDA Chris okay
which again I'm not really condoning
husband's killing wives
not really and apparently be the thing
that pushed him far enough to make the
deal was that the black Pharaohs said
that if he got hit and the headdress he
would explain the rules to the game boy
okay what a mess the ending the earth
game all right well then we make our
report to Rogers Oh God
Oh him that Donnell is often [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
Singapore or something you know with
with a otherworldly God who's gonna
destroy the world cuz that was really
part of our job that was actually in the
rundown for the things you need to do
kill Nana Chris check make a deal with a
god to destroy the world
check good job bro oh now we know what's
gonna in the world did you that was
really your job what Chris yeah I know
Chris yes the rest of it was her being
facetious oh I don't think that's the
right word no I think it's not sarcastic
that is the right word I don't I bet
good money Donnell just chasin
Alexandria but that's none of my
business
Donaldson sips the tea and that I think
closes the book on the B team I'm screw
up something else that's Rogers is just
gonna put you on a boat
hi tomorrow so yeah that is that is the
B team so okay when we get done you can
do all your skill checks for these
characters from I guess we won't we
won't do any spoilers next week Donald
will be returning to the Great Dane
Society who knows what that means for
Yousef or for the headdress of eyes a
research assistant to help put his head
back on that's right well we'll burn
that bridge when we get to it Yusef
would be only too happy to sit in the
library and telegram you guys useful
information as he sits next to someone
with students teaching us magic so next
week we will be back to the Great Dane
Society as they arrive in Shanghai and
Nick will have to shave that's right
and Emmas dilemma this is actually the
right hair color and about the right
length for Alexandria so cool and I'll
probably have gained 5 pounds
so yeah that that is our story
first of all thank you everybody we had
so much inspiration tonight that you
Lewis away and it's it's all but three
of it is going in the old book 1515 go
feed that means that Monday Warren's
gonna get a giveaway yep any well yeah
so come watch on Monday 21 85 so yeah
our of the week the you guys tonight
triggered the book of inspiration you
know wonderful and a pan throw up again
thank you for those subscriptions that
was huge amazing
a lot of fun tonight so don't forget
Monday carbon 21 85 with a couple of the
folks here Tuesday's the Kaos agents
with one of the folks here then
Saturday we're back okay here to cause
more chaos and see what goes on I also
have some exciting news talon Sauron can
once again post in the forums if you'd
like to know his home address just tell
him he's gonna win something and he will
send it to anybody we've learned it's no
problem you will win a pizza hey I have
30 pizzas headed your way and oo
tonight's quotes there were several
let's see we have where else do you put
dead bodies but the closet it's not like
a normal cut-off head there they're here
to rescue us I think they're here to
capture us this is way worse than
cultists which is a pretty good title
this is also a fine title a bossy piece
of jewelry when he lost his head he
completely lost his head he's gonna kill
her again this is just a marital dispute
those would demonetised us so quickly a
bath she's going on an otherworldly
murder spree maybe the other world leave
helps that I don't know soon is who does
that even apply to because I feel like
that could be any character it's magic
don't think about it I love that one we
got to Egypt yesterday no one who wants
a quiet life works in a library
hey that's magic stuff I don't know and
a bossy piece of jewelry is pretty good
that's a good one don't think about it I
really love about yeah we should do that
one I do like don't lurk in the
library one cuz that is could be learn a
nut job that's true yeah that is very
Cthulhu that is very true well we
made another week let's do it again on
next Saturday thank you so much
everybody for spending part of your
and with us we had a great crowd tonight
and again I say this every week but this
is just good for my sanity you know
getting together laughing with you guys
having a great time for a couple of
hours and and forgetting that you know
the world is ending yes that's right
that's right so I really appreciate
these chances to play with you guys I
hope that we've given all of you a
chance to laugh a little and have some
fun that's why we do what we do and
someday we're gonna do it in a room with
each other again I for that day yes I
should warn you Tiana's a hugger so if
you see her be prepared except for that
one guy that's yeah anyway and we will
[Music]
