now I think Shanghai is just one more
place that we've accidentally blown up
destroyed can't stay I've got a week you
haven't even landed yet and when we're
already anticipating getting kicked out
so I have to say shouldn't we just
already plan for two hotels and if so
which hotels would we like to go to like
what's our like high-end medium and to
mediums
high and low what are we feeling good
names I think I think we go to a bunch
of threes three two fours oof so
there are a number of if you look at
that
map of Hong Kong that I said there
there's the International Quarter so
Hong Kong was basically separated by in
the beginning three powers Britain
France and England Britain Britain
France in the US and the Britain and the
u.s. quarters combined to become the
International Quarter and the French
kept their area the International
Quarter is the sort of most Western and
has the nicest hotels and most of the
good businesses and that sort of thing
the French Quarter is kind of the
lawless area of town so it's actually
the history of Hong Kong not to like go
off on a tangent but it's really kind of
sad and fascinating but basically the
the US Britain and France essentially
took over parts of the town and said
you're did I not say Shanghai Hong Kong
Hong Kong Shanghai took over parts of
the town and said only only our laws
matter here and they actually forced
through the Chinese with us the
crumbling zhh of the Chinese government
the law that said that in the
International quarter only American law
affected the people there and in the
English quarter only English law and
that sort of thing and so the the the
quarters were like what the lawless and
the China the Chinese were essentially
slaves and the 20s is the beginning of a
lot of upheaval there's even a slight
chance that Chiang kai-shek could be a
character in this in this module you
unintentionally but you know things will
happen
you haven't toppled the government yet
they tried in Egypt a little that was a
different group of people and I think we
were trying to stop the topple of the
government and I think we succeeded you
guys were told yeah that's right I'm I
have to remember that was the competent
group and now we have the the the Great
Dane Society with a bit of help from the
black Pharaoh just a little mean
help from my literal doing sex market uh
so but at what cost
so not list on load but the last time we
saw the Great Dane Society they were on
a boat as they will be and they they
were headed there they they did a job
before the Duchess they discovered a
scam art a scam artist who had a book of
some sort a a Methos tome that you guys
ended up taking and the headdress warned
you that it was like a beacon and that
it could shield you from sort of
everyone knowing you had that book but
that means that essentially Joan has to
have the book to do that
mm-hmm ah there's the headdress what was
the name of the book again is the
sinking of Atlantis or some believe it
was yeah mysteries of the deep yeah
mysteries of the deep that's what it was
yeah mr. Easley and and Emma has some of
it translated I don't know how far she
got in that so after you did the work
for the Baroness you have about a week
left on the ship so you all at the
end of the the last Great Dane session I
believe you all did your skill checks
can we for the b-team we'd wait for
the B team I don't think we did for the
know my stuff appears to be no I still
got one I think we did it like the one
before okay so before the Baroness
he will notify you so and I'm not sure
which one machine you're referring to
they could either one yes
formidable women all so the the trip you
have a another week on the boat you will
arrive in Shanghai on on believe it's
we decided April 25th 22nd and during
that time who's translating Emma's
translating the book it's in Latin Co
Emma make me another Latin word your
favorite will make you got like 90 or
something crazy it's maybe only 70
Thanks or I could just tamp the dice um
that's an odd seven I read the whole
damn book it's fine oh my gosh
yeah so yeah you have a full translation
of you have a full translation of
mysteries of the deep and it is a book
that a century
it tells as we talked about the fall of
Atlantis and sort of how how that all
happened and it it theorizes that there
are underwater colonies all over the
world that are waiting for the chance to
return to the surface and you know you
guys you guys have seen some fishman in
your game yeah why haven't we just
knowing the fish men would I have any in
the reading of this would I have any
empathy towards these colonies or I mean
does it have any birds I was under the
impression that this is like an example
of what not to do
this is yeah yeah this is so these
people were essentially Atlantis was
struck down for unthinkable knowledge
and whenever they were studying caused
this civilization to got it to descend
into the depths and the the fish man
that you saw you know we're not to
get specious about this but they were
not human like that was that was like
some human kind of or know I should say
inhuman sort of thing that's not to say
you know if we if we wanted to be sort
of
if we wanted to be modern about it we'd
say like oh they're an intelligent you
know we should reach out there an
intelligent lifeform but no they're they
were pretty awful god not only that -
it's like look if you if the wrath of
God came and like drowned your town yes
the other Emma in Salt Marsh would be
like I wonder if we could sell vacation
homes there she totally would to
Atlantis me nearly like it's all
beachfront property yep so you know a
couple of you have kept items from these
fish man like I believe professor Joan
you have a spear still yes and you have
some experience with quickly creating
paperwork that makes it look like
something is a legitimate archaeological
find yes though I would take any sort of
I don't know offer me like an let's make
it an archaeology rule okay or offer me
a role if you want to go up no
archaeology is probably one of the best
ones I was looking to see you know what
I had some foraging but I think
archaeology is this is the thing that I
need all right
oh yeah let's see and it is a hard but
not X so with a hard success I will give
you that you are able to put this
thing in a crate and you're able to
sneak all of your weapons in this crate
as well with a hard success it is not
it's not gonna be checked you're gonna
be able to so you can get all of your
yours you can sneak in all the good
stuff in there and and I think in the
book I'm going to hide in my in my
bedroll and things
okay sure clear as well
I'm sorry Joseph also took the fishing
spear so we're gonna put both of those
in the same box together right sure
okay and also things like the like
the rifle and maybe most of Alexandria's
knives because like hell is you're going
to be caught without at least - yeah it
is you know it is tricky normally to get
weapons through it there's bribes
involved let's see Joey plan John make
me a leper all right well Silvana don't
we have money don't we have like them
don't we have the expendables fund so
John you've actually been to China in
your travels and you you know you have a
taste of how utterly lawless is
crumbling Society is essentially around
1910 I'm not gonna say it I'm not gonna
actually say a date because I get it
wrong
but in the in the tens whatever
functioning federal government China has
essentially collapses largely due to the
United spirits but there is it's
essentially become regional regional
almost tribal people are making their
own money and using it in towns that
sort of thing it is it is a failed state
that has become like city states that
are propped up by most of the colonial
powers Japan in particular is a major
presence where they have they were at
the end of the Great War
Japan was granted all of Germany's
holdings in China and so Imperial Japan
has a large chunk of I want to say
eastern China and soon that will grow in
the future I would know how to to talk
to the people on the on the port and and
and you know show them my
papers with extra paper in there if you
know what I mean there you go yeah
that's you made a hearted you made a
hard success that is no problem you have
use you guys sail through customs so
Donald on April 14th he has the next
character on April 14th you step through
a door and you are in Shanghai China
you've never been to Shanghai China uh
make me a luck rule let's see 23 would
be a success online look nice hard
success
all right hard success so nobody really
kind of notices you are in the
International Quarter in the coming days
that you are in Shanghai you become you
know you you being being you and having
your job you sort of taste the town you
know and you you spend several times
Trott you spend it some time trying to
find where your friends are you know
like well maybe this hotel know maybe
this hotel let's see you know the fake
names they check in under and that sort
of thing and so your and you so you you
know you know everything that's on that
map there you've you've gotten a good
sense of the town you also know that
outside of the International quarter or
the French Quarter it is a very
dangerous town there are constant labor
strikes and the solution to labor
strikes in this civil in this town is to
for the police to start shooting people
um it is it is not that rare to see
bodies just sort of lying there it's not
that rare to see people gunned down in
the street it is it is a volatile
situation and a lot of it is revolving
as near as you can tell a lot of it is
revolving around a nascent
a nascent independence movement and a
and that movement is sort of splintering
with a sort of in a simplistic terms
that donal would understand you know
this is like the partition of Ireland
where you know one Ireland is like we
want to be free but we like the people
who are who are our you know our
Imperial masters and the other segment
is like screw everybody we want to be
free you screw everybody we want to
refree books are more and more going
communist the screw everybody but we
still like the international community
that tends to be a little more rightist
that's the group that Chiang kai-shek is
sort of leading at this point and so it
takes you about a week to find out where
your friends you know where they're
where they're coming from and you
managed to with that level you managed
to find out the ship that they are
coming in on because you know their
state you know the fake names on their
on their passports and such you also
get a telegram from agent Rogers I was
gonna tell he didn't telegram me so good
and he says he alludes to the fact that
he got a report from Flint on the AAR an
after-action report on the goings-on in
Cairo and he's concerned that you know
you have gone rogue and under no under
no conditions should the headdress be
do you want to reply anything to him
yeah I better reply to him though
all right so what is what is your
telegram reply to Rogers I would reply
to him that in shame in Shanghai stop
not rogue sent here against my will
stop awaiting arrival of a team Donnell
not technically true what are you gonna
do okay so yeah we will fast forward
you you've spent that week getting set
up you already have three hotels
because you know you you know yes
although Donald tends to stay not at the
nicer places now that you don't you know
now that you're government credit card
has been cancelled it's a little it's a
little harder so you can how do you
want to do you want I like catch them
getting off the boat what do you want to
do I think he wants to wait at the hotel
that he believes are gonna go to our
hotel at the bar of that hotel all right
everyone not named Tom make me a luck
rule Oh Amy's drinking Mountain Dew Ezra
I hope not one nice that's not that
exciting for me it's a great for me
I didn't say if we all know you world or
one we're going gambling immediately
yeah yep
Erica see did anybody fail the role
oh yeah surprise
Joan what about you oh no I I got an oaf
or so I'm yeah oh okay yeah which I mean
the old one was enough but it with a no
one and a no for the very first hotel
so you guys are going upscale is that me
I know yeah four stars I think the Lord
of five no it's too easy to find us the
first hotel we'll call it a the Hotel
Imperial
oh wait no they would not call it that
in China let me that's it that's a bad
word in China right now let's say we'll
call it the Graz manner which quarter is
this end you want an international
border make sense there's people that
used to speak the languages that we
speak
oh so that is something else Donald that
you have noticed that outside of the
International Quarter you do not see
anyone that is not Chinese
it is very rare you know it's different
Cairo there were a ton of expats there
in Shanghai there are not a lot of
expats you know in in Cairo the bosses
were white and then everybody else was
sort of multiracial in in Shanghai the
bosses are white everybody else is
Chinese and and you have had you know
you've come to grips with the fact that
the language barrier is real outside of
the outside of the International
District like have it not speaking
Chinese is a real detriment and so it
has been recommended to you by people
that you hire what is called a comprar
door which is essentially a guide like a
local who can sort of lead you and you
haven't done that yet but will well you
know you haven't found you don't there's
no employment agency for those so you
guys go to the Graz winner and then you
head to the backup hotel and the hack
the backup hotel is the the the the the
Pearl the hotel Pearl yeah and everybody
makes spot hidden rules so this is where
I found my character she pretty cool
Alexandra and Emma are both like
wouldn't it be funny if Donald was wait
a minute and sitting in the bar you both
clearly see Donald what's he drinking
he's nursing something Brown from like
reach over and put a hand on Emma
children tell me I'm not going mad no I
mean we did know that he has poor taste
in liquor but that's on him not on me
just like
so Donald see us yeah yeah hi waited out
to the rest of us yeah you're like
you're really carrying up luggage right
I'm gonna let me smack Silvano and the
children back Hey oh thank god Oh friend
what do you mean thank God didn't you
losers like handing the rifle to him
yeah I could if I could take out the
right bone right now and pass it off
yeah now I'm gonna go into into the bar
and just like sit and sit down next to
him like it's been a minute how you been
it was like it's been a lot longer than
that I don't know I've been a bit
haven't spoken to many people quite some
time I think I've been in this town for
Robin almost a week no longer much
longer Tom's passing it's good to see
her oh it has been held without you
[Laughter]
silvano that's right good to see you
fella
yeah to see you as everybody are they a
little Egyptian fella - he basically
eats us out of house at home so sharp he
uh he's he's got wicked skills with the
UH with the occult books okay suppose
that's useful when youth when you say
your thing about it's time is you know
that time God you said as I aligned them
so this this is the backup I take it yes
yes we're in hotel - so which where's
the primary you're at spinner great I
don't have any things by the way got
stuff to give you I I came here with
nothing
it's a long story maybe a few more
drinks and I can how did you get here
before we did yes well I'm gonna need a
[Music]
yeah so your your stuff is sent up to
your rooms you don't need to worry about
that and yeah you you can tell them as
much or as little as you want of the
I think he's gonna pretty much spill his
guts because he's better he's got a lot
of time to think about it and it's been
weighing on him and I think he just
really wants it gonna get it off his
shoulders so he's gonna just go ahead
and lay it all out but maybe over dinner
or drinks or you know not just oh we
gotta go we got to go pick you up some
supplies now you don't have anything so
don't get too drunk it's fine just the
laundry service takes care of rewashing
the same clothes I've been wearing for
quite some time
Donald's sitting in a hotel room in his
underwear
sounds like my normal quarantine would
be great if you were drinking in the bar
in the bathroom so you know just to get
to be the eternal all-knowing elephant
in the room you tell them about the
headdress of eyes deal yeah let me see
we do it i what do you tell us no you
don't want to I don't want to do that
this the headdress is good tell us
so Emma you're you're not wearing
that dress yeah we broke up it was
mutual it was not Scott Pilgrim so Joan
you've got the address
yes yeah after it passed through Silvano
you were wearing that for a time it's
alright it's it's been a busy little
thing
Donald remember that when you were part
of this group
getting the headdress on Joan was like
the thing everyone was trying to avoid
yeah so about that a lot of times she
was dying to put it into context yeah
yeah this Dame's don't exist they're in
Joe now she was born up by you're not
gonna believe this some sort of thing
with an alligator her head I've seen
those before I've seen something just
like that that was terrible and any
other staves there you can see the burn
in that's amazing that's what happened
with NIDA Chris why did she come into
being I wasn't there for that it was it
was kind of everyone's fault and not at
the same time have you heard about
the dream lands at all has that crossed
your path yet briefly oddly enough very
briefly there was a museum and a
collection of things that Joan had
collected yes so my collection you've
been busy
there's a lot to tell I just I need to
understand about NIDA Chris well I'm
getting there
Wow while we were in the dream lands we
ran across a multitude of Emma's and one
of them referred to herself as Emma
prime looked exactly like our Emma but
with
eyes and there can only be one
we're like Highlander somebody had to go
clearly and somehow later that I think
it was the next day we she was able to
cross over into our world and there was
a little bit of a mistake mistake have
you heard about the girdle yet that's
the other question if you heard about
the sword we made for Emma the sword was
amazing I was what was i again I was
like you'd be Oh what was it called the
sword Amash word of Emma well yeah I was
I was the holder the holder of the sword
keeper of the girdle protector of all
that was good there there there was
there was a girdle that was being
protected by a mosque in Cairo that if
someone wore it and was sacrificed it
would bring that across back and people
came to our hotel after we were in the
dream limbs and I'm a prime had stepped
over into our world got a hold of the
girdle put it on and then was
immediately sacrificed hmm and then we
stabbed the black part of it with the
with the sort of mm and it got sucked
into the sword I think that's the gist
of it well there's one there's one more
little part the sword got stabbed into
someone else was completed
yeah then she emerge from the sword we
weren't there for that because we had
made some sort of missile we thought it
was safe I was given to believe that the
the group had somehow brought Medicus
back after making a deal with the black
Pharaoh no no no cure it was a series of
mistakes
yeah and idiocy may all be heard about
oh no I mean
set set Sarge are made to stab people I
mean it's it was bound to happen
well that sword was made nevermind that
sword was made for a specific purpose
but we didn't just stab the black
Pharaoh and I mean I'm sorry that it
stabbed somebody else but you know
sometimes he's got to have people
I mean the upshot of it all is that no
no deliberate deal was made and there
were a lot of a lot of mistakes made
along the way certainly but it's nothing
that was a deliberate choice
yep and Cairo and the world still exists
so win-win we we thought that by leaving
with the sword with the person who we
thought was professor could for yeah if
he could put enough barriers and seal it
away that night of Christmas would not
be able to get out but then we found out
that it that the person was actually
Omar al Shakti and well that went well
yeah he had the opposite intentions so I
think that's the brief I'm so confused
you joined the club yeah oh I know
um the black Pharaoh met with me yeah
well I'll back up I'll back up I'm
jumping ahead of the story where did you
take this meeting exactly though agent
Rogers got the group of us together
myself and those other fellows from
where are they from
England and the United States Boylston
was one of them Alexandra Doyle son he
got he roped Doyle Sinan to it Boylston
that was there and this nice hunter
fella thorn castle very good with a
rifle and a couple other fellows from
England his group he brought together
the reason they were brought together
was because NIDA Christmas was
resurrected the impression we were told
is that a lot of Units I'm not brought
it back to life
perhaps America yes but not
intentionally not medic Chris essential
that was going to do some horrible
ritual which would rise all these are
awful creatures out conquer Egypt take
it over and destroy all the
current leadership and take over the
entire country herself
horrible horrible the thing was going to
happen she herself was a right scary
sorceress conjure up dust storms behead
people with just a wave of her palm
she'd be cut anyone's head off any range
bears won't and they're dangerous so
though a lot of us the five of us were
up against her I think a couple of us
had ideas about doing some sort of
ritual with some powder
but what happened along the way thorn
castle and I would lost at sea in a
plane crash and he will argue we were
dragged out of the ocean or the sea by
these large crocodile creatures like you
prepared met before and brought before
the black Pharaoh himself and he
proposed to us a bargain of some sort
that we ultimately took the bargain and
what we bargain so neither crystal was
defeated by the black Feroz Khan's he
took care of her hurt himself rich named
and killed her himself took her heart
out and promised to us that she would
not return Egypt was saying well that
our pilots was brought back to life from
small minor thing I was sent to the lot
of you because he was implying that the
lot of you were in some sort of trouble
and and what made it important to me and
perhaps you will disagree with my
decision but this is what I thought was
most important as he promised that he
would tell me the rules of this game
that we've been playing
he's been playing and we've been
floundering about for months on end with
rules which rules did he tell you
because we know some of them we know of
them it was gonna be one rule one rule
only as a teaser but it was rather
useful but allegedly he has to answer
truthfully if we ask some questions he
must answer truthfully yes what do you
think one of the rules he seems very
happy about this particular rule rather
overconfident thinking that didn't
matter
we did didn't matter what we asked what
we knew we couldn't stop him regardless
he told us many things which he if this
rule is true the information is true of
course members of the Carlyle expedition
are alive and some former members
thorough all of them all of them is what
he implied he didn't say in what form
mind you that fellow Brady is here and
the other piece of course is here night
with Brady
I mean Brady no asperities there's no
pyramids there's a pyramid in here in
Qin China there's one in okay Australia
also another one in Africa five total
one we have sealed in that barrier
there's also one in Cairo as well that
we're I think your Lord is aware of five
pyramids five sleeping forms of fellow
whose name I won't speak of yep I think
war can be dealt with and their pyramids
locked away and this cycle is over but
there's other rules to the game he will
reveal those the rules to us if we
return the headdress to him it's an item
of some important stand you did reveal
something very important before we talk
about not giving him the headdress
there's more pyramids here which means
that we don't have to get the capstone
and go back to Cairo we could lock the
black Pharaoh in the pyramid that's here
oh you don't
my Pharaoh is in Egypt in here there's a
different one a different form of Leah
the fellows have five forms just like we
routin we couldn't lock the black we
couldn't go back to Peru and lock the
black Pharaoh in that pyramid right that
was if that was the father of maggots
yeah Emma you'll remember that long long
long ago when you first had your
conversation with the black Pharaoh in
in his chamber you saw sort of the five
vestiges the bloated woman the beard bat
the bat they were all they were all
distinct okay
there's five we have to deal with not
just this one fellow in Egypt he's one
of them so far the others haven't
besides the maggot king so far the
others haven't been resurrected if you
will or bothered us like we don't know
where the bloated women woman is or the
bad guy Batman if you will mm-hmm
the key fault of the bloody tongue has
been incredibly active it might be that
the black Pharaoh is the more active of
the aspects or the one that is the
closest to our version of reality
because the father of maggots was able
to influence but not directly or at
least not as easily or contact us
directly as the black Pharaoh seems able
to yeah but again the black Pharaoh
that's one of the rules he can't
directly influence us you can't you know
some of the rules we don't know all the
rules of the game my thinking this we
can gather whatever items we can lose
these items we can do whatever items or
items
did you ask he would gain if he got the
headdress he implied that it didn't
matter that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
yeah I was something it matters I asked
I asked is is he talking to me at all
sure yeah he's I mean are they I broke
up the her not it's not pertinent
information I let myself be removed from
Emma I'm so glad I can't hear that right
no he said he let himself be removed but
uh
oh well that's cuz I asked him to leave
because he was really getting on my
nerves I mean it was just too much
lunches blah blah I'm sure would nothing
okay continue yeah I was getting on her
news all right let's not but well uh
so headdress so black Pharaohs asked
for you do you know why I can see the
future
okay I know he wants to see the future
ah okay yeah so black Pharaoh wants to
see the future and he believes that you
can reclaim as you can see he's
omniscient or whatever there's a there's
a difference between between being
honest and being able to see the future
I don't know I'll put it this way you
can believe that the jewelry knows more
than the black Pharaoh or vice versa I
don't think the jewelry is more powerful
than the dark I'll also put another way
if he wants it he can have it I I
wholeheartedly disagree with that cuz
Julius and Octavian said yeah the
Emperor's maybe either heard of them old
Roman emperors there's a very good
chance Donnell has not heard of them do
you not know who Julius Caesar is so his
boss Octavian told me that he used the
hedge nobody in the dreams lie if the
dream was to speak to Julius Caesar's
manager and Octavian showed up so
obviously Octavian is the boss of the
dream lands we're not talking about the
historical where time at the current set
up in Emma's weird end up world Octavian
is in charge of the dream lands and
Octavian said that he needed the head
dresser he used the headdress in order
to like send his legions to go defeat
the black Pharaoh blah blah blah
billions of years ago
I mean hundreds of years ago the the
headdress has taught us some incredible
things and need to point out brought
John back from the brink of death and I
I just
when I was here last it was agreed upon
that Joan was never to wear the
headdress I'm sorry Joan and now the
address immediately is odd Joan's head
it hasn't corrupted her yeah as stable
as she was before compliment around look
at the end of the day there is already
an enormous power imbalance between us
and the black Pharaoh giving something
that is as powerful as the headdress to
to him exponential we might as well just
go ahead and kill ourselves and get it
over with
this is very cleaner this this this this
guy is knowledge and gotta figure out
how to get it out the right way but when
you ask John are you seriously have you
not what have you been doing all right
so I've asked questions and I get thee
just do what I say you're one of my
minions no rituals spells asked about
spells I have and he says you know the
first you want me to get the other book
now I've got this book on so asked he's
asked me to you know to you know what he
asked us to come here I we did for
al-aziz and you bring me a story about
fish living in water yeah he is upset at
that I can't be able to breathe in water
would you like to learn to breathe in
water and now he's telling me I could
learn how to breathe in water okay so
you're gonna learn that yeah it might
come in handy
all right we're in a port city making
some progress considering the last time
the crocodile man pulled you under not a
bad spell to have okay so before we get
to our next topic 1500 from the half
goes to the DM cuz
as he is fair and just another 1,500
goes to the players who here is an
up-and-coming person he subscribed it's
very exciting less crazy and the Muffit
mage has also given 500 for Dolan is
how it was spelled like Dolan law firm
look let's be clear that the management
of question Kaos has no place in
criticizing anyone I think I still
listed as a rogue slash barge just
because it's to change no now you're a
still not a dream we'll get there we'll
get there so so did I manage to learn
anything from Yosef during our classes
during the last week are you trying to
learn
yeah he'll you learn a ritual that can
in a very small space freeze time that's
progress
well here's the important thing that the
whole point of the exercise was to
actually go through the process of
teaching someone else a spell and a big
part of it list yeah we can we can teach
we can teach magic now so we're one step
closer to a legion of sorcerers which I
hear is how you defeat the black Pharaoh
yes according to julius caesar's his
boss will say you will need a legion of
sorcerers yep he agrees a legion of
sorcerers yeah hi ask ooh
ask me say that again say that again I
Sylvio is junk you can find them here in
Shanghai we can find them here in
Shanghai a leader how what if you have
if only you have the
time we need Joseph does have the time
oh well maybe but it doesn't quite work
like that you know ask the headdress how
it works not I mean Donald how do you
hang on I'm gonna be sarcastic for a
second but not sarcastic just one second
yeah just one second how do you find the
legion of sorcerers how practice oh gods
he's playing both of his characters at
the same time this is oh yo Sofia I know
Yosef knows how that's fine you need to
have the super up the interior voice in
order to indicate you are there to go um
like anime girl voice so Donald you're
not mentioning anything about the time
Donald's kind of hoping that he can
convince them because he's got some time
to do so but also the headdress isn't
going to leave Joan if the headdress
doesn't want to leave Joan
I mean well Donald has given to him to
allow them to take it well that's it
aside Joan during dinner make me a power
roll 0-2 so you are in complete control
of your battery charging do you want to
charge your batteries okay mm-hmm as
you draw power so everyone is gonna lose
temporarily four magic points you know
you probably don't need to mark it down
and as soon as you do that the headdress
says and that's what I needed and all of
the sudden Joan starts like having like
a and you oh oh she's learning how to
breathe underwater
one reads and yes Joan you now know a
ritual that will allow you to breathe
underwater
sweet yeah so yes yes I did learn so
Bono I learned how to breathe you got
little you got a little from the seizure
when you were eating yeah thanks anyone
anyone else suddenly feel like they did
they got they got kicked in the gut and
my soul is fine no I know where I know
I'm going to head on that's your episode
title yo that was awesome that was
awesome
no that's this is this is this is good
that's progress
uh-huh yes you do that in the middle of
the restaurant yes yes yeah he comes
over and is everything all right
the chicken fantastic it is now I had a
little but I'm good thank you thank you
for asking of course of course he brings
over another bottle of wine all right
fuel so yeah you guys will catch up and
you get filled in on you you get filled
in once again I'm looking at the picture
it's like your stop doing that Tom you
get filled in on all everything the
Great Dane side he's done you get filled
in on most of Donald's stuff he's gonna
sort of some of it he's sliding out like
the time frame of the deal and that sort
of thing it's it's still not that
late um
it is you know it's after it's late
afternoon oh no you did this over dinner
so it's evening now you close this
tomorrow so just to just just sort of
bring everybody back very briefly the
the two main clues that you have for
Shanghai are the the matchbook you found
on Jackson elias's body that was for the
stumblin Tiger bar and then you have a
picture of a yacht in Shanghai
Harbor and you could on the yacht you
could see three letters of its name dar
ya RK and we we have like a picture of
the Carla expedition we know what Brady
looks like right yes yeah okay so the
next time the waiter comes by I asked
him because again I have the address but
I don't know where that is like where is
the stumbling Tiger bar is that far from
here is how I phrase it it is in the
International Settlement and it is on I
want to say Lantern Street but let me
just confirm that it is not a terrible
neighborhood but not a great
neighborhood okay so it's not a it's a
reputable establishment yeah it's mainly
an international barn yes Lantern Street
and you'll the the the guy also brings
it over and he's like he brings over the
newspaper and he brings the
international the English newspaper he's
like in case in case you're interested
it is the the Shanghai courier is the
name of the paper so there's a couple
things we want to do tomorrow right top
of the list find that Legion of
Scorchers yeah then I don't think we'll
be able to accomplish that tomorrow well
that's not sure we can go to the bar
right now that works so oh but but Joan
do you think you can get started on
finding a legion of sorcerers also we
where are their pyramids in China some
sort of burial burial structure that you
John you can make an archaeology role
yeah this I made it you get a hard
success no just me right so with a
regular success you're fairly certain
there are not pyramids in China I would
have heard of them I would have heard of
them if they need some China so we're
gonna have to go to a library is what
I'm hearing
yeah is there anything that looks like a
probably you know there's only some sort
of ziggurat a building somewhere would
it be would it be innocence I'm sorry
what I just want to know what ancient
structures look like here most of them
are wooden kind of you know that that
that a very sort of squat and with the
ornamental roofs that sort of thing it's
like a forbidden palace essentially that
you you know you see and or you know big
walls hmm Oh after dinner going to a bar
of course not just like a bar though I
mean obviously we'd go to a bar but I
mean we want to go to this bar stumbling
Tiger Hidden Dragon 1 1 1 bar in
particular we didn't just wake up with a
craving mmm the joan after dinner get a
headdress will say to you whenever
you get me power i can i can give you
knowledge but i can see the future you
should never be alone in this town okay
that i'm not planning on being alone i'm
hanging with my my buds here
so I'm not planning on being alone
that is wise good call good call hey can
I can I take gum and I gotta ask them
one more questions like do it can I take
power from people who are not my friends
yes sweet okay that was a very leading

so
you guys are gonna head to be stumbling
Tiger bar it is night time is in the
International Quarter slight it feels
safe ish there are policemen around and
they they actually are have a very
public presence there are there's a lot
of nightlife although not as much as in
the French Quarter in the French Quarter
all the things that are illegal here are
legal and so there's a little more
craziness in the French border so Donald
what is illegal here exactly
so prostitution is illegal gambling is
illegal and opium is illegal okay but
not carrying guns openly guns guns are
frowned upon but not you know like don't
carry the rifle around openly but you
know if you have a subtle sidearm
most bars probably won't kick you out if
you wanted it's yours
we can't we totally give that rifle back
to him if you want oh yeah yeah that
rifles yours and a funny play bar you
see several extra notches in the and no
you don't single notch silvano will
we'll play it down but he will say good
use bad use use this gun has one purpose
this is hunting animals so it says on
the form but you have a two-legged
variety anyway
the most dangerous prey of all so you
make your way to ten Lantern Street it's
it's not a great neighborhood this like
opening the door to the bar this is the
stereotypical like the music stopped and
everyone in the bar like looks as the
door opens this is the you know the
sawdust on the floor to mop up the vomit
and the spilled alcohol the smell in
this place you know makes you all want
to get a hepatitis test it is it is a
greasy ugly gross place that you know
the probably the same eight people have
been drinking in for you know twenty
years and there is there are you know
there are a few people around but there
is the gentleman behind the bar is a
clearly multi-ethnic he is some sort of
Eurasian mix
and he is you know like everyone else in
the bar he like notices and and sort of
acknowledges your coming in and then
before anybody else in the bar he goes
a couple people in the bar are openly
just like staring at you and everybody
make a spot hidden role I was about to
ask for that part hard you all notice
there is there's a Japanese man who is
being a little too studious about not
paying attention to you when everyone
else is and for several of you that like
you know that sort of that immediately
clicks that he's not he's like
studiously like oh look at down here I
am NOT looking at the new people this is
so interesting whatever I'm looking at
so is there a table near him that we
could sit at we sit at his table
I'm not buying him drinks sure they're
all buying the drinks table near him the
bartender is clearly waiting for you to
obviously I just find the table I'll
bring some drinks back thank you make
sure it's got to come out of a bottle I
don't want it to go on anything else but
a bottle model most glasses should we
ask the bartender if he seen what's
gonna show him that should we show him
oh yeah somebody told us about this
place no okay why no we want to ask
about Brady right Joe and make me a
luck rule no yes
yes I made it all right right before you
left for this the headdress goes you
should cover me up and you put on a
bandana okay you don't there but you you
have the headdress is covered there you
go
so yeah you come up and the bartender
will introduce himself he's he
speaks he speaks pretty good English he
is I'm Fergus Fergus Chum everyone calls
me Mitch on the bottle of a whiskey and
vodka and some glasses six classes of
course he pulls out two bottles and you
know they you pay for them and he like
will he says as little as possible you
can you can both make psychology roles
at the bar I'm trying to figure out if
it's stupid to ask him okay the only
thing that he is saying as little as
possible okay immediately can I glanced
around and see if anyone is watching us
at the borrower seems to be watching him
in particular and how he's interacting
with us that would describe almost
everyone except the Japanese guy all
right yeah right let's bring it back to
the table all right sure don't mind
Avenue I hope the little fellow with the
have you ever had whiskey oh no oh this
star vodka if you have you have less of
a hangover
and and whiskey's a bit of an acquired
taste oh yeah god no whiskey is awesome
but it is an acquired taste it takes
some getting used to one finger let's do
one finger two fingers oh the taster
yeah it's a taste you suck just ask
which finger yeah part of the finger way
too fast it'll no I tell him like just
it's it cuz someone pointed out it's a
flavour thing just put a little bit
around the rest of the time coughing and
like wondering why anyone would drink
this I am going to try to grab some more
power from not my friends but from other
people in the bar oh my so powerful
let's see how it works
oh it's a hard one alright everybody
loses four magic points again you feel a
lot of power coming into you yes do we
feel this buddy at zero magic points no
I owe ya but I'm too away I'm very close
what what do you what are you doing do
we feel this I am yes oh yeah am i
drunker than usual yeah you that's
exactly the owing it feels like you know
you've donated blood and had a beer this
is fun you're achieved I'm a cheap date
now mm-hmm no no no what you can't do
that it's a magical energy and you know
what you're doing to us know what
happens when you use the staffs too much
on something I tried to get some from
other people I'm okay well your honor I
do that okay you've got some from other
people as well alright guys I'm sorry I
was a a nice influx of energy the the
the Steve's are well charged yeah and
all the rest of us are super pale and
destroy okay that was George slim I'm
charged now so I'm not good to anymore
let's see if anybody in the bar notices
oh god the joys of alcohol yeah so
why I tried it in the bar no I'm sorry I
didn't mean you try doing it when we're
not around you said make me a con roll
they need it alright so Jonas don't you
suck energy in you cept it goes boom
boom like face down on the table he must
have had too much he must have had too
much does the barkeep have any he's like
when you come up before you even say
anything he just goes you don't want any
trouble
no smelling salts do you have anything
why what's wrong are you okay
of course I'm fine but we just you know
people passing out here but I mean look
whatever you're gonna do with him is
none of my business
oh no he's a lightweight he's just a
lightweight of course of course sir do
you have any smelly stuff don't sue it
here anything to wake him up you have
any spelling salts I know we're not the
sort of place where people pass out
throw up a lot don't pass out yeah well
we weren't expecting that I actually do
mean it if do you have any
I'll go over and do first aid on he's
gonna die
not at all conspicuously you watch over
to Yusef like pick his head up but
you're like checking his pulse and make
a first aid roll that's not how you do
know I'm trying to see if like you know
it's the the gentle smacks the like what
do you do in this case I'm rolling to
see if I know what to do that try and
get him
I'll move the glass way he's not having
anymore that was almost really bad but
it wasn't really bad who wants who wants
to spend inspiration I can't get worse
than that yes you can as he can I'm not
that bad and I would like him to be
conscious cuz this doesn't look that's
way less worse but not a success you
like pick up dog pick up
Yusuf's head you're like hey hey and his
his eyes are like okay we're gonna go
get biscuits biscuit this month that's
worried when he doesn't respond to food
this yeah just let him sleep it off
you're you're not gonna wake him up just
let him be like try and make him
comfortable in the chair I could take my
jacket and put under his head or
something you go just lean him back so
he doesn't like vomit no if he leaves
the back you might choke so leave him
leave him for hasn't had that much how
much left in the glass he hasn't died
half of the finger he had oh I'll pour
his drink into mine and all don't waste
that no like staring daggers at Joan at
the moment you're now all fairly sure
that you're gonna be followed wherever
you go out of here by somebody well not
only that who's picking him up I can't
carry Mari I can't carry him striking
but someone's gonna help me carrying
people home is a Shanghai tradition see
just playing the tradition sometimes you
know them a little bit of time too you
might try again in half an hour
just let him sleep it off he'll be fine
all right
so Dex and the Lions came to this
location what do we get here Wow Jack
Brady and I did that does anybody I just
I just run it I just rolled a hundred so
you say Jack Brady
I have bartender drops a glass he's a
cool ball I'm like glance that were like
Oh bingo wants to speak to the bartender
that's what happens there we go go walk
up wallet out are we going nice are we
going bribery bribery bribery is nice
nice what's that question bartender he's
not gonna be very helpful here so what
are you are you sure check outside not
so no I can I can go up to him and how
my wallet out and be like we we would
love some help with our friend can maybe
you have a first aid kit or something
back there and we could talk and I'm
like thumbing through some plan out a
little bit of the money is the rest of
the bar watching still Oh glass has been
dropped and and like some weird Arab guy
has passed out and he's like being
slapped and like buddy-buddy dinner and
a show
I do theatre but yeah yes and everyone's
not sure why they feel drunker than
usual
at poor Bart I make sales you go up to
make Chinese like yes sir can I
help you
yeah are you sure you don't have a
first-aid kit back there and I'm sliding
a little bit of money across the table
if we maybe you could go back maybe we
could look really quick to take out
another slide across the table would be
I really want my friend to be safe we
discreetly I slide a little bit more
money I'm gonna ask for a drink hmm
let's see what we have in the back okay
the supply room
is super small and he's like don't
ever say that name in this bar 



we're going to break all
right we'll go to break and we'll be
back as soon as six people can use one



we went to break just as Silvano
had been pulled into the backroom of the
stumbling tiger with Fergus make her
give me Chum Chum and he he had just
said to you don't ever say that name in
my bar why because that name will get
you killed again why extra why because
that name has made a lot of enemies in
this town and they're all looking for
him where could we find him I don't know
last I heard he was headed to Rangoon to
buy some guns some guy Charlie gray he
was headed to some guy in Rangoon
Charlie gray he need he needed a lot of
guns for some reason cuz of all the
people we're gonna kill him
uh anyhow I guess thank thank you for
the information
yeah we will I will go Toma
my friends do you never say that name
again I mean you live a lot longer when
you don't do stuff like that oh well
we're not too worried about anyhow and
friend just between you and me everyone
in this bar is somebody you should be
worried about yeah but you can include
my friends in that too so not
necessarily intentional but and at that
point he opens the the the back the the
door back on the bar he's like and
here's that first-aid kit you want it
thank you sir
did he actually hand me a first-aid kit
yeah oh I've run over are there actually
smelling salts in this you know a bunch
of gauze what are you looking for
smelling salts ah in a first-aid kit
they don't have let's just say this bar
is not code did you fumble no no but
it's I'm a I made a good roll that's why
I'm pissed off I rolled well but my luck
is not roll weldable yeah
so could we put like a glass underneath
his nose to make it happy so the future
just not come out further do not say
that name again in here apparently a lot
of people want him dead Jackson yeah cuz
I mean if people want Jackson dead
they're a little late get in line yeah
there's wait do we want him dead as well
it depends on what he has to tell us I
mean I think I've heard some pretty
horrible things but I don't know if I
heard those horrible things never mind
I'm gonna back away I think that people
have heard horrible things maybe they
were mentioned on the boat and I'll
leave it at that
what do you think you heard about that
the folks in the Carlyle expedition
became less and less stable and humane
during the during the digs in Egypt
right I think I think I kind of like
because even I tried to not pay
attention to that because my character
wasn't there for a lot of that so I
could easily begin all that wrong anyhow
so we might want him dead but working
against us all we know is that he should
be able to get us to the other half of
the eye of light and darkness
I look around to see if anyone responds
to that like it hurts
success how bad did you miss Tom
Missy did anybody get a hard success I
did okay you think the Japanese guy
might have liked reacting a little bit
to that hmm all right it's time to you
know I'm wonderful take offense cuz yo
sis glass is empty now I'll pour him a
drink I'm gonna slide on over all right
and not discreetly so have you ever
heard of the eye of light and darkness
that's your lead oh yeah there's no Oh
perk up enough you
might be interested in archaeology we
got plenty of moves
now that our friend is couldn't hold
his he looks at you and he he says uh
it'd be funny if you didn't speak any
English yeah
hello I am I so guitar oh well I'm
Silvano howdy
what was his name again really quick
he's so gay is OD e taro ta ro that
couldn't help but notice you perk up
when I mentioned that it's an incredibly
a fascinating piece I there are so many
things happening at that table that I
could be reacting to it's your friend
all right ah I mean relatively he'll be
fine if that's what you're asking
this is his first time I'm drinking why
uh we got a bad advice for four bars to
go out and but by the time we came in
and smelled the place we're already here
I see you know it's an acquired taste
the drinks are cheap and you'll forgive
my impertinence but you are not from
visiting
yes I am and what is this I of light and
darkness you were oh yeah yeah I'm gonna
believe this but apparently some like
5,000 odd years ago according to the
legends some sort of being was sealed
away in one of the pyramids in Egypt I'm
watching him like a hawk he he's I
bad at drinking yeah no he he's like I'm
so yeah the the eye of light and
darkness supposedly according to this
legend sealed him away and then in
recent times it was split into two and
this being got out and wishes very
unpleasant things upon this world and is
this being in Shanghai yes and no well
that clears that up doesn't it no it
doesn't and is this you say this being
has caused could this being be some sort
of weapon
uh not directly but mmm there there
aren't clear the legends fuzzy legend
often is hmm
how can I help you friend Silvano I was
just curious if you might have heard
anything about this I have light in
darkness no I'm just a simple laborer
hmm what about Oh so I had heard that
there might be pyramids in China who
cares
but hmm no I'm not interested in that
sort of no I thought you might have have
an interest in archaeology no old
things don't interest me the future is
like what sorts of the like like
[Music]
technological breakthroughs medicine
politics you see an instant glaze I'm
just donal and Alexandre both of you
can make me
spotty bwulz zero for oh yeah I intend
oh you have both seen this before there
is a performative aspect too and like as
soon as as Silvano came over to the
table he was much less drunk than he was
you know 10 minutes ago and and so you
know you are boat you both have seen
this before and you recognize it right
away
mm-hmm my interests are in politics but
around here and he looks around the bar
talking about politics can get one in
well we're waiting for a friend to come
to once that happened is a be up for a
walk I I mean I just arrived so I'd
love to know more about it is not my
habit to walk the streets of Shanghai
with six strangers at midnight huh or
really enough you're gonna have to get
home somehow please tell me you don't
live here no no okay I don't live far
from here if if you remain interested in
politics you can often find me here okay
but how's Pope I poke Yosef is he
responding at all
I leaned over on there yeah when you
lean over like that taro will say like
please go back to your table I don't
wish to get involved in all of the
attention that you are bringing up my
apologies of course and then he said
like a little too loudly he'll say
something like no gaijin I have no help
I'm gonna glance over and Donnellan and
say no same play different showing over
the sense in this town that it's rife
bubbling with revolution there's a
chance that there are these fellows here
interesting hmm yeah interesting but
also not our problem maybe maybe maybe
not our problem but maybe encourage you
buy well useful or encouraged on by the
asset local aspect of our friend
so Silvano how would we create a
political party make a legion make them
into a legion of magicians I'm just
spitballing here what are you thinking
we we should probably leave before we
have any further conversations of this
ilk I suspect we're already going to be
followed in the fur he just followed and
not knife to none first hotel or second
hotel have access to resources a
political party we could start a cult we
definitely have the funds to do that do
we yeah let's go to the primary I can't
wait to see the receipt you send a
Carlton Ramsey first and it just says
the number for C ult 1.2 million dollars
I will make it happen
I'll finagle that money somehow let's
let's go to the primary hotel first I'd
like to wear out our welcome there
before we move on to the secondary
wheel ball of China to wear out our
welcome on so alright you are all
acutely aware doodle you might be
followed so I'm gonna give you an
advantage dime on this on this spot
hidden role so I am super drunk and
anybody in that oh Jesus well I mean I'm
naked but it's also like an 87 and my
spot hiddens of maybe seven oh wow so
there's that but I got Heidi who is spot
hidden Amir I'm gonna be like hey
I see you know uh
silvano you got a critical success yes
and somebody else got a hard Julie and
Julie and Joan got a hard old 11 as well
so alright so the three of you are
not so much aware that someone is yeah
so YouTube Joan and Donald are aware
that someone is following you
and and your before you can point him
out silvano you see that you see the guy
she's he just runs up behind him takes a
some sort of sically looking knife and
just slashes it across his throat and
the like with his hand over his mouth
and that guy drops oh that has color
button right over it that's that's how
cult is kill each other
I'm sure what what are you talking about
I'm just saying you don't you don't slit
someone's throat with a knife like that
unless you're in a cult why are we
talking about the guy back there you
guys not paying attention
do you know where we are no I mean I've
been drinking fun times me except
Shanghai yeah who's carrying Yusef I am
NOT in on that yeah you two are you self
is between you and every once in all
immutable can't be changed it's a fixed
concept what does that mean we're Lowe's
drunk and he's still smarter than me so
you know there I mean on the plus side
there's one less person following you
but on the downside there are multiple
people following yeah I really so you
make it back to the hotel and unless
anybody wants to do anything you will
have a good night's sleep no I just want
to talk to the guys if they're outside
like following us I'll be like hey all
right some of them are cultists so so
all right is someone gonna point out to
Emma the people following like well I
mean I passed my spot hidden so the
worst the worst hider if you will or
whatever they'd be calling the worst
sneaker yeah all right that's you go up
to a guy who has been following you for
some ways he's dressed in like silk
robes and he definitely has like a
machete of some sort Yuja you walk up to
him and he's just like looking at you
hey those are some pretty trippy gammas
you've got where did you get those I
would really love some pajamas like that
for the record I am right next to her
because I'm not letting her do this
alone but I also know I can't stop her
all right he said something in a
rapid-fire Chinese you would guess I
totally get that I just I completely
understand
I know I hear you so so you're around
from you're around here from here you're
around you're from here right he's like
starting to back away and let's talk
endure no I do on drink cuz you get have
a drink you play yeah he'll take a sip
okay
he takes her plaque he takes a sip he
hands it back so is there anything
noticeable about like his knife anything
on him like when he does that movement
does
uh it doesn't seem like his machete
seems like just a very serviceable
machete there's no like cult marking on
everything he's got a bunch of tattoos
there are characters on both his hands
okay I'm a super drunk never mind
though those are super cool I mean
that's really
I'm your that's pretty and it was extra
dangerous when she's drunk I forgot
about that but how am I extra dangerous
I'm just generally a disaster no you're
fighting if you get your hands on that
if you go in and grapple and grab that
thing you've got drunken sword fighting
right yes this is true does drunk ever
remember about her drunken sword
fighting oh my god let me tell you what
a sword your sword is definitely smaller
than my sword my sword was amazing my
sword was the best it had like a little
symbol on it it was so cute and I could
like pull it I'm put a hand on my
shoulder and like we should go inside
yeah cuz guys just musically wondering
what the hell is going on that's us for
the majority of this game okay bye I'll
see you tomorrow is like I'm getting
carted away will you be here tomorrow
I'll be here tomorrow we're going to the
other hotel tomorrow we've used up the
backup hotel already we've announced to
the worst people in the city where we
are Oh time to so emma has enough
wherewithal that she will show you guys
you know where that guy was uh-huh and
you look out and there's still a fig
there's definitely a figure still there
and for the best of my ability and
tomorrow it can be whatever you guys
want it to be but I'm gonna try and draw
out what those tattoos look like
outstanding outstanding sorry I was
actually gonna say something similar
that I wanted to have a good look at
them to see if I could remember
approximately what they look like all
right I will give
an intelligence roll cool unless there's
a - in my future this ain't gonna happen
oh wait a minute oh so close that would
be a hundred no all right so Alexandra
starts to draw what she thinks he isn't
it was like no no no no I remember
exactly when and she starts like drawing
over you and scribbling and all this
stuff and it turns out to be like a
cartoon of something it is a shockingly
well drawn cartoon dog but I think I
think that his symbols work art where uh
Chinese characters unfortunately Emma's
drunken scribbling takes over any of
your what you might have remembered of
that you have you have Emma has drawn
really good hands which are really the
hardest thing to draw so that's are so
hard
uh Emma draws the hands really well and
then there are like smiley faces
riddles on each of the knuckles and do
the turkey this time the Hilda murky
she's like I'm pretty sure it said Emma
on there and then someplace on there I
Emma how about you get some sleep
I I think that the whole situation my
glance over at Joan has gotten you a
little bit more than the rest of us
okie-dokie I want those pajamas me they
look very silky so you take the little
fellow up to bed place
Alexandra maybe we should keep an eye on
who comes after us to investigate this
hotel I was going to say the same thing
all right
silvano you take Yusef up to his room
and you're like Yusef your key you said
and Yusef opens are you gonna go in with
him yeah
okay there is a a man you recognize
in a wheelchair dr. Kapoor is sitting in
Yusuf's room because he doesn't really
have a choice did he mention that nope
spot hidden very hold on is that a
critical success yes
all right with a critical success
there's not something weird about his
neck his neck has like Frankenstein
stitching all around it oh come on
Rossum sewing is way better than that
his neck has been so like it looks like
his head was as ridiculous as this
sounds it looks like his head was
reattached to his body
I did I do recall something about night
of Chris waving her hand yep and head
it's coming off so you come in my and
before with a wild-eyed glint in his
eye says you chef you sup you have to
come with me Bogey's wrong what have you
start backing out of the room with
yourself no no no yourself is coming
with me he needs to come back to Cairo
and help me his I saw his notes on a
lousy these were revelatory what he
needs to sleep this off
all right needs to happen you need to
put yousa on my chair and then push us
okay well can't wait can I just carry
him through you know i simplest i I've
never tried returning back through the
door before you might be trapped in
Cairo for a little bit but maybe not uh
I'll make you make a luck roll don't do
it yeah I mean I'll try and see if I can
get this chair to seat to I can't feel
anything it won't matter no I don't want
him to fall off halfway through whatever
you're doing well you can and how are
you gonna put him down he's just gonna
know this doesn't know I got a night
security guard at the hook at the Museum
will help me okay but Yusef needs to be
my hands rituals require hands Yusef
understands did I didn't have to use my
hands for the other Sunday mmm well I
mean you you there were it was mostly
chanting most expanding yeah he's being
hyper ball play along
I know better though and the funny thing
is as soon as he said that he speaks
three words that kind of immediately
slip out of your mind and a door appears
you have to teach me that come to Cairo
oh I need to leave a note were you
really how long does it take you took me
years to learn this son of a you said
okay yeah oh but he must teach me he he
I've read Alice Eve multiple times and
he has apparently gained so much more
than I have just from I mean he's a
savant did he read it more than one time
and survived
it did try to latch itself onto his face
he never did that to me
well it wasn't Pleasant he took it all
in good stride though all right it's
time to go put him on here
all right now you have to push me
through but I would suggest don't let
your arms go through the door unless
you're all coming through I'm gonna go
back and I'm gonna try and get a little
bit of speed going and then I'm gonna
get it I'm gonna give him an emergency
stick in case they get stuck part way
through finished knocking if it doesn't
break no to beat someone way emergency
stick use my arms there's gonna be like
a little stool I can use to push him the
rest the waste my fingers don't get lost
right sure he's terrifying me so
yourself and before get much like my
hand disappear into the door and the
door closes after them and I just want
to take a second to think upon a throat
for tipping 10 subscriptions thank you
thank you
news apparently felt upstaged and so so
let's see it goes the Baroness
then Jay Matthews and then a panda
throat those are my top three twitch
users like so even though Jay Matthews
gave 5 subs he's yeah I suppose up but
he's still number two oh yeah
come on okay I believe in long I believe
in long term relationships anus and I
mean he's a fellow keeper so yeah so
thank you both so much for the
subscriptions and for keeping our
community rolling it's it's awesome so
yeah you said disappears through the
and the door disappears and sorry I just
yelled because I saw a chat now have had
to one-up with eleven subs because
eleven to one hire these guys hey gosh
awesome the help is high up on my on my
list of favorite twitch users as well we
really need to get you like a top five
or a top 10 no that would be my
background next your running tally nice
you could just type in and change as as
your mood moves number one that is
without question right that and you yeah
that's right that's right but so yeah
a plan throat Jay Matthews thank you all
so much
that was awesome you got the party
through the night that's how they it was
your subscriptions that kept them from
dying yes from Emma's drunken telling
telling a criminal gang that many
subscriptions do I ain't not have a
hangover and be happy jammas so we're
you have a lovely to give a little
bathroom and here the Emma does not wake
up with a hangover all the after you
that had that Joan impact it make me a
con role also do yeah that's right you
want to do that yeah let's do let's do
it now it's a 12 let's do it


Donal and I did it didn't want to keep
watch Jared during it during the night
alright you will have a penalty die on
this con role I already I wanted to do I
wanted to do my rounds and let everyone
know
that Professor before took Joseph back
to Cairo to help him yay who's professor
before you he met him this isn't his
name though oh yeah yeah he said a
professor that we married professor
obviously he gave us a lot of
information about the black Pharaoh he
lent us to a certain extent unwillingly
the Necronomicon why is he here hmm he's
gone he was he left just like that oh we
didn't see that Dora thing at door he's
he can make doors
he made towards and steps through them
and he is very suddenly places that he
couldn't otherwise get to he showed up
on he showed up on the boat right up on
the boat before yeah yeah so you know
remember doors
Ahnold you of all people should not be
too surprised that there are magical
ways to do this quiet you're too loud
that's why it doesn't have a hangover
she's still drunk
that's it hair of the dog does that give
us advantage yes on all my sword
fighting skills absolutely I did so you
have a con well you are if you fail the
con road you are heating it this morning
oh yeah like coffee and like you're not
both of you are are you know you've had
some practice in the drinking area and
so this is does not you know you
wouldn't think that what the the drinks
you had at that bar would have caused
you a hangover that much I barely drank
anything at all I don't have much of a
stomach for us these days we meeting for
breakfast yeah I was like you needed to
eat glass of water but
you go to bed mmm everyone knows that
mmm yeah I'm I am confident that this
has nothing to do with the alcohol I
know wasn't it awesome cuz usually I can
drink so much more than this and this
was amazing because I had to drink like
practically nothing in order to get
drunk I mean I call this an evening to
remember yes forget and kind of remember
we had we had well that's the episode
title yes evening you sort of forget and
then remember trying to remember yes so
can I for breakfast try and find us
somewhere that isn't terribly popular
lated what's it here well I mean are you
eating at the hotel or yes can we can we
meet up in our rooms and eat in our
rooms
sure rooms I want to talk about Bradley
without getting a bunch of people
following us to kill us or him lots of
people want him dead yeah oh dude did
Donnell and I see anything last night
while we were keeping watch nope I mean
that guy was still there was some figure
out there and the you know being watched
area in the morning you don't see anyone
there uh-oh but we were followed by
cultists
I mean you mean men in pajamas
let's be serious well over room service
we can all discuss stuff yeah yeah do we
get our magic points back this morning
uh yes after a night's rest you do okay
yeah great I still feel like dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
I remember the Beckett in England
Gavigan spoke our names to some sort of
magical whatever it was the mist or
something to tell them to look for us
names but perhaps that's enough - what
language did he speak I believe he was
speaking languages we didn't recognize
um he was spider to Chinese at one we
wherever we go they're gonna be looking
for us
well yeah we're gonna have to change
we were followed to this hotel so now
they know this hotel we have to
discreetly leave this hotel anyhow
Bradley waiting sweetie hmm Brady leave
this hotel I mean we haven't done
anything really major dramatic to leave
this hotel yet like we haven't burned it
down
and they brought you pajamas yeah so
there's that we can wrote ate well the
thing is is that even so they know where
we are
they might know where we are no matter
where we go so let's now say for now
yeah but let's not have our throats slit
in our sleep that's all I'm asking no
we're not just fine but it might be like
Joan was saying it might be beneficial
that they know and again this is just
Emma talked that they know that we know
that they know yes
where we are so therefore we're safe
because they know that we know yep
never I'd see she could say it and she
could say it Oh we'd be safer if what
thing I know is wrong no Howard but it
made sense the next time we do a Q&amp;A
episode it's gonna be called this is
aka nonsense not on Emma's level you can
write Rangoon Rangoon is a kind of food
but other than Anna Rangoon what is it
Rob you can make a crab rangoon you can
make a somebody can make an intelligence
roll I can do that I can do that control
it oh my goodness
made a hard one
no but not
Rangoon is the capital of Burma what we
will call Myanmar ah interesting
yeah I made my and Oh someone else made
it good I mean a heart is s it's the
all right Burma Burma Burma
so easily and very so it is back towards
India yeah let's go say it stored that
way in so do we want to deal with the
bloated woman first go to a library and
look up pyramids in China so the Duchess
will not be happy with you well someone
ought to do the library research thing
yeah no I would be totally up for going
to the library and seeing if we can find
out where the pyramids are oh no your
we can do both at the same time come on
don't worry Hydra said what's the
headdress telling you oh no really no
from the headdress do both if you find
Brady you'll find the sorcerers they're
saying we find Brady we can find the
sorceress of finding Brady seems to be
our first thing we'll also find a lot of
guns apparently well good you can use
guns arm disorders are better sorcerers
yep
being armed bees better so I'm gonna
look back on the scattered notes that I
take and I don't really take great notes
um where did we think Brady was
specifically in Shanghai you really have
no the only thing the only thing you had
to go on was that bar yeah and bow he
probably left on that boat the one with
the name that was partially covered up
if we could do some sort of bar because
going to Burma's I don't know I mean
that's a long way for not very sure at
all and I can't imagine there are many
people who speak English there now we
need to find them well so if boats are
coming and going and they're being kept
track of and there's a way to look that
stuff up
I'd rather go to the library and look up
pyramids sorry if anyone else can
complete that thought on their own no
but we could go to well and this is
where I would ask Joan so Joan how would
you go about like
you've been to Shanghai I mean do they
keep records like who's the person or
entity or government agency I mean from
what I understand and I very I know very
little about China but I understand that
they are somewhat of a you know just
from looking at Confucius that they
write things down there write a lot of
stuff down as Emma's grasping for like
yes yes so and I'm trying to hear how
much I know I know how to get things in
and out but that means avoiding getting
things right you know that it's riddled
with corruption so but who actually
keeps track of that legally and then who
would we talk to - who would keep track
of that illegally right if you if you
know the ways in and out illegally that
means that you know the ways around the
legal system right for her so Joan from
your experience what you you know you
just bribe people and they'll read stuff
down no yeah that's basically it I was
gonna say is like I don't know who
actually keeps because I just go I go
get some money and they go all right
come on our ship but you pay somebody so
you know somebody's money yeah he might
not have had that option and if he's
leaving it's not how big of a deal is it
going to be for him to announce that
he's leaving well why don't we try to
buy a ticket and see how that works and
then we could figure out who keeps who
keeps track of it do we do we try to do
it legally
where are you buying a ticket to I I
don't think he remembers Burma okay sure
yep and we're looking so once we buy the
ticket we would then ask that person how
would we figure out a boat that starts
with the word little letters D and I'm
assuming it starts with the letters dar
it was the first real it looks like yeah
yeah okay well you you would talk to the
Harbormaster all right I wasn't sure if
that maybe or not but I'm definitely
going to the library ulis you go to the
harbor if you can go to the library we
no no need five people looking at the
Harbormaster or a librarian
don't be followed by cultists OSHA
nevermind
silvano can I remind you that how many
days ago you said no one who wants a
quiet life works in a library yeah it's
almost almost when you lunatic Scott
clearly you don't care that much about a
quiet life alright so hold on someone
who never said that that was flipped I
think you said bad boy I get the
mustache confused so sure who is going
to the Harbormaster and who is going to
the library Barbour to the harbor
alright library let's go into the harbor
or you guys go I'll go to the library I
want
well Jones should we trade I mean I do
have the ability to use library skills
if you are more familiar with the
harbour so just tell me what I should
look up and I can do that for you
pyramid we're trying to find money we're
trying to find it oh I I do not want to
I don't want the harbor master or
anybody to know who I am okay so I was
the Italian is getting into the
conditional inspiration game and I love
it
so no hundred inspiration to the players
if they push their luck on the next
failed role otherwise
it's coming to me just just give it to
Ezra let's let's wait to see what our
next fill role is all right you can't
push a critical fail can you all right
so Harbormaster
so you Donal and Alexandra are going to
the Harbormaster is that right okay so
the Harbormaster is an english official
it's run by the British and
[Music]
yes hello how can I help you the Irish
man doesn't want to say anything in
front of an Englishman I take your
uncomfortable pause to mean it that
you're here for some sort of unsavory
sort of reason no no no of course not
we actually had a question about a a a
ship a ship that and that no way for
that we've heard about and we wanted to
get some more information about well yes
that doesn't sound unsavory at all how
can I possibly help you dude do we have
the photograph yeah okay I want to pull
out pull out the photograph and show it
to him we don't know the name the rest
of the name and I'm certain there's
absolutely no unsavory reason why you
wish to know the name of a boat that you
have only a picture of and a partial
name no II took this photograph it was
the boat belonged to a friend of his
we're trying to find that fellow he's a
friend of a friend we're trying to
locate of course well that sounds like
that sounds like it's gonna take about
$500 for me to forget that you were ever
here why would we want you to forget
that we were here and then I'm gonna
forget that you were here have you never
bribed anyone before I prefer not to see
boobs unsavory fella hey I mean do you
want to know the name of the boat or not
yes because it because I had something
to do with a friend of ours who was
murdered I don't care hmm I don't see
$500 on my desk though ha I seem to have
forgotten the name of every boat in the
harbour well that makes you a pretty
shitty Harbor man then doesn't it good
day
I'm gonna turn and walk out all all
English aplomb and fury all right he
looks at you he's like I think yeah just
shakes his head follows that likes
Andrea bribery in the lowest form of
Commerce we want to obtain some funds
from Silvia or whatever is the dollar
start using here i dollars apparently I
mean so actually you would know and this
is actually a really cool weird
historical thing mainly the main
currency in Shanghai is Mexican gold is
silver dollars interesting I were they
were they were they were like pure and
they could be you know people knew okay
this is this is actually silver hmm and
so they were worth whatever they were
worth paper is worth paper is worth a a
varying amount all over everywhere yet
but hard silver is worth hard silver
yeah make sense
you go back and try and get some money
we'll go to the library then
so you're all looking up pyramids in
China, we should try and also look for the
bloated lady and then ways to
seal evil things that the Chinese may
have recorded it could be very
useful. There is a very large section
in this library on Chinese occultism
there's tons of of
fascinating weird connections and things
like that.
make me
so how to seal things back in yeah
and actually I would be besides the
library roll itself for the items that
I'm looking for which you can continue
to tell me about but in the meantime do
I catch anybody's eye looking at the
weird things that I'm looking at like a
library and whose stuff you've been
interested if you know to me just think
that me a kindly gentleman who had
helped me sure you find you find a
young college impressionable college oh
let I suppose I'm actually young - never
mind
youyou pull out a book and he's like he
like he makes the mistake of starting
small talk and then you know you like
mantrap him pretty much he's like oh
you're interested in Fung Shui as well
Oh totally
um what'd you get out of the funk like
he likes and what you get out of the
Fung Shui book is that the Chinese
believe that demons always walk in a
straight line and so when you arrange
furniture in your room you try and do it
in such a way to blockade them or create
obstacles so are there any instances of
besides just these home like your
regular home what I'm assuming is that
your home is feng shui in order to like
let a demon not through so you would
blockade the demon
what about like any type of like oh I
don't know you know I know about
pyramids and things but not like
anything in China so like are there old
like pyramid type things that you know
just like demons or keep demons in or
you know whatever this guy has no idea
what a pyramid is okay never mind them
he's just like we have tombs so what are
the two where are the tombs like what do
they look like well they're holes in the
ground with you know passages leading in
and love when you when you when you when
you close the tomb you you write
characters protective characters on the
door oh really
could you and then I kind of just be
like could you well I mean there's
there's hundreds of kinds of them that
that are you know situational depending
on which god you are appealing to what
in what sort of demon you're trying to
keep out what you know what what what
part of the zodiac you're in interesting
so then I try and do I swear to God I
know the bloated lady symbol is do I
know the little lady Samuel I don't
think so I don't think so either
I'm the obese woman Shanghai that's all
I have I don't have like blood eat I
don't think you guys got any sort of
characters or anything right if you ask
him he'll show you how to write the
bloated woman in Chinese that would be
cool if he could yes you will write out
the characters for the bloated
and he sort of you know he he like ham
handedly is like I don't know why a
lovely young woman like you needs this
yeah it's just it's an interest of mine
we'd heard about the bloated woman back
in England and so we were just curious
if there was you know a cult following
or something you know resembling
whatever these characters are oh I don't
know much about cults okay I'm very
interested in Fung Shui it's forked yeah
I'm just hang out I'm like trying to
figure out a good way
okay well I'm sure your house is lovely
thank you oh good bye all right what did
you you got other archaeology and then
you were looking up what were you
looking up I was looking up their
archaeological past you know okay weird
you know where do they so there's really
not a history of pyramids it's a lot of
wooden structures or you know there's
there's most of most of the historic
massive engineering pieces like the
there's a lot of right now there's a the
Terracotta Warriors are a very hot thing
they found they found all these statues
of soldiers made in made out of
terracotta terracotta warriors know a
great army stay away from those just
saying if they're gonna kill you it's
great army but yeah okay so I was trying
to like see what they're they're there
with do I find anything kind of like you
were talking with them about about
sealing away or the
kind of things how they seal up so again
you find a lot of a lot of the same
stuff then it's you know it's it's very
much situational and a lot of it is
either a lot of it surprisingly
temporary like you know you find a book
on how people will paint their doors
quite often here and they'll peak them
to scarce to scare things away
so they'll repaint the door and they'll
paint a message on the door and that
message will be very specific to what
they think is causing them problems um
you also find a lot of references to
Chinese fortune tellers and the I Ching
and that sort of thing so
fortune-telling based on your Chinese
zodiac is very important to them hmm hmm
that would be interesting maybe we could
we could figure out a way to keep
ourselves safe too and actually you will
find in the newspaper there is an ad for
visit doctor probably doctor should be
doctor it is for mr. lung let's see here
the reason that you're drawn to it is
that the first line of the ad is the
stars are right do not allow dark fate
to overwhelm you worry not that evil
rivals seem to tests possessed secret
knowledge that you lacked the answer is
in the Stars consult the heavenly stem
and the earthly branch to peer behind
the mask and uncover what is lost a most
auspicious future is guaranteed contact
Shanghai's famous astrologer mr. Neil
mr. lung 129 Cal yang Street no
appointment necessary that's just an ad
like in today's paper oh good so I'll um
is the paper in the library or is that
just done you've got a copy you get a
copy at the hotel Soho
what were you looking up references to
the bloated woman all right fun stuff
yeah sanity inducing stuff there
make me a look Nick come on hey if you
fail it you can push it yeah I think
that might be a critical success hot you
know maybe just a hard or hey you made
it
alright so when you see what my looks
nineteen Wow Nick so shocked about oh
not well I don't want to learn about the
bloated lady I should have been you you
ask a librarian to help you find stuff
and she's like oh you want the special
collection and she'll take you to a back
area and she'll like as soon as you get
there she'll say you should not ask
about that ho Fang will have you killed
if he hears you saying that name is he
the leader of a cult I don't know he it
criminal he's he's he's a mob boss but
you should not he takes that name very
seriously
oh it's a very serious name yeah we have
nothing here about that but you have
nineteen I should not say that word in
public okay
that being said do you know how I might
go about finding information on that
subject Oh Andy I'm not asking this
lightly I I would have no idea where to
start
there are not books written about such
um it's you know it's a it's a criminal
syndicate that whole thing runs and he's
a man that will kill people in the
street
oh that's very helpful to know thank you
yes please stay safe and I'll just do my
best to go through any legends that they
have for anything that could have a
semblance all right but first I will
talk to Joan and Emma and let them know
like oh yeah anyone asking about that if
this guy finds out he'll have you killed
all right because he's working well do
you think it's because he's worshiping
said woman or that aspect or do you
think it's because he's trying to keep
people from worshipping that aspect I
guess the former he's trying to make
sure that there's no information I mean
that's my that's my guess I don't know
maybe he's going about it all the wrong
way I mean if you wanted to grow your
cult and just hear me out if we wanted
to say a legion of sorcerers wouldn't we
or magicians I'm sorry I'm using the
wrong word
whatever wouldn't we put in an advert
out and like just get the word out just
be like we're looking for magicians
apply all like wouldn't whole thing this
is the same thing and be like you know
what we're looking for cultists just you
know if you have some marginal skills
just come on board not not if he's able
to tap into her or power and he's
keeping it consolidated for himself he
might be one that controlled you don't
need to have a lot of cultists to have
horrible powers and do awful things then
he just has safeguard that power mm-hmm
but I do like your idea about having
some kind of way of trying to recruit
off to think about that
I just wanted ads yes kind of working on
my sorcerer Legion curriculum but look
for sealing sealing Magic's going cuz I
definitely want to add that to the list
doing that I'm sorry what it wasn't that
isn't that what you chose I don't know I
was talking to this gentleman about feng
shui and like we're talking about how
there's different ways to like sealed
tombs for different demons and you know
whatever yeah well yeah but you have to
have a specific diamond of like seal
against and so we do that's awfully
convenient
he's right over there if you want to go
talk to him I mean he's more about like
interior design and stopping demons from
coming into your house but okay yeah
there was a lot more talk of like the
money corner and you know prosperity and
that sort of thing versus the protective
properties of feng shui pretty good too
but I do need to look up information
about you-know-who yes
we need something though the other thing
that I'll give you as you search is you
find information about how Fang there is
a company called PO Fang import/export
and it is run by a it is run by a
gentleman named Koh Fang who is a mega
shipping magnate essentially and very
wealthy and is definitely not at all
involved in any criminal enterprises or
it's not oh you don't put that on your
business card that's just ridiculous and
he has a large warehouse on Cal yang
Street oh but but like a cult wise
there's nothing even resembling a
bloated woman in any of their ledge
alors nope ooh amazing did you get a
hard success no I got a regular success
yep yep that's what you got
alright ooh Kelly yang Street and and
and I show them the paper sure yeah she
shows you the ad for the the mister it's
by the way it's not next door to the
warehouse it is a way it's a way Cal
Yang's Regan's it's still fairly on
street stun well I'm not gonna be
visiting koufang anytime soon I'm not
thrilled of getting involved with cult
mobsters so Alexandre Donald both of you
make me spot hidden roles and Jane
Matthew says Emma there's a warehouse
now it's your chance
no I was like I'm not going to any
warehouses no I can't say as I blame you
yeah I um
you're sure you're being followed
Alexander okay similarly library folk
when you leave the library make me spot
hidden roles this is where Emma's a
Viking oh Jesus
eight it's like an extreme success oh
yeah oh that was a hard success with it
with an extreme success not only are you
sure you're being followed but like you
see the two guys following you they're
not the gentleman that I saw in the
pajamas and the sword yesterday with the
tattoos right no they actually look like
they're in different outfits but they
are still wearing traditional Chinese
outfits okay but they're not the same
guy that I was bothering you no okay uh
so by the time you all get back to the
hotel it's actually should we so I point
out to my two compatriots we're being
followed by those two gentlemen over
there should we go get a should we go
get a reading or should we get everybody
together and I think we should get it'll
be together and go for a reading Oh what
yeah
more research actually I he may give us
some ideas he we talked to him yes
I was just thinking about losing the
tail that's all this is
this is no this is fake what the two
guys behind me aren't fake they're real
they're following us no no the the
reading oh yeah totally I don't hear
stars you're right
pure beyond the mask okay a headdress
got a problem with it cuz I'm sure the
headdress is gonna tell you what's the
future on what isn't they look honestly
I kind of want to know what he says and
then what the headdress says and given
to them sort of argue vicariously
through Joan that was who this would be
amazing like dinner treatment yes the
argument heart we also need to lose the
tail yeah can we just lose the tail we
don't need to go down like we we don't
need to waste money on garbage yeah well
we're gonna lose the town that will pick
up the rest and then we'll see good but
I think because it's a great idea
alright so with with a critical
success I'm gonna give it to you you
like start leading them on our
circuitous route helped by the fact that
you have very little idea where you're
going and you you will yeah you feel
like you have given them the swim okay
go back to your hotel you feet have a
feeling they'll see you again cuz that's
where they're just gonna go and wait for
you there in through another entrance of
the hotel possibly I mean that's that's
entirely possible Alexander and
Donnell are you going back to the hotel
what are you so Alexander tells you
you're being followed
yeah we'll probably look in the window
of a shop and have a discussion like
we're acting like we're shopping site
eyes maybe where did you fellas are that
are following us yeah trying to trying
to get trying to get a read on them so
you only saw one guy I'm following you
and and and when when he shows up in
like the reflection I like I I not a
little bit at him at the guy following
you
well no I'm so well you're pointing out
to Donnell yeah I'm not in at him in the
reflection so it so that Donnell can see
who we're looking at sure should we have
a conversation with this fellow what
sort of a conversation will we need to
have an alleyway conversation
man I'm rolling badly get rid of one
of the GM inspiration whoo much better
and carry on
so alright so you as as Donnell says
what sort of conversation should we have
you hear the crack of a gunshot and the
guy who is following you is shot right
between the eyes and just falls
backwards where the shot come from a
real-time one now we spot hidden to see
6363 hearts with a regular success
ribbon it was a roof on them up on the
right side of the street about half a
block top you think ahead of us yes
interesting yeah and I think I think we
both like flinch at that but don't like
duck or anything right what was the
distance of that shot it was you know it
was a pretty good shot that's a pretty
good rifle shot so you're not flinching
either of you and everyone else the
streets are emptying like after the shot
and you hear the whistle of a police
with a distinct whistle of a police
whistle let's go get rid of another GM
inspirations why don't why don't you
push your luck Ezra
push it I just Emma so you distinctly
hear a click and then like this awful
you you hear a gun back you hear like
just a total Jam of a gun music to my
ears
do you think we can get to that rooftop
what do you think I mean are you
climbing or or are you gonna ask
somebody if you can walk up their steps
how far away do the police whistle sound
there are a couple blocks away whatever
we do we need to do it fast it's there
destroy is there anything like a I mean
III know it's a joke to ask if there's
anything like a fire escape but is there
anything like that that would get us
alright you both made it so yeah there
is there's like a a rickety ladder
hanging down from this building my
favorite and try to follow you all right
I'm gonna put and putting with my foot
and put my foot into his cupped hands to
lift me up and sure alright both of you
make me Dex rolls alright success for
making all the rules that are in my
happy place at night you vote let's see
here I have a okay here we go
hireling all right so he's got okay so
we're gonna go into initiatives now this
is a chase so you make it up both of you
to the top of the roof and you see a
guy running down the roofs away from you
what's following so this is gonna be a
chase so we're gonna make opposed Dex
use a GM inspiration hard success
regular success damn it
alright so hard success you know
Alexander our two closer to him Donal
you're one closer to him he stumbles out
gotta with a heart success you clearly
see a jammed rifle about two roofs up
from where you are he just threw the
rifle down and took off running okay
alright next next let's do it again
chasing Jesse finally regular success
Oh critical who's critical all right he
got a critical success as well and oh um
there is like a so Donald you fall
behind again and Alexandra you stay even
with this guy who like is leaping over
things he like reaps over an alley onto
the next wave of of buildings Alexander
doesn't even pause just goes yeah yeah
we're doing it again
you guys have a lot of inspiration push
it push it
or you could push it no rooftop no let
this bunch inspire it alright okay so
yet you have been inspired 44 is it
regular Society so you get a little
closer you get it but actually you both
don't get closer because he got a hard
success and you both got regular success
he's opening right I got a hard success
alright you got okay so you stay there
um if he gets three more away from you
Tiana he's gonna get away and you are
far away from him I'm 4-layer yeah so if
he misses and you make it that sort of
thing alright well again use a GM
inspiration I've heard success I got the
what's the critical success zero so
Jonah you are one closer you're only
three away from him Donald you are now
six away um
Donald when you to jump over that alley
Alexander just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ballet left
13 is also in a critical success nice
hard success for me alright so he got a
critical success as well so you fall
one back Tiana you gain to Tom so you
are now far away and Tiana you are three
away okay if he gets to five away
sorry six away from you Tiana he is
alright he got I have to do some math
here I think that's a critical no it is
not quite so too hard you stay the same
would you get Donald a regular success
alright so we're going to one more role
for the whole thing and if you guys
catch up to him you'll catch him
otherwise he's gonna get away
so don't blur nothing on this one use
all the inspiration you want 12 which is
the the hearts the extremely critical
success 14 also critical alright so he
realizes he's not getting away he turns
around to fight you and he draws um
actually he doesn't draw anything he's
just got his fists he turns around to
fight you all right are we both there
too yeah yeah you were both you both
like as and with the with the critical
that you just got you're both like you
both run out up but he gets to a roof
that is too far for him to jump and so
he stops and he turns around and he just
turns around with his hands put his
hands up like this you know what the
hands is hold on hold on he'll say
something in Chinese I'm really angry
Chinese under the symbol no weapons hold
and meanwhile Alexandra's hands are yeah
yeah no I'm not I see what he's doing so
I'm not quite reaching just yet but my
hand is like is like a freaking gun
sling I ready to just go for it and
alright he's not he's not being
aggressive towards you but he is not
like we're all friends here and he is
like he's saying things and angry
I'll just keep keep hands up I'm not
armed
I'm not gonna fight you I'll just try to
say you you shot
fellow who's following us why angry
Chinese I'm gonna I'm gonna like move
move slowly and pantomime away from him
like shooting and then closing baton
back in his face and then be like why
when you do that he laughs interesting
was does he look like he has any
shrapnel or anything no my mmm you're
helping us right
why bang a shot yeah he gets shot like
here and he likes staggers backwards and
alls over whirl and we'll the shot was
definitely behind you alright you make a
hard spot hitting I'll let you see the
right is ya 16 we'll do it all right out
of 63 I got it no this was a long-range
shot you see a Chinese guy several
buildings back like across the street
this was a this was a shot from a ways
away this was not gonna be a pistol shot
this was definitely a rifle shot and
he's not sticking around he's gone like
as soon he was just there to kill that
guy and he's gone amazing we have a lot
of people with long-range rifles around
us check out the fellow is he dead or
just bleeding what's the situation the
ski is dying is he is he on the roof
with us still yeah
oh no sorry he plummeted over the side
he did the stunt man damn like look look
down over the edge and see what the
situation is down there all right you
see that let's see here you see that
he has from the way that his knee
Marilyn is the mark he has a tattoo that
you can see from the way that he fell
it is dot dot dot verbal ellipse here we
go it is three Chinese characters uh
one on top of the other over his heart
okay
and those Chinese characters seem very
familiar to you Tiana where they were
the same ones as where on his hand yeah
okay I'm gonna like crouch down and send
and like look over the edge and like
draw them in the dirt didn't try and in
imprint their their shape in my mind so
I can feel pretty good about that uh
there is you see a you see one of the
police has turned the corner and is
running towards the shot man all right
and I'm Jess you're back at Donald's as
we get it so we can get away from the
edge V like we should be elsewhere all
right yeah you can you you have a
choice you can stick around and see what
goes on
but maybe get involved with the police
or you can just get out of there let's
leave yeah I have no interest in being
involved with the police okay yeah so
you make it out so everybody gets
back to the hotel at lunchtime and you
share the fun that you've had goes on
tight again way to hit the snooze button
that's a pro that is a pro yeah so we
tell them all all about the person who
was following us and how he got shot and
the person who shot him got shot there's
a lot of people with long-range rifles
in this city and I'm not thrilled about
that kind of like what happened last
night
just with knives yeah and what happened
last night
it was this was a was killed by someone
with the knife by someone else following
us right we're being followed and
whoever's following us is being followed
by someone else and
are killing the ones are following us I
mean do you remember the the tattoos on
the guy's hands
yeah the smiley faces they were not
smiley faces and I actually like pull
out hotel pen and paper and draw them
keeping them as hands very far away from
what I'm doing somebody and you know you
get a scent they could they could give
you a sense of what that is do they
match the symbols that Emma had written
no it literally says the bloated lady
okay or really it's bloated lady I mean
that's what the guy wrote when you you
ask the guy to write the bloated letters
and that looks like that's what the
tattoo is so do we think that their
whole fangs people whose whole Fang
whole thing is a mob boss in the area
who will diligently execute anyone who
mentions the bloated lady we're gonna
get our rooms right oh yeah yeah we're
so what be very careful about asking
about that he's opposed to the bloated
lady or I don't think so I think one of
the best ways to prevent someone from
sealing away what your cult is
worshipping I could be wrong he could be
killing people numbers of the bloated
lady but I'm uncomfortable asking him it
really sounds like we have two factions
going on here and one of them might be
in our favor and it's hard to get well
the enemy of our enemy is gonna be as a
fringe more than in favor of us in
particular but so how do we find those
people because they seem to be killing
the people they seem to be killing the
people that were chasing or finding or
you know our interacting way you know
they seem to always be one step ahead of
us
I mean that's just the story of
everything since Jackson Elias died miss
that guy and he ended up dead perhaps we
need to hire an interpreter there's some
guy to come with us that's a great idea
because I know nothing I I would I would
have given $50 to watch an interpreter
follow us across those rooftops dollars
should we spend the 500 Mexican silver
dollars it is to obtain information on
this boat that we're looking for so we
had a word he had a word with with the
Harbormaster nasty English sort who
decided that he was going to be very
upfront about being bribed and then
forgetting that he was ever asked he
doesn't I mean he probably knows what
shipped the as this picture references
but he wants $500 to tell us that's a
lot of money do we have any dirt on him
so we can blackmail the blackmailer and
not pay the money I mean I could just I
mean silvano has taught me anything
don't just take the first offer oh I
mean I can also see if I can finagle it
and make it look like we're paying for
other fees for things that we will then
have to kind of do without but j-dub
accounting I like should I make a
creative accounting role to see if I yes
yes yes well inspired if we have to yeah
you're gonna need to inspire that or I
could push it yeah oh then you get an
inspiration well you know we could you
could push it and then if it doesn't
work you can still inspire it right yeah
no no if you don't something bad happens
well let's see if I failed the
inspiration then I'll push it the other
way I think we should you take the hard
success there there you go yeah you said
you had you had in starting in New York
you'd actually created an account for
just bribery and you've been slowly
squirreling away in
money in there and you've got about you
know $1,200 and just bribe money that
you're ready to go with now there's $700
left in there that's a lot though of our
bribery money to give away to one boat
yeah no no no we gotta talk to him about
it maybe maybe we can soar anything
getting dirt on the on the boat or
something or having some reason why
we're looking at that specific boat that
would be bad if we didn't find them we
already have a good idea of where that
boat is that's something to keep in mind
we may just find out information that we
already know so do we want to spend
money on that I mean we might get a time
frame and that could be useful it would
be useful well and a and an exact like
shipping log like if they were shipping
something like the crate that was back
in the one in the warehouse in London
also but I get a name of an owner I
think I think I must write someone
should go and and do a little bit of
bargaining not me that is something that
I am terrible at I am much more direct
owned like this we need you and then
after John bribes the briber and then we
can all go and get our palms read it'll
be fun yes what
sure oh no no and I show that I show the
rest of them the paper yeah at basically
mr. Leung he's talking about the stars
are right and he's gonna appear beyond
the mask he may have some some insight
am i do what do you think this is
someone like bells it could be I mean it
could be one of two things it could be a
secret code drawing people in who
understand the code or it could just be
phooey but there's there's two sides of
this coin we find something interesting
or we listen to the headdress argue with
Joan Joan about how the fortune teller
isn't really telling the future so I
mean it's a win-win it's like dinner
with you just bring a snack and a drink
so I'm lordy Emma is the most dangerous
Emma
yeah the time freezing ritual how long
does it take to cast that I am freezing
ritual takes it takes like it takes
about six seconds to combat okay all
right just curious that's the thing that
your reason you there's someone who
hates D&amp;D what that's nothing you chose
iso or like yeah yes your afternoon
good-bye you're casting this rule sort
of rituals all right so you're gonna
most of you are gonna hang out outside
the harbormaster's area having a cup of
tea while Joan you're gonna go in and
bargain most importantly Joan do you
know what a reasonable bribe is that's a
good point maybe under either let's see
I could do either under my appraised or
I mean she knows bribes all the time
yeah yeah yeah yes I'm going I know how
much this is worth
I wanna pray all right both of Chanukah
praise rolls
nickim you've gone nuts I got a zero too
serious so I mean part of the problem
is that a bribes worth exactly what
you'll pay for it
you know in and so you know that $500 is
a lot but if you really need the
information it's not that much you know
unless you have some leverage to bring
the guy down or you know make it you
know you figure if you made a
counteroffer of half of that that would
still be ridiculous and he'd still
probably take it that's what I'm
thinking what do you think
Solana can do that and the rest of the
money can go towards booze I like it
[Laughter]
alright so you walk into the
harbormaster's your I have that I
have the picture - I got the picture
from you just so I could say yeah and
and we're hanging out of the cafe across
the street Spurs are close by
but so I don't have to deal with wanting
to put a knife between his in between
his eyes
yes mom how can I help you yes you can
help me I know you talked to some people
this afternoon about a certain ship and
I pulled out the the picture ah yes yes
come to pay me the bribe then I I've
come with a counteroffer
we cut III offer half of that cuz I know
this area I know this it where are you
will and you are asking for way too much
and I don't mind helping a personnel but
that was way too much half terribly
sorry that I've offended your
professional courtesy my goodness so
you're suggesting that you will pay me
250 Mexican silver dollars and I will
tell you the name of this boat is that
correct and oh and do go on oh god it's
the Duchess he's getting more and more
more do I hear more and more the Duchess
so that's starting to get me anything
didn't they explain to you that we need
to know who the ship was who owned it
was it say a friend of a friend we're
trying to track them down and I don't
care why you don't need to know why
exactly
so all I care about is that unpaid this
is a business transaction exactly and
I'm telling you how much I'm paying it
well I'm very sorry to tell you that the
price I'm committing a crime madam oh
you're potentially committing a crime
yeah you're committing a crime like you
know what are their ears in the walls
that are hearing us how long have you
been in Shanghai yes there are ears
everywhere then why are you talking so
freaking loud because I know who to
bribe you don't ha I know you you yes
part of the reason I need $500 is that
I'm gonna have to spend at least half
that to not get myself killed
Oh
so we're talking a pretty big time ship
here then hmm I bet I could make some
more guesses and look at some other
places if you don't want the money then
well we can go elsewhere but this guy
has ice in his veins it's like yes by
all means go to the other Harbormaster
oh one minute that's not another
Harbormaster my mistake it don't need
another Harbormaster we can we can
probably get somebody else out here who
knows about the ships there's a lot of
people who work here you know but you
you are the one you're the one I thought
that we could make a deal with but it
seems like you're just gonna be a
stubborn ass so I made a deal you know
not every one of the docks about that
boat no and do come back and tell me how
that goes for you you know what I'm even
gonna do you a favor it's not dar it's
dar K go down to the docks asked
everyone about a yacht with Doc and
flash that photo around and don't tell
me how that goes for you Oh five hundred
dollars right now and get all the
information you want without probably
getting killed it seems a very fair
offer no well thank you yeah I I don't I
don't I don't deal with people who are
just asses about this the kind of stuff
I'm not gonna do with you I've dealt
with other people before so bye I'm
gonna walk out have a good day I'll wait
for the next one of your group to bring
the picture I'm gonna go back to the
cafe and tell those guys what happened
and I got it I got some more information
though got I got that it's dark it
starts dar K is what he says now he
could have been lying but he gave me a
some more to work on but he would not
take any less he just flat-out said you
know he said he needed it to bribe other
people but he's the Harbormaster so why
would he have to bribe other people
bribe other people to what purpose
well then he said so he didn't get in
trouble and people wouldn't kill him so
that gave me another clue that perhaps
this society this this might belong to
the person that we're whose name we're
not going to say out loud here mm-hmm
interesting I wonder so that's what I
got out of that one but he's he's
waiting for somebody one another one of
us to come in and talk to him about it
but here I'll give you the picture back
listen if I go in and talk to him again
he won't have to worry about someone
else coming to kill him just make sure
the boat is not presently in the harbor
yeah I was about to say can I roll like
spot hidden or something just to see if
I can what what ships I you could do
like an afternoon of search it would be
a lot easier if you could ask people
about the boat but that seems like
according to what is the Harbormaster
that's not a great idea
yeah I agree you know just wondering I'm
going hey have you seen this book yeah
no I mean there's gotta be a vantage
point that we could go to I mean again
it's the same thing as like searching
around sure isn't it too late you know
what the boat looks like you could but
it's not gonna be a like five minute
thing it's gonna be a let's walk around
the entire Harbor yeah we already have
good reason to believe that it's left
well but maybe it could be bad cuz that
looked like it does it does it from
looking at the picture does it look like
a cargo ship to me or more like a yacht
or a cruise I'm gonna look at the
picture I'm I'm no it looks like it
have you seen it actually looks kind of
like if you've seen the FDR boat at Jack
London Square
yeah it looks kind of like that so this
this is a personal vessel so it could
very well belong to the gentleman but
that should narrow it down because if
this Harbor is like any other harbor
that I've seen in the world they have it
separated out so that there's cargo
ships and fun personal chef and personal
vessels so if we can figure out where
the personal vessels are we can focus
our attention there and narrower this is
just some boat this is a very expensive
fancy yacht that's all I'm going to be
certain secluded section for the very
wealthy owners which means it may be
difficult for us to get in there but
we'll burn that we get there having been
in a port town oh I don't know like New
York and other places though yeah you
know where Emma spent a lot of time in
New York the port doors yeah but I mean
there's usually a space where you can
wait for the bar of what that's where
she was at there's usually a plea that
is a great idea where did the sailors
hang out let's go to that ba-bye here's
the problem with that if we run into the
asking people questions problem I also
don't speak the language that also we
have got to hire an interpreter mmm but
usually there's a place by a guy in
older towns that you can see out over
the port yeah you can easily find a spot
so I want so you have you have the
picture so you kind of know what it
looks like if you if you're gonna if
you'll I'm gonna give you the project
management pyramid here you can you can
go if you spend more time I'll give you
an advantage die if you don't spend more
time then it's just a straight wall this
is gonna be a spot hidden role and for
the five of you have to make it I will
take some time with us I'm gonna say
successful I just need six successes and
a hard success is to success nice check
yeah and I'm gonna take time like mine
well know it if you're taking on
everybody's taking time together you're
gonna spend the app casing on this
entire Harbor looking for me all right
you have a bonus die on this a bonus
that would just wait till another
another ten okay advantage I was one
make sure it wasn't dirty talking we
don't like it I got a regular success
all right that's one one regular success
too yeah I got a ten critical success I
got through my
at a critical success no problem you
guys blow it away and with two critical
successes like you find this thing
without having to ask anybody at all
just for you get a good vantage point
and you see that there is indeed a yacht
there and with two critical successes I
will also give you you see that the name
of the yacht is the dark mistress oh no
that's what I was actually I I'm I'm
more concerned about it being attached
to Bonet somehow that would be
interesting if it was Benicia wouldn't
it how did she get all that money
yep I mean Carlyle was pretty rich is
hmm in some sense of is yeah you get
that the you you know it's it's on a
somewhat secluded dock and as you
expected and Yoel's there it looks like
there's about let's say a total of you
see like five crewmen okay what's the
security like there's a gate there's a
locked gate out to the dock how will we
ever survive yeah but more interesting
on to the boat and who's on the boat
currently that's an excellent question
now that's the kind of question that
will cost you five hundred dollars
that's also potentially worth five
hundred dollars not something that we
could have done by walking around to an
afternoon well is it or could we do we
take the opportunity to go onto the boat
or we could stay at a distance and watch
who comes and goes to see if there's
anyone who would recognize mm-hmm also
possible not volunteering I I recommend
that if we're doing this we take it at
shifts and yeah watch it I mean you do a
proper stakeout musically there's more
library to use
so it is it is four o'clock at this time
and so you're gonna leave one person
here no thank you
we don't travel alone I also I'm gonna
recommend that we try to find somewhere
where we can get a pair of binoculars
sure that's no problem you can you can
buy you can buy almost anything you want
in Shanghai if you're willing to pay
cool so we'll get one to two pairs of
binoculars hmm
yeah Jim so if something so we have two
people that's not obvious at all
watching now watching it would be most
Eagles it would be one per group so that
one group could walk away and the other
group could be in their location so we
split up and we don't take the same spot
as each other but we relieve each other
in time so like if you guys wanted to be
over here let's say by this tree sitting
on this park bench and then maybe the
three of us are like up on the hill
reading a paper you know and at a
certain time you guys could walk as soon
as you see us and that we could sit down
so we're doing it in sets of two and
three
yeah unless you I could go home and take
a nap that's fine too err the dog so two
people are staying here until what like
8 o'clock and then the next group is
coming is that is this gonna be an
all-night watch I mean if they're coming
you won't be able to watch them at night
yeah there's a couple lights out to the
dock but would they be leaving at the
middle of the night maybe would we get a
good enough look for it to matter at
that distance and that light yeah so I'm
going to recommend them that we have the
first group stay until it gets too dark
to really get much in the way of the
view and then the second group picks up
first thing in the morning what sounds
fun
or the second group sneaks on the boat
see I'm very tempted by that I really am
that's said I also don't want if we're
going to run into something I'd like to
have all of us there because
intelligence first before we go on the
boat yes I agree
we're gonna be watched 
so it would be a good idea to have one
person watching the Watchers,
we need to know who these two factions
are
whoever is
taking watch tonight is gonna be going
back to the hotel after dark maybe three
of us for this first shift in the
evening so the three can be safer
together the next two would take over I
volunteer to not have to wake up first
thing in the morning no I'll still the
first shift and Alexandra myself
and Silvana deputy or Simona I mean it
so we we want to be careful not to the
front load one group who's gonna do the
shooting for me when I do my watch just
carry Emma I do the stabbing okay so
who's gonna stab or shoot anything for
me yeah Emma will hang out with us then
she should be fine okay
Jonah and Silvano are you just going back to
the hotel
that's what I was gonna do well how late
is it it's 4:30 how late does the
library stay open it closes at 5:00 okay
uh no but your fortune told
occult bookstores a fortune out that
headdress why are you worried about a
fortune teller
no I can get information from him no
have all of us go this would be a show
[Laughter]
let's look for a bookstore all right I'm
down with them okay Jonah and Silvano

you find a book store
that's open late and there's a
guy who he wants to sell you books about
the Dao de Jing and that sort of thing

I'm looking
for two things the first one I don't
think will be too difficult but I would
love a book on learning the language
translating from English to written Chinese
I just want to read and
write. I certainly have books for
you.
Ok, you now know
rudimentary written Chinese.
I'm also interested in folklore
legends myths. There is rich folklore of China, thousands of years old and
ongoing and there's just crazy stuff.
he thinks it all has a grain of truth
to it I mean you you look at you look at
the the zodiac and and you know I'm I'm
for instance what is your blood type sir
we tell a great deal
about you with your blood or there's the
old ways. would you like a book on the I Ching?

The occult books here are vanilla stuff. I
will ask him though if if he knows about
any any fortune tellers or seers around
the area I'm just I'm interested or not
still on this okay have a Shanghai is
full of fortune tellers it is a booming
business here yes so they're very
important in our culture

all right the three people on watch, there are
five big guys loading crates on the boat
a couple look
like the crates in
that warehouse
we gotta get on this ship my box is on that ship

I'm talking about that box the one that
you remember this you weren't there you
didn't you weren't with it was Jackson
Elias with me McGillicuddy, emma tried to smash
it with the crook end of the crowbar.
so make sure not to smash anything next
time 
this boat is
not the sort of boat that's gonna sail
to America sure
but does it look like their their
preparing to leave 

all of a sudden, guys just sort of come out of the
surroundings around you these guys were silent
and one of them is wearing a suit a
Western suit and he says my employer
wishes to invite you to dinner
can't you see I'm busy hang on and may I
ask who your employer is those questions
are dangerous yes those do those
strangers I will tell you that my
employer noticed your
interest in that boat. Donal agrees, and the guy says "please follow me"