last time there was hijinks all
throughout Shanghai Amy got to meet the
only person they found in this whole
game that seems totally uninterested in
the Cthulhu Mythos and yet owns a whole
bunch of artifacts Madame Lin who
also goes by the nickname the Jade
swallow she she is a major business
reputable and irrefutable places and she
was warning the players about
where is he here he was on top until I
knocked everything off my debt until my
cat knocked everything off my desk
hey how's this for ASMR ah whole thing
whole thing mr. Fang is the criminal
boss of Shanghai and probably he's
working with various dark forces
you've met various dark forces you were
you were saved
somewhat by East Tago Tora the Japanese
intelligence agent and his guys hang
high but that's when you found out
you've finally answered the question
that no one has been asking when they
should have been who is the headdress of
eyes and the answer is that it's Audrey
Penn you member of the Carlyle
Foundation all-around bad person
probably egomaniac probably from yeah
Hooters himself a god and he used the
headdress to follow the party to Taro's
warehouse and wipe out most of his
agents and when the pub but the party
got a good a good step on him and he
fled then you guys as is your want you
split up and several of you went to
check out Penn Hughes boat several of
you went to the library Amy Winton had a
lovely breakfast with madam Lynn where
she met her gorilla bodyguards and she
also got to see a number of methyls
apparently those artifacts and the
people who went to the library we're
looking for places of power in Shanghai
and it was suggested that they go to the
Shanghai Museum which is where they're
headed now and they were given the name
of mr. Mao to go and see what they could
find out and Alexandre and Donald
decided
didn't really decide they were decided
for to go and sneak on to the dark
mistress and use yacht they did so and
they found they found a portal that
seemed to go to a desert island
somewhere they found a closet door that
when they opened it it just opened onto
a desert island they did not step
through the door they continued to
search the boat all of a sudden they
heard footsteps up at the top of the
boat and that's where we ended the
episode Amy's got some more bits for us
500 from NGC 457 to Ezra because killing
them before it said in g27
84 whatever he is he is my
third-favorite twitch user now you know
you've made it when when Ezra mutilates
your username you're somebody kid rachel
was fascinated by my ability to
misremember games like I I'm in no
danger of senility but I can't remember
names too I'm always like we're playing
the animal crossing game by the way
thank you if you're playing animal
crossing for skipping kk sliders concert
and being with us we really appreciate
it but I miss I miss name every
single one of the people on our own and
she somehow knows who I'm talking about
I'm like oh that's what brand is doing
his name's Justin you guys should work
at Starbucks together a Starbucks
character because I Starbucks worker
because I'm angle every name it's
amazing alright so we're gonna start
with Emma coming to the Shanghai library
hoping that she would meet some of her
friends there but the only person in the
library is a very confused grad student
who has been asked a lot of weird
and he would know our whereabouts is
what you're saying
yeah I was a I forgot is this the
gentleman who was talking to me about
feng shui yes and I think if I
remember correctly
he really didn't have anything for me as
far as I think we went through this and
I think he didn't have any real
information for me
no no well he did I mean so the thing he
told you is that you you would asked
about like Fung Shui is like defense or
something like that
and he had told you that in Chinese
mythology demons move in straight lines
and so a if you want to Fung Shui stuff
you can block all of the straight lines
and and slow demons down interesting and
then for the best of my recollection
because I didn't write it down because
it was way too fast
I write down the poem for him oh sure
does he know where it's like how do I
reference that how do I find that so
when you say that and I'll just I'll
just repeat it for the because it was
awfully long he will recognize it
here we go
in the hunt the wise King uses beaters
on three sides only for going game that
runs ahead the quarry chooses its own
fate
so what what does that mean
traditionally does he know eaters are
people you would send ahead and they
would have to like beat the brush to try
and scare things out of the undergrowth
and to run ahead and so he's like well I
guess you know you really only want to
use it on three sides because the hunter
has to be on the fourth side so that the
beaters are driving everything towards
the hunter and then you know and then he
says I guess the second part is about
picking off the the weak and the slow
yeah okay you forego the quarry that
runs ahead
that's interest
is there traditionally does he know what
that outside of just the literal is
there any sort of symbolic study on that
oh yeah all right yeah he'll say that
often when often this I Ching is
involved with people think that the the
number three there and the three sides
is what they consider significant and so
often if this is part of your fortune
and the I Ching you'll do something
three times
hmm and it's not a good omen or a bad
open it just means you do something
three times I mean it's a good omen if
you're the hunter it's a bad element if
you're the quarry okay and he also
says that often the quarry chooses its
own fate is you know you give someone
three chances to do something and if
they don't you just cut it off got it ah
so I would recognize that as the
American like Oh God because usually I
personally personally Amy doesn't live
by the three chances
Amy only lives by two chances three
strikes you're out kind of like and the
McCann true Amy can't remember what that
is because Amy doesn't live by that
proverb but mo understands that a sports
ball thing like sport got it she
understands three chances you're out
okay yeah yeah that's that's that's
right that's that's a good way to put it
um and so it is you know go ahead like
everything with the i-ching
it is always it is always sort of
interpreted by the individual and so you
know when you say like here's what it
means
that's all very theoretical because I
Ching is totally the it's all based on
sort of I read this and then I sort of
figure out how it applies to myself got
it that's kind of fortune-telling you
can't be exactly exactly
and so I forgot what his name is
love love whatever your name is
did you the last time we were here did
you happen to see if my friends had
returned here have you seen them today
yeah yeah they were they were looking at
old maps of Shanghai okay and do you
know specifically where which like which
map or which location they were looking
for they know they just wanted to find
old historical locations and they were
looking for books like that and I I
suggested they go to the Shanghai Museum
okay and I suggested they talked to to
mr. Mao who is kind of the curators
there okay
all right you've been extremely helpful
thank you bye sure you know none of you
have paid me any as you like walk out I
know I'm like Silvano's got the money
[Applause]
[Laughter]
all right so now we're gonna flash to
the boat oh boy so we will you you
are both trained combatants and you know
things so both of you make me a listen
rule oh yeah hard success yeah and
filled up I three but I'm not
gonna use my luck on it all right so
with a hard success Alexandre like
leans over to Donnell and she's like
there's four no five there's five of
them
and Don's like there are you hear you
hear it sounds like five people and with
a hard success I will give you three of
them are very heavy footfalls there
there is snow there what I would assume
to it to be the Fishman based on the
density of the person that whose throat
I slit earlier that would be very fair
okay all right I don't know how quickly
you do density met how the Alexandra
does density math in her head so well
it's not so much density math as it is
this is how much force I had to exert to
help hold him up after he went limp and
so they are not I mean it seems like
they're coming into the boat but it
doesn't seem like they're on alert okay
both of you make me luck rules 17 so
that's all right
well you both needed successes so you
will hear as as somebody comes down the
stairs you hear in English
someone says wait did we leave this like
this guys guys come here and now you
hear in quick order the the your your
on the very bottom level of the boat
there's one stairway down to where you
are and you hear people fanning out
on the deck on the the deck above you
all right but there's but there's only
one there's only one staircase coming
down here so this is a natural choke
point sure all right I'm gonna get a
range position where I can observe the
staircase you get close to the staircase
we'll split up and it comes to it all
rather attention away from you you get
them from behind got it
sounds good let's do this all right so
your your your essentially your plan is
you it's clear they are searching the
boat yeah one of the time we might take
these guys down but how big is this
boat it is I I've used this as a
reference point previously although I
get that for some people this is very
abstract but Jaclyn and square in
Oakland they have FDR's old presidential
yacht and I'm really bad with
prospective distances but so there's
like six let's see on the on the the
deck below there are about six rooms
three on each side four on each side
eight rooms and we'll call them eight
feet wide rooms so it's it's about forty
feet long the boat we'll call it okay
if we're fast and quiet we might be able
to get past them while while they're
looking in one direction because I can
hear where they are you can hear that
they have split up and they are looking
in every it will not take them long
there are five of them
it sounds like three of them are in the
deck above you and two are on the top
okay
the next deck can we get out too if you
over the top deck so you you go up these
stairs you're in the deck of the boat
you go you're you're in the the main
sort of living quarters of the boat
you go up one more deck you're on the
deck of the boat you can get out not
ideal but by getting trapped down here
by five of them is even less ideal
there's only one staircase we can take
them down one at the time rakaat you
will recall that when you were down here
you heard a curious kind of whining
noise that's right that did not sound
like a normal engine that noise is still
there and it's like maybe getting
slightly louder on both of you make me
con rules it success sixteen oh my god
twenty-four I just made alright
everything's fine
yeah nothing's great there is you
haven't really had the chance to like
you haven't really looked around down
here because right when you got down
here and heard that noise these guys
showed up so I'm going to abstractness
I'm gonna say I'm gonna give you one of
you made the luck roll one of you didn't
so I'm gonna give you a d6 actions
before they come down here so I reeled
the two mmm so you have two actions
before somebody will come down here you
each have two actions before they will
come down here so let's let's start
alexandra your first action alright
I want to try to find out where that
wine is coming from because if there's
something down here that that might bite
us in the ass I'd like to know that all
right it's clearly over by the engine
all right I'm gonna do you know anything
about do you have any engineering skill
or operate heavy machinery
okay okay so you go you you head over by
the engine where the noise is and it
looks like an engine make me let's
let's see we'll call it make me a power
forty-six just made it alright there is
a faint green glow to this whole back
area which even to your I'm not a sailor
eyes he's curious Donal your first
action might as well get some use of it
being down here he also wants to search
around a little bit and see what's in
these boxes or what's what they're
storing down here all right you you
start opening boxes there is a lot of
there's a weird mix of machinery that
you don't recognize unless you I mean if
just double-checking don't think I do
okay not see anything yeah so there's
like machinery of some sort that you
don't recognize did you serve in the
war so Donald probably none he was
basically just in the insurgents or so
yeah none of this none of this looks
familiar to you all sorts of machinery
wit mere weirdly mixed in with what
looked like cult items or like you know
there's a bust of some horrible tentacle
thing so that was your first day
Alexandre your second action alright
having identified that it's machinery
that's glowing green I don't want to
touch it because no I'm gonna get back
over to the stairs and try to set my
in a position where only one person at a
time can get at me and I and I can get
at one of them okay
is it use the choke point you are you're
a you know you're a seasoned combatant
so I'm just gonna give you this like
that works fine if they're just using
hand to hand but if they have guns yeah
unfortunately I'm reasonably sure that
they have guns but I also don't have
much in the way of options okay so you
are you are in a position where you can
stab anybody who's coming down the
stairs and you figure if it's one of the
big guys like they're the only ones that
can come down this stairway sure Donal
your second action he will move opposite
the stair so he's got a clear view of
them and then grab stack some boxes up
to make some cover for himself and get
his gun already ready the weapon okay
thank you and trade on the staircase all
right that's nuts that's no problem
all right so sure enough you hear
somebody coming down the stairs let's
see where do I put it is alright you
hear it sounds like a normal-sized
person come on you hear a voice upstairs
with a with an accent of some sort
sounds maybe Danish nor nor Nordea
Nordic he the voice that said earlier
hey is anybody you know did we leave
this like this says check check down
by the engine make sure the meteorite is
okay oh and you hear a guy and that's
when a guy starts to come down the
stairs I'm gonna hide maybe maybe just
maybe he'll leave
alright so Donal is like yeah you've you
built a little hidey hole behind some
boxes he starts to come down the
stairs
Alexander you feel like you could
probably hide behind the stairs you know
when he comes back he might be able to
see you because these are these are
those open kind of
stairs they're open panels so you can
see care of them yeah I'll go ahead and
tuck myself around and like crouch down
and get as much cover in the dark as I
can okay all right so all right so he
will come down and he walks the
gentleman walks back towards the engine
and though it seems Alexandra you can
sort of see him it seems like there's
some sort of like I don't know there's a
shuffle to his step or he's like limping
or something okay and he goes back and
he opens the engine and that green glow
gets very bright and both of you can
make Conn rolls again no success
Amy's getting the inspiration oh by the
way apparently they're playing a
drinking game in chat and so when you
know someone gets to take a shot because
I wrote a hunter and tell them how well
you hate it hundred all y'all can take a
shot now Thomas you hear that can you
get me something from the liquor cabinet
please I got a hundred everybody drinks
yeah I'm feeling like fireball might be
appropriate yes that sounds perfect
Wow yeah yeah cone is not my good score
anyway and then I roll a hundred just
like that's just insult to injury at
that point you become one with the
meteor um
you Alexandra immediately are struck by
a wave of nausea and you like gagged
audibly
um and no you know what you ruled a
hundred you vomit yeah
I was waiting for that ya know this is
the second time on a fumble that I've
thrown up roll for projectile yeah and
and sky Donnelly you see the guy slam
down the lid and go what was that hey
guys shot it out here what now
once he start saying hey guys that's it
alright so you fire blam
roll roll your attack zero three alright
that is that is double damage so this
was not your rifle right this was a
pistol
this is business 45 though this is
really loud yeah yeah there is a and I
believe that's a d-10 right D 2 +2 so go
ahead double damage so roll to D 10 plus
4 10 plus 4 is 14 well okay so yeah he
will make a con roll oh wow he rolls in
201 very good he you blow a good deal
of his side off and he's like guys and
he likes lumps down there's like a
stream of blood along the engine as he
likes lumps down and you hear footsteps
up top going what was that boom yeah and
you hear the you hear the the Nordic
voice guy say nobody go down there
nobody and Alexander you are done
vomiting you feel very weak you have a
disadvantage die to everything you have
a penalty die to everything you do son
of a alright not that you would know
what this is but you also have mild
radiation poisoning
oh how never mind I don't I don't know
what that is Alexandria has no idea what
that is so we're gonna go to initiatives
uh on let's see Sabby yard has okay
uh eighty I think maybe plus fifty right
yeah what now
these eighty plus 50 only if you're
gonna use the firearm okay use it so
you're just gonna shoot the guy you shot
again know where the target says this
guy's going down alright
you you pump another shot into him and
he is he is good and dead
blam and so that was 85 on an 80 you
hear sava yards say something in a
language you don't recognize to the guys
to whoever's with him
okay can we get a read on what general
geography it is does it sound like one
of the Asian languages or you're not
Asian it I mean sure give me you can
give me an education rule ya gonna be a
hard success yeah yeah failed it okay
yeah it's it kind of sounds like a
language you've heard before but I'm
maybe not so that was eighty seventy
seventy-five yeah you go next yeah I'm
like white white my mouth like swearing
under my breath and haul myself up to my
feet as best psych hangs I imagined I
dropped to my knees at some point in
there probably myself up leaning very
heavily on the wall and everything near
me and like look up and see see if I can
see anyone coming down no one is coming
down all right I'm gonna look look over
I've at Donald's let's see it see if I
can find him okay you'll basically give
her hand signals and so far there's zero
going up the stairs sounds like the
worst possible idea I'm it's anything
else down here that looks out of place
for a boat we've been on enough of the
damn things I mean there's this whole I
mean there's all these crates that are
full of whoo
knows what okay there's the there's a
weird glowy thing in the engine yeah
that affected me real nicely the last
time I'd like to not deal with that
again do I see anything interesting in
the crate that donal open because he
opened one of them were you in the
war
no but not unless you were a nurse then
I'm also probably too young
oh good point yeah so no you none of
this looks like anything you recognize
okay all right I'm I'm gonna take up
position again leaning on the like
bracing myself with one hand on the wall
and and have my knife and the other is
so if anyone comes down I'm gonna stab
them okay you hear a very familiar um
you hear a champ that you have heard
before happening up top know which chant
does it sound like
um it kind of sounds like the guy who
started just spilling water oh no
actually I wasn't there for that the the
fisherman one oh right yeah actually my
review word so here's somebody chanting
I was the one singing yeah yeah you hear
you hear any we're enough yeah I'm
just going I'm just gettin reading right
in the next round water starts pouring
down the stairs and you hear that Nordic
voice say whoever's down there you
should come up now wouldn't have just
one stairway into the engine room it
doesn't make any sense yes it does it's
the best way to keep this sort of thing
protected it's bad design it's a small
ship what do you want the way out I'd be
nice a trapdoor somewhere in the ceiling
any other in a way they can bring cargo
there on the stairs there must be
something maybe have a look so you're
gonna so you're gonna you guys want to
like search around you can both make
spot hidden rules yeah let's do that
okay this round the water is at your
ankles okay and I'll also join in on the
spot hit it hard success hard success
and you got a regular success got a
regular success even with the
disadvantaged I'm okay there is a there
is indeed a cargo hatch at the very back
it seems to be locked from the deck top
I can unlock that from the other side
it's locked from the time oh you're just
gonna blow it off Donal this time um
race metal or wood good point 75 that's
a failure as we want to inspire that
that is a I'll inspire it
alright roll it again 39 there we go
right it is wood so you don't know
where the lock is it's like you know
it's not a lock it's a slat basically
that they put over it when they put
stuff in so essentially you're going to
either just start firing at the door to
try and blow pieces off of it and and
and hope you either knock the door off
or I like how I keep looking up like
it's a theater of the mind right or
you're going - I don't know hope you
knock the slat off what is your what is
your are we able to see hinges on the
thing at all tell us so this is not a
hinge this is a thing that slides in
it's essentially a wooden panel that
goes into grooves on the side and then
to lock it
they put a bar over perpendicular to the
door to the to the to the two tracks
alright well let's just
yes he'll say guess where he thinks it
might be into take every shot he's got
alright enjoy glasses they open okay so
um your you will be able to do that it
will take time the question is will this
room fill with water before you can do
that boxes so here's what we're gonna do
we're gonna do a you and I are gonna do
opposed checks here and so you're gonna
use your firearm skill so I'm doing you
a real favor there and I'm gonna just
roll some dice and we're gonna see who
gets who gets more success as each Ron
and Alexandra how do you how would you
assist this this crazy plan have I
well and it also seems like something
that could theoretically be a theater
thing with it with a sliding hatch a
little bit yeah although most of the
trapdoors in theater are hinged mm-hmm
this is this is this is really not even
a door this right a panel that they
slide in over this okay and then they
I'm gonna see if I can find like a long
pole like like like what they would use
to into it to grab on to appear and pull
and pull themselves in and and and and
see if I can if I can help like when
when it when he when he puts holes into
the words when he put the holes into the
the door I help like pry it or pull it
open and that makes perfect sense help
break the thing sure okay okay Donal
go ahead and roll your firearm I will
roll I'm going to use a GM inspiration
got a regular as
did I so you blow you fire up there a
couple times and luckily those shots
seem to go through the door it's not
really splintering yet water is now
up to your calves let's do it again
keep firing 47 regular success I did not
get a success so you you put a good
chunk into the into the hole into the
the door and that means that Tiana now
you're gonna start rolling I'm gonna
give you a strength roll and so now you
guys have a chance to get to success as
each round two there one okay water is
now to your knees oh my god I made it on
a strength roll the disadvantage of time
what cool
um would you get one again eighteen
eighteen is a hard success all right so
I got a critical success so that's three
versus your three nothing happens that
round the water is now to your thighs
I'm gonna climb up on a box just
interested just so I get a little bit
regular success strength roll okay so I
failed as well so you blow another hole
in the thing so now I'm gonna give
you a bonus die on your strength roll
because the door is starting to fall
apart
no I lose my I lose my disadvantage die
it's a straight roll right forty-six
regular success Oh
716 hard success oh the birds of
paradise are coming through for me I got
another critical success so that means
another round where nothing happens the
water is now up to Donald's waist mm-hmm
there's about so there's about I don't
know will say that the deck is about
eight feet high so you have a little
room to swim it gets a lot harder to
shoot once you're swimming I'm taking
the club that's now yeah okay about two
more on this in this clip before you and
I still have a straight roll yeah
I'm gonna use a GM inspiration I'm gonna
say I want to drown you got one left
Oh God you hear a gargling noise
and like the waters the water stops for
around oh I got a hard success all right
twelve actually 82 which is a failure am
i right so tell me you'd feel the
things starting to loosen and it is it
seems like you're getting close to
getting it open okay let's do it again
zero - yeah Wow the gun is empty at this
point stays it pops open
would you get regular success all right
well I rolled a regular success but
you got an O - that's spectacular
you like splintered the door and like
the door breaks in half and kind of
falls down into the into the hold
there's still the but there's like a bar
across it which actually would be really
useful for like trying to jump up and
climb out or something but the bar the
metal bar is still across it so it's not
all the way it's the door is gone but
the bar is still there and you hear um
you know you're hey whoa what was that
lift Alexandra up into the space first
all right so you have no problem
grabbing onto the bar and there are
three of those fish guys that have very
familiar-looking well yeah familiar
looking Spears oh yeah no I remember
these things they don't have guns they
have Spears that sign and
[Music]
yeah yeah so that is actually sorry -
and the third make me a spot hidden role
okay
yes made it success find them is a
really disturbing looking guy whose face
looks like it's melting huh
he is he's sort of standing behind them
like telling them what to do and he he's
yeah he's he's just a generally
unpleasant fellow so you're climbing
up the - spear guys are gonna let's
see if they're surprised or not that one
certainly is
they both are so they were not expecting
you to pop up
so you don't need to worry about
attacks while you are getting up you
will get up there and then we will start
the melee so Donal you helped her up the
water starts up again
um it's now up to your midriff your
belly button kind of and yeah can we
see where the water is coming front can
I see where the water's coming from at
this point no cuz that's below deck you
are all the way up on the you're you're
all the way up on the hole yeah okay
okay he had to like push you up so you
could get up there because it way a good
ways up it seems like that's
happening in the cabins our way that you
were in was in the cabins alright so
now we're gonna go back to initiatives
you Donal have an 85 you're gonna need
to stack some boxes to be able to get up
to that bar box he's actually but I'm
what do you know he's gonna Jack the
clip a fresh one in reload and it tucked
the gun away with it quickly with
practice you know effort it did grab a
box and try to work his way out of here
alright Donal make me a luck roll eleven
okay whoa okay so you're gonna you start
pushing boxes which is very hard in you
know waist-deep water luckily they're
very weighed down by the stuff that's in
them so you can like start to push them
under there with that with that good
roll you're gonna be halfway there so
next round you can get if you make
another luck roll or or some other roll
that you offer me you can get the boxes
set up so that you can get out of there
on an 80 captain sava yard on the on the
roof is going to try and shoot you Tiana
made it alright so bland it was a red
regular success regular success yeah he
was nice Oh
a shot rings you hear a shot ring out on
the deck Donald but it seems like you
don't scream which is a good sign no
answering cry of pain so you give
yourself the penalty die on that it'll
dead perfect okay that was that was
eighty 70s I think you you go before the
two guys alright is there a rope or
anything nearby main sure it's the deck
of a boat there's world all over I want
to drop my is it is any bit like secured
to the to the side of the ship
make me a luck roll nope nope there's
a coil of rope that looks like you know
it's just great big coil of rope that
you could use okay how far away is the
guy who shot at me he's behind the two
big guys what kind of a gun did he shoot
was it a rifle or a pistol it's a pistol
okay
you can get light cover sure I mean I'm
not gonna hide their thing that they're
looking right at you sure but I also
want to make it a little bit harder for
them to hit me so yeah you can easily
like you're behind one of those weird
u-shape
things that are on the decks of all
boats that nobody knows what they're
really for yeah and I'm and I'm small
enough to have intent to make that
reasonably useful national ever yes I'm
taking cover this round because there's
three of them in one of me okay
abnormally weak so the two guys will
essentially lumber forward with their
Spears and it looks like you get the
feeling they're trying to capture you
not not kill you because they are not
stabbing they're just sort of like
wrangling you endowed like cornering you
income interesting their mistake and
such qualms and yeah that's so they they
have you cornered they will because of
that they will have advantage on any
like dodge stuff that you do because
you're you know you it's gonna be clear
that you're coming at them and they're
like prepared they the only way you
could really escape for them is diving
over the edge of the boat I all right
back to the top Donal make me a let's
call it a for the taller one let's call
it a strength rule okay forty-six I've
got 45 strength and one look point or
you could I'll spend one luck point all
right luckiest in place next round you
can climb up alright the water is now up
to your up to your shoulders which helps
you climb up the right on an eighty
Sally yard will say to you look if you
just give up now you won't get hurt they
look like he's trying he moves around
the deck of the boat to like have a he
won't have a shot at you because the two
guys are there but he's like got the
pistol pointed in your direction like
getting rid of your cover okay I get I
guess my job right now is bait Donald
and then he says something in that
language you don't recognize he like
yells clear
speaking to someone belowdecks he yells
something in that language Donnell
Oh get out of here okay you climb up
make me a make me a dex rule 51 success
regular alright so yeah you make it up
with no problem and they're all very
surprised to see you but because you
made the Dex roll you won't have any
problem with the two guys who are
stabbing you and now we cut to the
Shanghai Museum oh my goodness so Joan
and Silvano you make it to the Shanghai
Museum and you you mention you name drop
mr. Mao asked after him and the he's a
little they're a little surprised but
they say sure yeah we can please hold on
hold on we'll get mister we'll get mr.
Mao and let's see here you will you will
find out from mr. Mao mm-hmm let's see
here he will come to meet you mister now
you I told you out or did I oh poor Sava
yard I guess I don't have a mouth all
right
so now is a an older Chinese gentleman
he he will he will introduce himself and
he'll ask you know I I'm actually an
assistant to the curator mister mister
Hyun mister who unfortunately
Raider was let go recently mr. Shen how
can I help you
well I I am in my country a an
archaeologist and I've been intrigued by
hearing about places here places of
historical interest they I've been
hearing rumors of that there are
pyramids here and so I wanted to come in
and we were we were told at the library
that you might be able to help us and
just on top of that I'm I'm writing a
book on mysticism in various cultures
ley lines in particular and and I'm
curious if if there's any parallel of
that that exists in China there's any
structures that that have ley lines huh
well that's all very your research is
very interesting a I'm fascinated by
this book title I'm I have to admit that
Chinese occultism is not not my
specialty but I do have I can
recommend to you some some scholars who
might be of assistance
I can also offer you a letter of
recommendation oh that would be helpful
yes so he starts to he gives you a list
of three guys a mr. don't don't worry
about these names you know but a a mr.
Chang Ning he gives you the name
Madame lynnie nu and he gives you the
name mr. mu Shen and when he says Shen's
name you can both make a psychology role
mmm I forgot one little thing for this
years remembers his dice tamago Torah I
also assume he gave us 500 bits and said
Crowley would know what to do he
probably would ya know what to do with
madam Lin yeah I'm just I'm just not
willing to deal with his with his
low-key sexual harassment do to get it
the answer is no eNOS no I am very very
bad at psychology so yes I did not make
ah all right
silvano oh I'm gonna fail this by the
way you can just act as though oh
yeah there we go all right yeah he
definitely has there there's some thing
about mr. Shen that he you know there's
some quick that does that mean you
recommend him squinting would you
suggest we talk to first we're a little
pressed for time yes unfortunately so I
see well madam Lin has an amazing
collection of historical artifacts and
historical information about Shanghai
mr. mr. Chang is an expert on the the
various coats and orders and benevolent
fellowships and such that are part of
Shanghai hmm and well mr. Shen used to
work here at the at the Museum he was he
was well he left under something of a
cloud he was he was there were
accusations of theft of museum property
understanding understanding but so so
you know we were looking trying to look
up things up
at the library and and and some of it
kind of speared into the occult so it
sounds like some of these people know
about the occult things but we were
specifically told to come here to the
museum is there anything here in the
museum that would show us anything about
this occult my guess is the person who
suggested you come here was really
suggesting that you come to see mr. Shen
know your name was given specifically
huh well I can I mean I'm happy to help
your your research you're looking for
ley lines yeah something that might be
of interest maybe why we were pointed to
you we would seeing older older maps of
the layout of the area well that would
explain it yes that is definitely in my
Ballack I am a geographer by by training
and I have definitely studied the
history of the architecture and the the
the layout and the city plan of Shanghai
awesome that's that's exactly the some
of the kinds of things that we're trying
to look for yes and and is there is
there a building or an area that you're
looking for in particular I think we
would be looking for patterns in the in
older layouts of the city and and and
you know it was there the equivalent of
of pyramids and what's on there right
now
pyramids yeah you know like like in
Egypt they have a pyramids
what's the well you know it's
interesting you say that because very
recently there have been some major
archaeological finds hmmm of pyramids in
that's the rumors we've been hearing so
none none are here in Shanghai there
these are all in very remote locations
that's why they've they've sort of been
forgotten and found recently it's I
mean truly scholars like yourself must
have been
very current in your knowledge to know
about that I'm very impressed we're
we're planning on doing an expedition
we're still we're seeking funding for an
expedition to go and chart these
pyramids so do you have maps of the area
that pyramids are in just that we can
kind of see how they go or I have I have
some older maps that they have never
showed up as they predate our maps of
the dynastic China cool so yeah let's
let's take a look at some of the maps
that you have so we can look for old in
most cases like thousands of miles
they're a long way away from Shanghai
Shanghai is kind of way on the coast and
China extends unfathomably far you know
across descent like we also mentioned
offhand that a couple of them are in jet
are now in Japanese occupied territory
hmm gotcha well for now I figure if you
could help professor lanten with the
locations of the pyramids I think if I
could get started on some of the older
layouts of Shanghai I could just eyeball
those and go off the knowledge that I
have and then come to you with questions
sure that of course of course
so he'll set you up with a couple of
books about the earliest settlement of
Shanghai and how its kind of evolved and
and that sort of thing and we cut to
Emma yeah you leave the library and
you are you are going to you're going I
guess to the museum is that correct I'm
following those two okay Mohini
okay Oh God I'm like where are the dice
Thomas is refusing to let me use the red
dice because he says they're terrible I
don't know what you guys did to them
who's the number one person that puts
dice funk on things um
thank God spot hidden Oh actually this
is a hard success with a forty-three
that's how awesome my spot you are being
followed
oh but didn't I already know that like I
expected that oh right surprised you
didn't men am Lin Tsai by the way I'm
following you and I was like yeah that's
to be expected did we already have this
conversation you don't think the person
following you is one of Madame Lin's
people okay so it's not it's not the
tattoo the hand tattoo person nor is it
okay well no so the hand tattoo people
are not Madame Lin's group okay yeah
actually that's what will happen you'll
get a flash of the person who's
following you and you'll see the hand
tattoo and the hand tattoo is low Fang
okay so because I had some other
thoughts hmm but I'm gonna jump in a cab
and get to the museum as soon as
possible as fast as possible all right
so you you jump in a cab like I asked
him to take me right to the door so
there's no possibility of me getting
grabbed alright
yeah you as you get in the cab you
hear some you hear some note you hear
some like hustle and bustle behind you
as somebody scream you hear like a
scream of pain and then you're in the
cab and gone okay yeah I would like
throw money at the driver and I'm like
go go go
sure so you will get to the museum
and you will see Joan and Silvano
sitting at a small table in a in a very
familiar stance sitting at a small table
in a basement flipping through books
that's pretty much where I see you guys
all the time don't I okay there hello
I'm sorry I didn't bring any snacks I
already am that was the other guy yeah
well you know I mean we always need
snacks at the library yes yes we always
sneak in some snacks and some revolvers
and I look around to make sure nobody
hears me say that one at the end take
out here and we cut it back to the boat
okay so Donal you've just climbed up
you you've you've you reloaded your
revolver and climbed up you see 2 mm
semi mostly human but really kind of
fishy guys with those kind of crab with
Spears and you see captain savvy are
the the melting guy and you will see
since you just climbed up coming up the
stairs is another one of those fish men
who has like a a pendant that you is
kind of glowing is Alexandra truck
she is cornered yeah and you well
actually
hmm I mean let's see climbing up how
would you do that stealthily maybe
they're focused on her make me a stealth
roll let's see if you make this don't
roll you have climbed up there somehow
and they didn't notice yeah I'm
definitely working to keep their
attention because I know he's right
behind me all right
oh yeah there's like you know it's
you're you're like you like have to jump
up to grab this and there's like and so
they are all aware of you and there's
like a standoff going on right now where
sava Yard has a gun pointed at you the
guys have Spears pointed they're kind of
waiting to see what you do Alexandra's
trapped right there are two guys
pointing Spears at her yeah I'm gonna
back away a little bit so that they they
have to make a choice whether they're
threatened her threaten me well Sammy
Yard has a gun and he's got that pointed
at you now back away a little bit
keeping an eye on him
assessing everybody he seems like the
biggest threat I think I'm just a draw
shoot this guy
so you're gonna start the fight let's do
here you're shooting Sava yard are you
shooting your yeah alright so you are
starting the fight so both of you make
me make me both of you make me a power
wall you can't have done these sorts of
things before let's see how instinct you
are yeah yeah yeah
so there's there's that sort of onion Oh
under undertone of communication there's
like a little just like a tiny
imperceptible nod that you both sort of
share and you know in your head you're
like all right
this is just like Budapest one two and
so you both will attack these guys you
will both have an advantage die so in
this case you won't have a penalty die
Alexandra oh so you're shooting Sava
yard and I'm guessing you're stabbing
one of the fish guys yep all right so
Donald will you do you first you shoot
Sava yard what if I do like a three
round burst at him
so 45s don't really do burst shots okay
it's not a it's not a semi-automatic
it is a blam your shoulder back alright
13 which would be a WoW critical success
he's oh god he's gonna make a hopeful
dodge roll
oh six oh there is so you know you make
the kill shot this is just like you have
like you're actually you fire and you
start to turn to like just automatically
put your focus on another one because
you're just so sure that he's dead and
you know because you're a professional
you take the look back and he's just
like managed to like flattened against
something and you missed him
the Wow alright we have you have a
yes 40 that's a half oh that is max
damage and that is six points of damage
okay so you get a
really good Scabbia on him and his skin
is surprisingly thick like there's a
layer of something in there that just
it's almost like it's almost like armor
um so you do that and he like makes a an
awful croaking noise but you have done
that all right the the guy with the
pendant starts chanting again but it's a
different chance to the extent that you
actually can discern awful you know this
is horrible not awful the other one was
awful not Saba yard is gonna savio art
is gonna run down the stairs
interesting savvy art is like you
know he just nearly died he doesn't he
wants no part of this he he runs down
the stairs the two fish men are both
gonna try and stab you Alexandra
so you should make a dodge roll here
that would be I highly recommend a very
good dodge roll here oh dear that's not
my favorite thing now didn't make it
Oh birds-of-paradise doing me right here
I'm rolling I'm really two sets of
birds-of-paradise and they're doing me
wrong Andrea this is a critical hit so
I'm rolling oh all right I take back can
I use inspiration on damaged rolls I
know that is five points of damage okay
so they're doing me well on the hit so
that was the first beer the first beer
like comes in and cracks you the second
spear is less impressive not quite
catastrophic Lee but less impressive and
now we're just gonna go to initiative so
Donal you have the actually the first
initiative you hear sava yard running
down the stairs then Donal it's you turn
and blast the chanting guy all right
let's take your shot forty-three regular
success alright roll your damaged you
can make the con roll 8 plus 2 is 10
that is a lot of damage but he still
holds on so you fired him and
um hit him in the shoulder and he goes
he staggers back but he never pauses and
he's chanting in that horrible croaking
voice but Alexandra you are next
all right I'm gonna is is the one who
stabbed me the one that I stabbed or is
it the other one the one you staff okay
I'm gonna go in and stab again okay I
did not much care for that no indeed 23
oh my that's a that's a hard success all
right you do max damage excellent
another sex all right it once again
there's that feel of like threat you
know there's something that like there's
resistance when you stab into him but
you definitely stab him the chanting guy
Donal you should make me a power rule I
failed that role unfortunately clapping
I'm like nope yeah okay good all right
darn it so that's a regular success
just regular yeah okay
so there is a brief moment where you
know you just fired at him and you you
had both hands on your gun there's a
brief moment he like keeps chanting and
he reaches out with his are they web his
webbed hands and it looks like water
comes out of your arm and like starts to
suck towards him and as you watch your
arm desiccates and like the moisture
leaves your arm and it's just shriveling
right in front of you and it's like um
it stops at about the like you just took
way too long in the hot tub and then you
like sort of shake it on and it comes
back but make me a Sandra at what
realizing what might have happened
41 success you're surprisingly okay with
that
[Laughter]
but yet and and so you made the role so
that that's no problem the two guys
with Spears on Alexandra will you
shouldn't MIT that's a regular success
so you should make a dodge roll okay no
my dog is not good right now no seven
points of damage
who cares breath better than the that's
better than the other
um second guy missus but now you are
you are beat up now there are you know
you're starting to get all sorts of cuts
across you when there's blood all over
there's also blood from this guy mmm-hmm
the the deck is getting pretty slippery
with all of this unfortunate blood
everywhere
and so we're back we're back to
initiatives something happens under uh
down in there the base of the boat the
boat starts it you you very clearly here
a budget under yeah and now Donnell it's
you okay this chanting go again alright
shoot him again eighteen
so that's God is that a heart suggest
that's damage twelve damage all right
you you shoot him once again that's
another con role oh wow alright so you
shoot him and you blow him over the boat
like he must have been standing by the
the deck and he just like sweat he does
the stunt man fall off of the boat into
the water sploosh Alexandra I am not in
a good way
how far is it from where I am to the
dock because we haven't pulled out yet
right it doesn't know
do I think that I could jump from where
I am to the boat or to the air to the
dock no you'd be going into the water
like you're on one you're on the you're
on the ocean side of the boat where you
are hemmed in ok but it's also not far
from the dock no it wouldn't be it
wouldn't be a large the swim wouldn't be
bad you know like yeah I can't take
another I can't take another hit like
that
ooh saltwater on open wounds yep
everyone's favorite thing won't be the
first time all right you are diving into
the water yeah I'm gonna use my dagger
yell yellow yellow just a sharp cry at
Donal just not no words just a sharp
this is I'm doing something and then
dive into the into the ocean okay I'm
gonna they are gonna take a penalty die
to take a shot at you as you fly over I
can find there's another 10 no oh yeah
make you should you should I highly
recommend a dodge roll here oh boy oh my
god Oh - awesome well so a spear comes
just winging like right towards your
shoulder and you in one fluid motion
dagger it away put the dagger in and
dive over the edge of the boat just in
in one a beautifully fluid motion and
you are now in the ocean sploosh
make me a con roll yeah this is gonna
hurt uh-oh I want that oh nine but
instead it's a thirty thirty nine I
missed it by four okay you could you
know there are things you could do does
that amazing jump and they're just dead
man floating inspiring my mic mic on is
it is harder to inspire them to push
yeah yeah I mean you look but you only
missed it by what 10 I that's just 10
luck because we never need that
how does walk that's a lot of logs don't
do it
the question is we've got one two three
four seven inspiration laughs how much
more do you think that we'll need it
I'd say the real question is how do you
feel about drowning terrible yes second
day inspiration inspiration Tiana all
right so you hit the water and there is
a second where the pain of like the burn
of the salt and everything hits your
body and you almost let out your air
mm-hmm underwater but you you fight
through it
and you you swim up just as so you're
not a sailor you're not used to boats
but there this boat is not normal
there's something weird about this boat
because as you come swimming up the boat
tears out of dock superfast in fact it
brings part of the dock with it jeez I'm
out of here this is a nuclear-powered
young actually and it they have just
cooked it up to full speed and so right
there they're just sort of they are
start the boat is starting to burn out
of there I'm on the ocean side Am I it
does it does the does any of the dock
come at me
no cuz the dock is gonna be it might
when they get further out but honestly
they're passed you so quickly okay that
it's it's great it's you know it's it's
weird all right
Donal the boat takes off everybody on
the deck needs to make a decks roll
turns out decks rolls are not what
fishermen are good at
but they're both the two guys with
Spears are like staggering we don't want
to run to the edge of the boat and jump
right off after Alexandria all right um
you're gonna be much farther out so
you're gonna need some swim rolls
okay I'll Jenner you don't you can get
to the dock no problem well you look
almost no problem there is still a fish
man in the water he's hurt oh yeah he's
not happy i legit forgot about him and
so it is yeah so make me
Donald make me a swim rule Alexandre
also make me a swim roll you're five Wow
I mean I mean 39 I've got the base of 20
okay so so you don't make a lot you're
like you're basically just splashing
around and trying not a pain but you do
see with a roll of a 97 you see the fish
man with the medallion like trying to
like fight his way to the surface and
just give up and like slump down and
slide down into the water he's gonna
drowned already so yeah all right there
is no longer any any threat so you guys
are not making rolls under threat so you
can both make it back to the dock okay
and when you get there there is a very
angry Harbor official who is like he
like he like puts out a he puts like a
ladder one of those like portable
ladders down into the water to to help
you guys up is it the same official that
we tried to bribe but didn't
the law of conservation of NPCs says
that it should be but it's also a hard
voice to do so so they help you up
and there is a some on some
uncomfortable questions are being asked
of you and they want to hold you until
the harbor officials can get here she
needs medical attention
yeah III like hold myself up onto the
dock and and I I don't even try standing
up I'm just sitting and leaning up
against one of the support it's like
bleeding saltwater everywhere
Wow he makes his sand roll he's like oh
oh no I'm very well very well
and so he he like yells at someone go
get an ambulance go get an ambulance and
somebody runs off what what what the
hell just happened what how did the dark
mistress get out of here so quickly we
don't know and some some sort of
powerful engine I would imagine it's the
only way it could have done that
why why why aren't were you on the dark
mistress briefly I'm not gonna say
anything my lawyer is not present that's
it man somebody should be playing an
attorney in there right that'll be
your backup backup character time what I
mean are you part of the were you on the
ship I'm sorry or something on the head
or something
Oh what happened to her and we maybe
belay the questions until after I don't
have open wounds I'm sorry I'm very
dizzy and I'm feeling faint right now
okay you hear police whistles and stuff
yeah and I think now that we've involved
local law enforcement it's time for a
break
so we will be back just as soon as six
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Sam are we bad okay I've seen things
that no one should have to see luckily
it was very small on my screen but still
uh during the break all hell broke loose
and it was outstanding J Matthews 85 my
second favorite twitch user once again
went kooky ten gift subscriptions thank
you so much and then a panthro p-- also
gave a gift subscription to one of my
probably top 37 twitch users wife winter
nightingale
I like vowels so it's you know like it's
tough there but and she's only sometimes
a vowel that's but so thanks guys for
the subscriptions and for I know Amy
appreciates the the grammar humor yeah
the dad jokes so we are going to do a
giveaway of a gale force nine deck or
the Cthulhu starter PDF set hashtag
chaos in the chat to get a part of that
man that was all all very good I think
we have some bits Amy yes and then
telephone right before we went to a
break a thousand bits came to us from
lonely Yeti zero three one two so thank
sometimes I'm really I'm feeling other
right now who's talking about killing us
earlier yeah person we can play the
blame game we could just try and come
together as a community just play the
game I'm still sad that I didn't drown
somebody there that was boy
please I do have one so so there is
Donal and Alexandra are sitting on the
dock Alexandra is laying on the dock a
beached and there's a very confused
there's a very confused harbour official
who like keeps asking questions to a
seemingly concussed Donal in a bleeding
Alexandra it is not a Kirk Donald to do
first aid yet the the the harbor
officials going to try and do some
remedial first-aid
he's from the he's from the Silvano
school of first-aid so whatever so it's
not going well he's like he's like
putting he's like I got to put pressure
on it
oh stop by the way like let me do this
move out of the way with enough threat
that he's like whoa 30 here we go
so you immediately get three hit points
back Alexandra stinging and if you
are not doing anything he is gonna just
wait with you for the police to show up
the police this being shanghaied the
police will be here far before the
medical officials yeah I can move her
feet oh no you should you should stay
laying down you I mean are those stab
wounds who stabbed you we need to get
something for these wounds impact the
wounds there's nothing here let's get
off the road you need to stay here he's
like trying to like physically block you
from leaving the dock I'm just like
exchange a look with Donald is he the
only one here yeah the other he sent the
other guy off to get the police and soui
to the water we're standing on a dock
literally read my mind there let's uh
it's oops him into the water mm-hmm all
right yeah I'll try and make a dodge
roll and fail
[Music]
Oh diving in terribly sorry boy fella
why and you guys are gone and three two
one go
both of you make me let's see I'm gonna
have Donal make a strength roll and and
Alexander make a Khan roll to see if you
can get out of there so oh my god 15
yeah so you managed right you managed to
get out of the dock before the police
show up this dock was in the Shanghai
quarter not in the International quarter
so you know I don't know I mean it's
probably fair to say the police here are
even more corrupt but you don't have to
worry about that you you are gone before
they get there the the harbor guy is
very is like sputtering and like trying
to get to the ladder to climb back up
yeah and and anywhere near you and and
and when we get far enough away from the
dock that I feel reasonably safe I'm
like we we cannot go running into the
International Quarter looking like this
we need to find somewhere to hole up and
it at least dry off did you change your
clothes let's get a taxi or something
and move to where we can buy something a
new clothes for you yeah that'll be fun
that'll be a great conversation to have
a some shopkeep I'm sure some money will
fix that
hopefully silvano has the money he's not
the only one who has the money I have
money
he just one who has all of them the main
party funds not some of these Mexican
silver dollars that's all you need
silver dollars are gold dollars they're
silver dollars okay yeah and so so so
it's so like as well we'll find a cab
and I like haul myself into him I'm sure
the bleeding isn't only slowed down at
this point yeah yeah the first aid role
has helped with that so you you are now
I mean it's very clear that you have
been bleeding mm-hmm it's also very
clear that this is not the first
bleeding person that has been in this
cab cool and the cab drivers just like
you know you slide him one of those
so Mexican Solarize like sure yeah
and and see and see if we can find
somewhere Tim I mean a thrift shop
summer somewhere to just get a quick a
quick set of clothes to get back to the
hotel and hide okay yeah
so you will I mean you could also just
like go back to the hotel and try and
get up as fast you can and ask the hotel
to get you some clothes I mean that's
what comfortable going in the hotel like
this I mean it is probably safe for a
fewer stops in between I have so it so I
did visit a tailor at some point I I do
have clothes there it'll be fun let's
get you back to your room man all right
so you guys are heading back to the
hotel so at the Museum Emma you show
up and there's a you know these two like
mr. mal will come back and say oh I'm
sorry I didn't know that someone else
was here she's with us
yeah pleased to meet you sir hello hello
I'm mr. Mao I'm a curator I mean I'm the
assistant to the curator here very nice
to meet you sir
are you are you working on the book with
these Jim with these folks I just kind
of give him a sideways glance yeah the
book and I just I'm like please go away
I see well dr you is there anything
in particular you're researching or come
help us yeah I just I'm sorry I'm here
to help
I just you know and I dig for some
notepad and paper or something nice all
right yeah you're tearing oh I I know
how that goes of course it's and he'll
leave you guys to it okay so is this
Linnaean you the same person that yes
it's yes okay we could tell you about
Lynn Lynn you yes he smokes that lady's
got some problems upstairs Downstairs
outside everywhere
Oh what we were told that she was
somebody we needed to know she
understood when to Crowley man I'd say
I'd say nine I give her a nine
I'd say she's she's that much cocaine no
not yet but we I've yet to see that
that's why I'm saying there's just
there's no she and she's at innuendo not
straight out offers so that's why she's
a nine gotcha and no cocaine maybe opium
that I didn't know about but anyway I
digress can I just kill me can we just
get to the important facts she has two
gorillas in her front yard
what yeah what do you mean she has two
gorillas I mean it just like statuary
mammal beast type type things the things
that I don't know walk on their knuckles
and she has some pet gorillas so
eccentric but they're not doing cocaine
I don't know maybe I did cocaine at
lunch because she has two gorillas
forgotten cocaine at lunch no no no
we're saying she's got two gorillas
don't go in the front yard because
they're two 900 pound gorillas people
named Tom Tom and ping and you're just
like okay but are they attacker illis
who did cocaine what's happening
can somebody for the love of God focus
we are we're trying to find our places
ley lines here's the thing is that I
suspect she would know I mean she then
tried to basically grab me every place
around the dinner table or the you know
the breakfast table she was trying to
trying to kidnap you what no that night
not that kind of little height she was
trying a little hanky-panky with me oh
so you have an in with her hmm that's
what you call that but when we had
breakfast there was okay and you had
breakfast - got it now I
found me last night I didn't go anywhere
I had breakfast with her anyway
so here's the - there's the highlights -
gorillas okay I got my fortune read she
has a silkscreen of the middle of the
universe where Toth lives what and we
okay I so thought what okay you meet
those rules you've never been there
no well oh wait nick has been Ono know
that someone else has been there the
mustache has been there but you could
not make those I know can't there's no
way I could do that if I wanted to thank
you for presenting me and well you guys
are making rolls she's got nine bells
which apparently she uses to contact the
other side she has this book called the
lost city of Africa something observe
observe ations of Africa and I'm sorry I
forgot to bury the lead she also wants
to kill Jack Brady because he stole some
books some books it's books right if
seven cryptic the books of Hassan yes
part of the course in Shanghai though
everyone wants to kill brave I believe
you've heard about those books before me
or him ooh so on eleven cryptic books of
Hassan were mentioned it would be
silvano right well you know what thanks
fine yeah now we all have to drink
thanks oh right sorry
yes everything's fine is water or it's
water
oh yes it's water yeah water hmm
good for you eight glasses a day and
then she was so here's the thing after I
see all this crazy stuff she tries a
little hanky-panky then I asked her how
much does she actually know about these
artifacts and she says oh I just collect
them because my business partner what
I'm gonna air quote that I don't know
really what
what that's all about my business
partner whole Fang right that's his name
whole thing the whole thing I know I
don't want to know I don't like to
interrupt the players but Jamie Massey
is 85 won the giveaway but he bought I
love it I love it
congratulations and chat is now firmly
believing that everything is rigged and
then yeah I mean none of us are smart
enough to rig any of this well I don't
claim to have a smarter than we actually
you donate 10 subscriptions you'll get
something there we go
I was would say you know who raised it
nightbot hate that guys night so hard
was night bought an Autobot or
Decepticon Decepticon ok so where was
that my in the rent Oh her business
partners here's the thing she claims
that like I don't know anything about
this stuff because her partner she just
tries to buy this stuff out from under
ho Fang because she doesn't want him to
have it which i think is complete crap
Crowley was more for trite forthright
yeah he also didn't have two gorillas in
his front yard so there that we knew of
but but who cares about the gorillas you
having in with her you can't guess in I
don't want to have to fight a gorilla
well we don't you have yet she knows you
we could go and say hi right well let's
finish here we have to get wasting time
and we have precious little she would
love it if you came and said hi we need
you I need you to try and do this ritual
tonight if we can so have we found
anything in these books that give us any
idea that there's power things around
here there's always power somewhere both
of you a library use bowls
all right well and I just have a
question oh I mean how much do we
involve her because again I think that
she's not telling me anything that's
truthful inspiration so was it like some
should I write her a note and and maybe
have her find a place for us to do this
ritual I mean I just I don't believe
that she's completely innocent of
everything of anything of all the things
that another drink anything and none of
the things where maybe she could but no
that's a terrible idea
never mind cuz then what happens if she
brings her men lines okay fine
give me a book Joan you you find you're
looking at like the pyramid stuff and
you find it is very recent
it's like 1919-1920 when they first were
starting to be found
the first reports of them were coming
out and so there is sort of active
archaeological work being done and and
again this museum wants to put together
a and you did you get a heart success or
regular success I get a regular okay so
yeah this mute this the Shanghai Museum
is trying to put together a an
expedition to one of those pit to the
closest one of the pyramids because they
are you know they're quite far from
Shanghai in terms the ley line stuff
most a great deal of the buildings in
Shanghai are quite old it's it's an old
rickety city there's sort of the old
town part of it that is mostly along the
water the Bund and that sort of thing
here this will I won't keep this up very
long but this is 1920s Shanghai that is
the waterfront of 1920 Shanghai Wow and
where does where does Lin live compared
to this did she live in an old part a
new part
she lives in an old part of town okay uh
she news she lived on you you on road
which is in the old city and there was
nothing weird about her sell her house
except the gorillas right that's
right and you know I mean she had guards
and stuff but but if you're super rich
I'm assuming that's a thing yes I think
that's fair to say yeah I don't know I
mean I don't trust her but well the the
other people we were told to talk to is
changing Ning and mr. Bhushan and don't
forget mr. Leung the fortune teller yes
that's true yeah
also we she did mention that all of
the artifacts that she bought to spite
hoping she bought at an a British
auction house
the Shanghai auction house run by a
British company so we could actually
this won't be great but here's like down
here is the old city the oldest part of
town you're kind of all up in here in
the bend in the river so does this seem
like the any sort of ley lines would be
in the old part is that well we're hurry
so you're not finding references to ley
lines you're finding some references in
a few in Chinese occultism two sort of
lines of power and things like that but
this museum does not unlike the Egyptian
Museum there's not a lot of occultism at
this museum well that's not what I'm
looking for I'm looking for patterns and
how they initially structured themselves
and I'm trying to from those patterns
and so most anything that could be part
of that pattern would be in the old in
the Old Town everything else has been
burnt rebuilt you know modern water
knives is the fortune teller in that old
part of town mr. Leung he's not he's
right outside the International so it's
sounding like we're gonna do the ritual
at Madame Lynn's house I just I'm saying
is that there's a 50-50 chance that she
either kills us or she helps us
[Music]
the other thing I'll give you Silvano is
there are a number of temples Taoist
temples and that sort of thing and in in
Shanghai that have carnations I'm
showing what Aaron's what kind of
donations do I think that they might
need to rent the space out for the night
Wow I mean it would you know you could
probably buy your way in and there are a
couple you you you lower it down to a
list of a half-dozen temples that are
that have been sort of that are
historical can I do like a
comparative where's my where's ours I've
also got the I Ching if someone wants to
go through that to help yeah can I just
paraphrase that can I roll also for what
I know about Taoism actually I missed
it's a 79 so you know yeah you know yeah
I kind of know like fundamentally
they're sort of just like in in Emma's
brain so Taoist are kind of chill
they're like live-and-let-live guys
they're like you know whatever happens
in life is supposed to happen so oh well
you know they wouldn't really be
fighting the Barrow and like trying to
stop him in January and stuff like that
they'd just be like the world starts
again yeah there you go
so I'm just wondering should we go back
and get my sword before we go do
anything else yeah I should always make
a sword stop yes we should make a sword
stop yes agreed
no one's carrying the headdress right it
is wrapped up in a room
I mean it's wrapped up but we're not
care but how things are I is Silvano
carrying the headdress I'm thinking in
you would have put it stuffed it
somewhere right I wouldn't want it fall
the the the
I guess the the discussion I would have
in my head is like is he gonna know
where I am anyways or best way to have a
discussion in your head is to put the
headdress on mmm that's true oddly
enough this is I'm not gonna do that I
mean it would come down to it it would
come down so what I would have done
in the morning would have been to have
asked for help for potential hiding
places and if I didn't think I could
find applica good place to hide it then
it would be with me so if we want to
like roll back and see if someone else
can who somebody in the party asking for
a guy someone who does I don't I I don't
smuggle stuff all right so you're
willing to like cuz the person who's
smuggle stuff it seems to me is the
person that you didn't want to have the
headdress no no this would be for
someone to find a hiding place for it if
we're not gonna be at the hotel right
you're just gonna like bury it somewhere
in Shanghai I mean you could leave it in
the hotel safe now that you're making me
think about I would have bought a bag of
cement
I know if Noah if no one would have
given me a place to put it yeah it's
wrapped up and it's on me okay but it's
like triple quadruple wrapped sure yeah
you have to really want to open it make
me a power all and everyone around me is
that has specific instructions if I die
dive for it and start trying to tear it
out I did not make the power rule all
right so you know you definitely feel a
compulsion to open it you didn't fumble
so you're not like you know you're not
like must put on the headdress but you
know you there's a pull a constant pull
just always at the back of your head can
you stop playing with that bulge in your
pocket please that is that is a sin
charge man would that muddy monetize us
and YouTube fast if that was our
we're like two hours in they don't scan
this far did you tell me you were
carrying it or not I mean he wrapped it
you can see it in his pocket I mean with
all my notes okay god no I wrap this one
I tried to fit in my pocket it wouldn't
it's too big just give that a sec to go
by all right there we go
no no maybe we don't tell the person who
keeps stealing the headdress where it is
maybe possibly no I'm on it a part of me
is like they've surely learned their
lesson by okay did we just lose somebody
nope I just oh sorry I just moved
open the chat that's me we'll give us
one sec while we get the overlay set
there so I'm gonna cut back to the hotel
so Alexandre Donald you you make your
way back to the hotel
the maitre d does a very nice job
it's a cameo look we cut okay now wait
to pay him see I didn't say any lines so
we're good
so the maitre d does a very good job of
pretending like he doesn't see you
bleeding mmm kind of him and gets you
you know gets you up to your room and do
you do you need anything if you have any
gauze or anything similar that would be
very home need a doctor no no doctor
maybe a little bit of alcohol as well
the rubbing alcohol sores possibly the
other kind - you're sure you don't need
a doctor
I'm positive I'm actually gonna like
Regent region in my pocket and and palm
him one of one of the so that one of the
silver dollars and
like we'd really prefer to not deal with
a doctor right now she'll be fine
he's actively concerned but I'm also up
and walking under my own power like it
doesn't mean forcing me but yeah he
he'll he'll take the dollar and he'll
say very well and he'll he'll walk off
hopefully he'll bring with staff how
there is so you guys as is the wants in
our little made-up world you like have a
suite of rooms with like kind of a a
lounge that is all yours
and in that lounge is a lavishly ramped
rent wrapped present that says to the
enchanting Emma look at that and just
don't start laughing a hacking little
laughter sure she'll appreciate I'm sure
she won't but she made quite the
impression let's take care of those moon
all right so we'll come back to the
museum now that now that we're all back
where we should be and Thomas has been
dispelled so how long I mean you you got
like I said though that's the stuff
you'll get at the Museum so are you
gonna do anything else you're gonna head
back to the hotel what's yeah I thought
there was talk about picking up a sword
why not yeah we pick up a sword then we
go in this point there's two 900 pound
gorillas there's two factions of people
following us we should be armed and
having a sword at all times I want to
send a telegram to Rogers about what
most women know agree we haven't missed
any telegrams to Rogers we haven't
messed anything up entirely just yet no
no this isn't this today's your epic
not for our benefit and what are you
boys are we're still in a library right
or an account or the museum you might
tell me where we're going
so no no no so can you stated that
[Music]
that is so gay and his organization was
what he considered to be the biggest
threat if I support that organization
and help get them back up on their feet
and share any information that could
give us an edge is there any is there
any way you could possibly do it in code
I just don't trust give him the proper
like location or how to contact him
simply to send agents to make contact
with him and that he's probably one of
the best bets for forgetting an
organization that can handle some of
what's going on no but to your point yes
I mean if we we have to say it in some
kind of code we must have some way to
tell him you know oh hey our friend mr.
bla is needing help from us you know
something like the code is a series of
telegrams that barely make sense that
only he will be able to pick apart
that's the go the seventh telegram is
the real one yeah exactly
so just jabber away that's fine just
write as many telegrams as you need
heading back to the hotel silvano you're
gonna send a telegram to Rodgers what do
you want to tell Rodgers worry about
that you can just tell me what you're
gonna tell me and yet to seek out he's
so gay taru that his that his
organization is what one of those under
the influence of the horrible things is
most afraid of how it has done damage to
them and they need any information and
resources that we can provide to get
them back on their feet and active that
it is very much for preventing
into the world it's very much in our
benefit to try to work with them that's
an offensive telegram yeah but it's just
one and not seven so he's got the
receipts this goes on the expense
account you know mm-hmm all right so
everybody gets back to the hotel and you
are all surprised by two things one is
that Alexandra and Donnell are both wet
and one and Alexandra is bleeding and
has is wounded
I mean yeah I've dried off and I'm dead
I definitely like change clothes and I'm
sitting there with you know been working
on bandaging up a rib oh you got on the
boat yes okay actually did you smash any
boxes on the boat or did you open the
boxes or anything with the boxes I
thought in a box no it was inside the
engine okay they called it a meteor but
that didn't look like any meteor I've
seen and when they opened it it felt I'm
for lack of a better term it felt like
it poisoned me
but I didn't ingest anything okay it was
awful and she's still like pale and
sweating from that I would imagine they
were using as a power source it seemed
like for the boat it was fast it ripped
they ripped part of the dock off as they
were running a portal of some sort
inside of it which leads to an island
which maybe that grey dragon Ireland we
we don't know but there's a door inside
the boat Tudor the Ireland and was when
you open the door was there anybody on
the other side it looks like a deserted
desert island but it was hard to
pinpoint where I believe there was a
volcano yes that's why it's believed
it's a the other Island
because they didn't look like anything
that we that we saw in our books that we
were looking at No gotcha this was you
know generic Pacific at all number seven
gotcha hmm and then there and then there
were fish people with Spears
because why not why wouldn't people
people remember those so how is Crowley
worth it were delicious
gross not the recent ones
oh so Crowley is working with the fish
people what but wait I thought the black
Wayman the dark mistress was Crowley's
not yeah no sorry that's sir Aubrey
Penny's than you and you he's a member
of the Carlyle expedition but penny was
still penny was working with the fish
people that it sounds well and and that
and that was who he brought with him
when he had when he attacked the
warehouse so that seems a fair guess to
make yep and you have the book about
them correct no wait Joan has that book
yeah I gave it to Joan I read it I don't
do I know anything about weaknesses I
just know the fact that they want to
like repair Atlantis that's sort of
their goal that was their thing so yes I
do I do have that book it's a
fixer-upper mm-hmm hey Joanie
intelligence roll I'm gonna get out of
this dress and like get my sword I think
you've got a brand-new dress right so
yeah as Donnell and and Emma's wearing a
beautiful dressed up in a like sort of
Eastern style cocktail dress yeah this
is straight up like you know how when
you cut then again I'm sure some of us
in this track don't have like in the
zoom called don't know what it's like to
come home in a cocktail dress be like my
realize that she's still wearing this
cocktail dress kind of thing yeah okay
yeah I'm Joan did you make the
intelligence roll oh yes okay you
recall now the headdress said this so
make it for what you will but the
headdress said that book was a beacon
right and that it was blocking this
essentially you could it could block the
signal to that beacon those headdress
could yes so yes I'll reiterate that
that the headdress did tell me that that
book was something that people could
track us with it's a beacon and original
and the translation or just the original
no I have the original yeah look and
that it it the headdress said they could
it could block it from people being able
to find us especially the fish people
being able to find us it it also should
be far enough land and it would be safe
we're not very far inland whoa I still
smell of ocean with you I don't trust
anything penny who says / no no the
thing is not a god even though it said
it was a god it was just another thing
idiot man who thinks they know
everything just just no actually hole a
vision of the gripper you being attacked
by fishermen when you were on a very
large cruise ship possible book you have
their attention is that what happened oh
yeah a headdress that drew its attention
because they dressed knew where we were
both time and was probably playing us
that's a very good yeah and if and of
Penn Hugh was the one behind it the
whole time and is working with them it
wouldn't be a far stretch to say that
they found us because of him not the
book ha oh would I go about checking if
Alexandria's cursed with magic oh
there's a mysterious thing and then like
you're what you're describing it's like
you could mmm so you have that ritual of
transference mm-hmm and you could like
you think you could use the ritual Oh
transference so
like sort of get a very little taste of
what has happened to her and see if that
felt natural or if it felt supernatural
I can give it a try
have fun did we get the power though
mm-hmm how do we get the power to do any
of these spells now what do you mean no
this is a ritual this isn't a spell so
power all silvano yeah that's the that's
the thing is if someone else can know
how to do this I'll try all right
silvano comes over and mike puts a hand
on your forehead and like sort of goes
somewhere else for a minute and you feel
a lot better
silvano make me a con roll oh no I'm so
sorry
I burned through some inspiration
absolutely all right it's not a horrible
chance of me well that was slightly
worse okay that's an Amy not an Emma all
right show me you feel super nauseous oh
you don't quite throw up but like you're
not the boss of me and now you have mild
radiation poisoning
Who am I free of mild Ricky's you know
what that is that's how the ritual the
transference works lie down for a little
bit yeah you're looking you're looking
pretty pale there friend do you want a
rubbish bin in case you throw up because
I threw up and it wasn't Pleasant
fortunately I haven't had lunch yet or
unfortunately is the case maybe you
should probably eat some point order
some broth or something I think I'm
sorry no no it won't be a problem
back up chicken soup you are in a land
of broth so that is no there it's
beautiful soups Amy I think that flips
yep so as a thousand bits for Silvano
there we go
after recuperation don't Thank You
Warren
don't forget Monday Warren is in my
chair trying to kill these Yahoo's we're
too interesting to kill off that easily
well he likes to make it slow their
radiation poisoning the green hair comes
from right our yard but I don't I
don't think it's magic is that's the
important thing right yeah actually
I'll give you that you know you get mild
radiation poisoning but you don't think
it's magic em are you gonna open your
present
yeah I am once I get on the stupid dress
and get myself oh yeah much more
comfortable clothes now alright so okay
after I finish pitching and scratching
I'll be like okay
pull up the car to be like okay whatever
and fling the card and then rip open the
bow alright usual Christmas ritual in my
house card inside is a note from madam
Lin that says I gave it to somebody
who's standing next to me but like here
read this the card says since you liked
it so much and inside is that tapestry
of some sort of horrible amorphous blob
at the center of the universe wow this
is disgusting Oh God as he's hustling
out on the table and regale everybody
else with the story of the fact that she
has two gorillas let's just start
counting all the crazy this woman
has to marilla's a
assistant named mr. Wu totally lovely
gentleman what else do we have she has
nine bells to contact the other side
yeah exactly
she has just and I just couldn't go over
a little any of the stuff that was in
the room and how just sort of late and
then she's telling me she doesn't know
anything about this stuff even though I
highly doubt that she doesn't do this in
fact I even suspect that this tapestry
is like the stupid headdress that it's
probably keeping tabs on me somehow in
some bizarro world so nobody touch this
thing the universe exactly I you know
what we could space meet straight into
this thing it'd be amazing we're not
amazing at least it doesn't seem to be
as bad as that boy's paintings because
at least we can look at it without going
now yeah yes yeah never mind anyway and
she got all of this stuff from an
auction in Shanghai plus she also wants
to kill Jack Brady and has asked me if I
could help her kill Jack Brady early I'm
sorry find Jack Brady because he wants
to do that here that's just a cultural
thing I know exactly it's sort of
written into their Constitution is it
he is an awful person
I'm sure he is I'm whatever but when
he's pulled from her the books of Hassan
which I suspect these books if he stoled
them are of a huge value and again
completely unfounded suspicion just like
jumping into a portal in the painting
unfounded suspicions that these books
probably bring about either the Pharaoh
or the bloated woman or something I bet
you there's something in these books
that like is a value other was otherwise
why would he take them why did she give
this to you well I mean you saw the
dress touch the I want to touch the
tapestry I'm sorry
what does she know that you know what
this tapestry is I don't think so but I
was just curious and I was fishing to
try and figure out but I'm Punch why she
had all of these things and she kept
telling me it's because ho pang wanted
them and so therefore she kept buying
them in order to spite him which I
completely understand as a woman as a
completely viable option for purchases
but the whole fan wants these things too
so he might have a collection first
chapter of the Necronomicon spite I like
the way I like the way things but
honestly I think it's completely 100% a
setup the question is how do we play
this because you know do we just steer
away from her like again - if I'm just
like let's do a ritual with Miss Lin
yeah am I gonna get kidnapped and killed
or is she gonna be an asset to the party
like do I take her at face value do you
think her property would have some
properties we could use I'm not going
back to gorilla town that's all I know I
think we settled on a temple right true
I feel uncomfortable in the temple
frankly okay we're gonna have to go
beyond of us so I think it's gonna be
whether or not we can bribe the people
at the temple to let us use it and if we
can't let's go see if she's ready for a
late night ritual with them yeah I was
going there if you had you didn't I'm
taking my sword and don't say don't say
stuff like that around don't run the
headdress and around this thing just
don't and I like wrap up the the
tapestry are you gonna wrap the sword in
the tapestry is that what you're doing
that's the worst idea in the tapestry
here I don't know I mean I don't really
want to touch it can I fit that into my
satchel I'm getting it I don't
having a space anymore its enormous it's
not a bag of holding that's amazing
you got a headdress on one pug and a
tapestry hanging out the other one
make me a luck roll there boo me yeah I
think I I think I got out of this one
oh oh I can't fit oh no wait if I fail I
can't fit it nope
hotel safer ops yeah can we you put in a
safe let's say it's going to be big
enough and I know yeah you can totally
you fold it up and the hotel will very
confusedly you you like insist they put
it in the safe they were just gonna like
put it in their luggage area you know
like you bought a tapestry while you
were here and like oh this must be
very valuable then we'll make sure we'll
make sure that it's taken care of so
you're bringing the headdress right
silvano as you guys head out for some
nocturnal wackiness because part of it
is trying to deal with that headdress
right we might need someone who speaks
Mandarin if we're going to a temple you
do it do you think that the that the
concierge might might be able to
recommend a translator one what one the
one that we could borrow firm for part
of the evening hire for part of the he's
somewhat discreet for our bingo game
we're gonna go drink oh he will he will
recommend let's see here I have a name
of someone that they use he recommends
he he pray he calls him a comprar door
which is sort of a holdover from when
the Portuguese ran this place yeah and
he he introduces you to a young man
li wen Cheng who is a li is a sort of uh
he speaks very good English and he is
the the the short read you get of him is
that he is super Christian like ride
hard Christian like if I mentioned Jesus
yeah yeah yeah okay but which
denomination because that could turn
into a fight
yeah good because really I'm the
original even though you guys say that
probably only Emma has this the the
comparative religion defeat you you're
you're sure he's he's been he's a
Methodist oh boy I got two thousand
years on you fifteen fifteen sixteen
seventeen hundred bucks
we just round up a bit yeah
just a couple hundred years yeah but he
is and if you will let him know that you
are a woman of the cloth he willing
super into it he's like yeah he's you
know he wants everybody to know that he
is very Christian and Western stuff is
super cool to take him to a Taoist
temple where are we going guys we're
doing a comparative religion study and
so we would like to talk to some Taoist
monks current and it's just you know oh
okay okay this is their version of
discrete she's gonna help us bribe at
some point in time he's just got to say
what we say back to them that's it
that's what he's hired for just his job
he's politely not listening to your
conversation I mean where are we because
I know that I'm being followed by at
um I made my spot hidden okay just a
regular success so like how many people
are following me about and who with a
regular success you know you're being
followed by at least one group of people
okay and do I recognize which one it is
you think it is madam Linz
okay so when we're when we get in the
cab I just say that Madame Lim had
Madame Lin had indicated that I will be
continuously followed and it looks like
we still have a tail so I think at some
point I'm just saying followed I'm gonna
try and close my eyes and rest from the
delightful situation that I'm in yeah
can it can I also tried to to make a
spot hidden to see if you know anyone
from the boat mites might be following
us have trained over to our location
sure yes Lee when madam Lin has just
decidedly come to her senses
and thinks that becoming a Catholic
would be a great idea and so she's very
interested in knowing that she is such a
powerful woman in this town that she of
course is you know again I'm not going
to say anything about her ways but feels
that following us is you know important
for our safety you have converted madam
Lin - oh not yet but our Lord and Savior
Jesus Christ is the way not yet but it's
a low it's a long and slow process we'll
get there
you are truly doing the Lord's work
thank you
I'm going to lean over over to Donnell
and say I feel nauseous again wants to
bring his stuff with him by the way
yes Donald's got a I got a sword no
musical instruments I made it a success
um you will you you are being followed
by at least one group okay do they look
like the same group that she pointed out
the the Madame Lin group or yeah that's
the one you can see okay so I'm going to
assume there's at least one more that I
can't that I haven't spotted because I'm
asking for no apparent reason
uh-huh look is staying in the hotel room
the headdress is coming with you the
tapestry is in the hotel safe
yep all right so you all get in a cab
and you are zooming off to the oldest
Taoist temple in in Shanghai you get
there and there is a there's an old monk
who will will talk with you through
through leeuwin and he'll you know he's
like what do you want with that kind of
a reaction no no he was asking you guys
what you want
oh I'm I am resting who wants to who
wants to know I feel awful Leland go lay
down slowly when could you ask the monk
to kind of show us around and show us
around the temple and sort of point out
any specific specific specific points in
this building that are meaningful to
their religion we'd like to know more
about it yeah and about the space in
particular yeah the monk says tooth very
clipped things and leeuwin like seems to
polygenic he said it's late and then he
said it's a temple it's all significant
to their religion so when I look around
what what does the building action look
like like what's in it what's in the
space so it is a very simple shrine
actually it is almost open-air this
there's not a place there's a little Hut
off to the side where this guy lives
he's he's more of my walk and waving it
at the group so so what I was gonna say
is can we can we offer a an offering to
be able to to take a look inside this
magnificent temple that goes that goes a
lot further that's the guy you know
leeuwin says that and
old guy like nods repeatedly and then
brings out what the universal symbol for
a collection plate yes yes Solano yeah
III know Jim I know Jim give me can I
have something no I hold back the wallet
for the night we're not gonna give him
everything just to like all right so and
I I said I said Oh rent leeuwin goes
you want to rent a temple for a night
you know no we want to be able to to
examine it for a longer time than just
you know a quick walk around we want to
be able to examine it for a while
because we are very interested in
religion all right Lee when will tell
that to the priest leeuwin looks a
little embarrassed he's like he says
yeah money all right so you hand over
the money and he leaves you hand over a
sizable chunk of change you know you
give him a couple hundred bucks and he
just leaves perfect Wow so you are now
standing in so it's like a cobbled
courtyard maybe 20 feet square and there
is a small there's an altar and a bunch
of incense and offerings that are left
and append to statues of foo creatures
of the lion creatures under like
essentially a Quonset hut in these four
walls they're out there's no walls open
at all science is open on all sides
there's like a Hut or something we can
go there's the the the the caretaker has
a small Hut okay but when you say okay
but the the altar itself is like in its
it's like a - it's like three walls and
a roof yeah I think that's where we need
to go
what's the plan plan yeah so what do you
want this ritual to do Silvano oh I just
want to make it through the ritual I
mean the the plan was its seeing what we
can get away with with how focused we
can be and just how well it goes it's
ideally we could we could we can pin hue
yes by using the headdress yes you know
failing failing that just be trying to
wear with headdress to make it to get to
the point where we could destroy it yes
and and failing that maintaining our
sanity no is everyone participant is
very uncomfortable I'm gonna actually
I'm gonna kind of take him aside when we
start discussing this plan and I asked
him to go ahead and get him something to
eat take your time and if you could
maybe have some food or some noodles
ready for us maybe come back in like an
hour to give him some money and then
just ask him to make it some you know
some really top-notch noodles whatever
else you think is really good to eat you
know and then maybe like a bottle of
wine or something would be fantastic and
just give him a lot of money and see
like you go get yourself something to
eat and then bring us something as well
oh there's money for cab here's money
for food blah blah blah kinda confused
but he was gonna be gone for two hours
oh cool so so you're all participating
in this ritual yeah I'll participate
well Jordan had an idea that someone
could act as a conduit by you want to
you want to go into that a little more I
someone explained that yes so there is a
risk but if someone was to wear the
headdress and act as a conduit it could
improve our chances this is the best yes
not it well I obviously can you might
actually be the better option because
because your your weekend at the moment
and may not have much to contribute to
the actual ritual that is true actually
if you if you feel even half as bad as I
did on that boat I feel like I'm
recovering at all you still you feel
very weak you're gonna have a penalty
die I'm going to take this time to coach
the others on the ritual and if you're
the conduit maybe we can give that to
him to him yes it could transfer that
horrible exactly you know we can take
the mic you might get a bit slower
yes what does the conduit actually have
to do it sounds like a very important
role headdress on I brought rope for
this so it's okay what what we have to
tie up the conduit so they can't do
anything and remember the beam that came
out of so I'm gonna wanna be facing in a
certain direction so I say anything if
I'm under his control which I almost
and these gloves so someone's gonna want
to put it on we're gonna want to start
the witches just look like a crime scene
no no no no no this is gonna be great
because what we're going to do is we're
going to turn it against him yeah crime
scene did you bring the ether cuz good
good God knows we should just gonna you
either for they would have it yes yeah
this is not a part of the ritual though
no but in case you get a little rowdy we
can use the ether oh damn it going to
jail and Shanghai's no no this is this
is perfect this is Andrea Donnell you're
familiar with using ether right not that
I don't trust Emma and Joan yes I've
used ether before I'll hand you the
youth just not in any recent death I
mean I I'm with with with Fishman and
parrot sharks I tend to stab first
all right so you are all set up that you
there are five of you so the four of you
set up at the cardinal points of this of
this sort of in the middle of the thing
there is a little round indentation and
Silvano is in that and then you're all
at the cardinal points of it well
someone's gonna have to put it on and
ideally we get the ritual going on the
headdress and then put it on why the
rituals going right yeah yeah we have to
tie up Soldado first sorry buddy maybe I
can't turn my head around cuz the beam
came out last time yep so we could we
can put something altar we can tie you
to this it would be fantastic because
this doesn't look like devil worship at
all no no it's not we're not worshiping
anything we're getting on in fact oh God
I didn't bring that curved knife cuz
someone could have gotten the wrong
impression about what we're doing
like police broke the money for them if
they show a Shinto altar yeah so he
can't turn you as you do yeah alright
yeah everyone's on the same page yes
then Youth you four are essentially kind
of not facing him at all so you
you tie him up with his back turn to
every woman this looks like the worst
possible thing gonna be no no guys
here's okay here's something important I
need you not facing towards the entrance
when our translator comes back because I
don't want to accent no no no you're
facing the back that's the way to do
this right you face the back we're all
like this no this is perfect so you are
facing really is not the word but going
to hell is the word about oh no you
don't understand this is great this is
we're doing good
oh well let's not delude ourselves here
so you you start doing the ritual and
Joan and Silvano have sort of given you
weird mantra chance to do that you know
don't make a lot of sense to most of you
and you start doing the chants and
everyone not named Silvano make me a
power role I can still do the champions
all right so mono make me a power role
you don't want you doing the chance
because because you have a disadvantage
Dian low pal we got me critical critical
success nice
silvano what you do I rolled with
disadvantage with 25 cow so yeah you
well you guys are chanting your little
hearts out and you people like
transference of energy and just at one
with the universe and there is cheat all
around here and wow this is all wow your
mind is blown
it's amazing and with a critical success
normal somehow you know exactly the
point to put this headdress on his head
music right yeah you are new and you
just pop it right on there and Solano
you immediately hear a very familiar
voice say what the hell are you doing
improvising haven't you been watching us
well I've been wrapped up it's hard to
see but no I mean you're aware of how we
operate
I think operates a strong word although
you caused me some inconvenience with my
ship
I don't know what you're talking about
for the most part but I have a big idea
I think I might have some of your
friends blood though huh son of a I
don't know which one of them I would do
a slow turn right now but you tied up
are they good are they going to
sacrifice you I don't think so
I would totally say you know well I know
you're good enough that if they
sacrifice you I mean blood magic is so
much stronger you can probably hurt me
or maybe even kill me with some blood
magic well tell them that hopefully it
why did you put me on oh well we we
figured out this you know I'm tied up
they're doing they're doing some
protection things I figured we this this
would be a good way for us to talk
safely about what what what you're
trying to do we're you know this is
where the villain does the evil
monologue who's a villain I'm not a
villain I'm a god no gods can be
villains haven't you read a ancient
mythology I seek only to return the
natural order the universal order to
this miasma of existence are you taking
I don't drink so Donnell you got a
critical you all made the pal role
Donnell got a critical success so Solano
you actually feel that radiation that
that nausea leaving your body and you
feel like the ritual of transference is
working oh nice
okay and and you start to notice that
the headdresses words are slurring a
little I'll keep it talk and make me
a pal role Silvano let me just get this
yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna use that
inspiration ya know I can only I can
only do it are we drinking I got no I
got to better alright so I rolled an o1
so here's what's gonna happen
um you the ritual of transference works
exactly like you and Jonah thought it
would you have sent this horrible
poisoning through the headdress and you
here pen you what what the hell did
you just do to me ah oh god fine and
then all the four of you Silvano's neck
snaps and his head spins to look at you
his mouth and his eyes are glowing gold
and you hear the voice that many of you
recognize sir robbery pen you saying
like you seek to damage me you don't
understand the power that I hold and
then Silvano's head turns and that gold
light
seeps into the two lions the two flu
creatures and they the statues with a
sound of like metal yeah I'll start to
like come to life and Solano his head
goes back to the right orientation and
he passes out tied up there semana you
take you take seven points of damage
that's not so bad
from having your neck momentarily broken
Jesus so wait he got that role did you
have to roll disadvantaged oh yeah I
rolled an o1 with disadvantaged thank
you birds paradise Andrea we're we're
banging those damn dice on this channel
yeah
[Laughter]
and there are two horrible stone but
very alive food creatures that are
coming after you all I got my crowbar
like lols down and oh the last thing
that happens the the gold light sort of
goes back into Silvano and as it goes
back into him the headdress goes into
him as well you there's an image so the
headdress is around him the headdress
goes like this and just folds into the
top of his head I'm unconscious it could
have been me and initiatives so here's
what I will tell you because of that
witch or transference pen you is going
to have a disadvantage i when whenever
you finally fight him because you have
given him radiation poison
so the ritual kind of did what you want
to do kind of but at what cost
so Donal you have the first initiative
he's gonna run over this a lot Oh is he
alive running
silvano means getting very close to
those lions all right so you run over
you beautifully heroically did you
bring I mean yeah laying out in this
he's got one pistol ready everything
else is packed yeah
so you come running over to Silvano to
to check on him
he seems alive trying to force him force
the ropes untie the ropes pull the rope
or whatever the fastest way he can to
get someone out of here all right
maybe let the person with the sharp
thing do that the Lions are not acting
this first round so Alexandre I believe
you're next with a 70 something 75 yeah
I I see what Donal is doing and I see
what's going on with the Lions and I'm
going to unchi the dagger as I run over
to help cut the the ropes and get out of
there as quickly as we can all right so
you come over there I'll actually pass
down on one of my knives as well so that
he couldn't you know if you threw it at
him if I threw it at and I would be
trying to hit him and no one wants that
including me but then he'd have one
faster yeah but but at what cost 60 at
65 yep Joan I I am going have my crowbar
yeah trusty crowbar and I'm gonna try to
whack one of those guys on the head
alright yup to a lion and you whack it
give me a crowbar roll I just made it
for team right roll you're damaged
um so when you hit this thing you are
stone with a crowbar I rolled in eight
oh nice so you you run up and you crack
this thing and like a
the stone falls off no glowing lights
come out or anything no no you just
crack it and a piece of stone that was
Emma you are last yep so I just yell to
those two so we're running right you
don't have a car right now the your cab
totally fine we can get another one
actually everybody make me a luck role
including Silvano let's see if more of
you make go let's see let me know all
right one person made it two people to
decide if leeuwin is coming back right
now or not hope he doesn't I pull out
the gun and I'll just take a shot is it
clear enough to take a shot at least one
of those yeah yeah you can show that one
that Joan is not currently crowbar II
okay oh God it's a 91 so I miss but not
deathly missing all right you wanna
inspire it sure God will Emma oh thank
god oh wait nope that's it no it's
not it's an 81 so still a bad all right
so you missed a shot rings out around
the shanghai night at that moment a cab
pulls up and leeuwin comes out with like
three bags of food and like as the shot
goes off he like drops all the food and
like covers his head eat it anyway the
cab driver being a cab driver in
Shanghai does not really react to a
gunshot he's pretty well fine with it
but the cab is sitting there with a door
open and we win it's like alright next
round on a hundred and twenty both of
the Lions will go and one is just gonna
try back Joan away so you should make
well
oh god you should make me a dodge roll
John as I made a critical success
birds-of-paradise
I made it but those are just excites me
not to baby hey I made it but just me
all right so we get our Hong Kong cinema
wire work here John you take three
points and you go flying like 15 feet
away so you are now on the edge of this
it like this is like a cat just like
batting at a little bit just like whack
and you go flying 15 do that my cats all
perked up the second one is gonna go
after Donald well apparently you know
one for two so it like comes up and it
tries to like smack you but it misses
but you like dodge out of the way
that was 120s Donal its back to you it's
not afraid you you and if you and
Alexandra will saw this round with
daggers then he will be free next round
yeah you have you have one of my guys
all right so you start sawing that
Alexandra I'm assuming you're sawing
yeah yeah so you will both have him out
next round Jill we're back to you okay
um I get up I'm pretty far away
um the cab is fairly close to you that's
I was thinking we're going it's going
let's go no one jumps in the cab mmm
she's are you gonna help me win it all
he's like lying yeah oh yeah no I grab
everything and I'm like let's go let's
go
no I've got everything let's go Emma
so I'm gonna teach eclis like move to
let everybody out past me and then
obviously get a clean shot or at least
try and get a clean shot with my
shooting gun skills at the one that
the closest to Donald Donald the one
that's the biggest threat basically okay
I mean they're both pretty big threats
but yeah take a shot
ooh what's this I would say oh not
birds-of-paradise that is a great shot
he's 12 a heart or critical that
would be definitely a hard success for a
regular for real a gun is it max damage
it's 2d six right for just a regular
well though that's the right holder you
know it's a it's a it's a pistol that we
stole that we borrowed we took out of
the warehouse so what did we get yeah
you got a it's a d-10 plus two okay oh
wait no sorry you didn't get a 45 it's a
D 8 plus 3
okay so then that would be eleven point
two damage okay blam because it's max
yeah you shoot like a chunk of a chunk
of stone name coming off of it it does
not react at all all right back to the
top of the lineup stone lions one of the
stone lions there's still people in the
temple so they're each gonna go after
Alexander and Donnell so Alexandra
regular success yeah okay you dodged
there you like there's a weird sort
of it's moving really slowly but
deceptively fast the paw as it comes to
swat at you Donnell you should also make
a dex roll is not a dodge all right so
we might inspire that to get fired just
because some people want it 64 so it's
worse but it's none of them today me
drink you take five points of damage and
uh all right that was all of that so
Donnell we're back to you you like are
lying on your back sort of like wow what
the what hit me well he was hoping to
pick up so vile and run but now he can't
do that is he anywhere near his bag
sure yeah your bag is kind of in the
middle of the clearing so if you you can
run up to your bag and you know you can
load it in the cab easier run up and
grab a shotgun out of it okay all right
so yeah you run up this round and you
open it up and you pull out a shotgun
and leeuwin is like is that shotgun Oh
got a roll for sanity because there yeah
he fails his sanity rolling like yeah so
he goes from is that a shotgun - or -
don't lie and he just like curls up in a
catatonic ball well I mean I just I just
start patting him just start patting him
Donald gets a shotgun Alexandre I'm
gonna finish cutting Savano free okay
yeah
you have him free and you're able to
start slowly dragging him yeah like a
good old fireman drag just pull him out
as fast as I can
Joan you're just comforting trying down
like yep yep and then I if we've got all
this stuff in the car we're ready we're
open we're gonna tell the guy - wait
wait wait wait wait yeah the cab driver
is very interested in leaving when he
see when like when one of the Lions like
goes and like looks at the cab the cab
driver is like wait wait wait wait very
interested so I'm gonna take another
shot buying everybody time weirdo not
so much 41 I didn't make it here I mean
do we want to try again
there's always how much how much is left
a bad luck yeah want to save one for
Dodge rule partially yeah I'm fine
because it didn't seem to react the last
time alright so yeah the shot rings out
and misses these things are not
intelligent and they only protect the
temples so they are going to go after
Alexandra no need
say what again no need to dodge that oh
man so you like you will clearly you
being you and Donald both being sort of
people who fight and kill things
you both are struck by these are clearly
not intelligent they like kind of there
and there I mean in your in your
opinion they're not used to being alive
because they kind of bang into each
other as they're both going for you and
like crunch into each other and there's
like an ugly grinding stone on stone
noise as they do that a Donal he's gonna
try to give Alexandra cover so he's one
of just not her directly under them
practically because they crashed into
each other trying to get at me and I was
like don't be hard to shoot a shotgun in
that just a shotgun is not the tool for
that Joe grab him honey yeah go grab him
quickly run up and grab you can grab
Silvano and helping her drag okay so
yeah both of you Donal how's Andrew make
strength rules so Vado make me a size
role sixty oh this is the role I needed
earlier that's a critical success on a
size role right so this was an opposed
role your strength against Silvano size
Pavano is is you know Solano is not
doing the is doing the passive
inspire it for him to roll worse yeah
let's do it
you cannot inspire a
imposed rule you could inspire either of
Alexandra yeah okay three for me but
yeah he got a critical success to get
hard success for Tiana would have to get
a critical success what is your strength
Donal it's 45
yeah that's ten better than mine I'm not
strength I'm decks are you are you
inspiring Donald's role do you want to
do it again I'll do it again yeah get
out of here you need a hard success
don't wear so 58 is not enough all right
so you guys yeah silvano is limp and and
it's that darn satchel it's so heavy
there's a lot of behind that was his
rifle all right then we go to Joan um
see I'm gonna come out and help I'm
gonna come out and help try to dragons
leave and wheel in grab God oh man okay
okay okay okay okay but we have alright
alright I come back and I start patting
him again Emma who is closest to me
Donald's guns Donal Alexandra or Silvano
Donald's guns
I'm grabbing Donald's gods let's go hi
you you're just picking up all the cases
I'm clean-up crew at this point you you
start you start you pick up all the guns
and start to head towards the cab to put
them in me in the trunk the important
stuff I want this to be fun and
cinematic so we have a scene where Donal
and Alexandra are dragging Silvano along
this cobblestone courtyard as these two
lions are stalking you and so in the
background you see Emma like throwing
open the trunk of this cab and just
throwing all that as many guns as she
can fit in there and then like why won't
and inside the cab
you see Joan in a in a in a tender like
weird moment for this whole thing
Joan's just like it's okay it's okay
as leeuwin is like shivering and crying
and so you get the cab driver when when
when Emma gets in the cab and the cab
drivers like we go we go just as silver
just as they get Silvano body and the
door doesn't even close before the cab
sneaks off and my line to leeuwin when I
turn around and we take office a this is
why we believe in Jesus Christ our
Savior he starts praying he just starts
doing the domesticus do the rosary I
don't know he's like repeating the
Lord's Prayer over and over and he like
calms down a little and then he looks
back and screams because those Lions are
running after you down the streets of
am I in the front seat because I will
take my foot and put it on the drivers
foot - just like he rolls an odd three
this driver is good sweet none of the
noodles no we got those bags we got
those back he is this driver is like
weaving through traffic with a knot
three on the two lions oh one of the
Lions just bulls into a car and oncoming
traffic and there's a massive collision
as this car just hits it and kind of
bends around this lion and as you turn a
corner you see the lion is trying to
like move forward just mindlessly and
the the car is like jammed in place so
now there's only one lion chasing
through the streets of Shanghai
you also start hearing police whistled
and the taxi guy goes I'm gonna look up
and look out the window to see if I can
spot where that where the the police
whistles are coming from I mean we got a
good or we have to tell him where to go
the hotel we tell him to go to the hotel
okay wait the pearl narrow the grass
spinner so you like that
he starts peeling through the he's
driving max speed he makes a twenty
eight actually I'm gonna let you guys
one of you makes the drivers roll I'm
gonna roll for the lion's bono you
haven't gotten to roll anything in a
while
roll roll the drivers drive roll Oh No
what's his drive skill you don't know
yeah go Silvano he did great that first
I'm rolling
know how I roll I know first we're doing
critical failure sixty-eight all right
so you like so the lion you the driver
is trying to like seize traffic coming
up and he tries to slow down but Emma's
like spiked heel is in his foot and he
can't slow down and so he's like he
swerves into the other lane and then he
swerves on to the sidewalk as a truck
was coming right at him and so now you
are driving it's about ten o'clock at
night you are driving along driving
through a night market in Shanghai is
like behind you like stalls of fruit are
flying up Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
and cabbages behind you the lion
implacably is following you so call him
off call him use your user brain of
headdress and call him off you're not
sure oh I was just rolling dice dice
okay this round Donal you're gonna roll
for the driver
here we go oh yeah zero
alright birds-of-paradise got so you get
some distance on the lion so the the
night market seems to slow the lion down
as it it it's the driver with an amazing
turn just like skids around a corner and
like and drives makes a really tight
fast turn the lion cannot make the turn
and just smashes into a restaurant and
and like you see the lion like
scrabbling it's way out of the ruins of
this restaurant as if as it still tries
to chase you but you made a good roll
alright Amy you're on this time now the
Lions gonna catch up 69 sides Bale so
what Amy what does it look like what
what's the drivers struggle this time
the driver is actually he does one of
those things where like there's a guy in
a bike and then he's like the guys like
you know what I mean just in front of
him doesn't know how to get out of the
way and he's just like and he can't slow
down because your foot is like hammered
down there yeah and so the guy on the
bike the guy in the bike is like he just
gets out of the way and then the lion
runs right through him hits his bike and
he goes flying up into the air and he
lands on an awning of a building on the
side of the street Your Honor I like the
street here is like almost two cars wide
not how way how far are we from Lynn's
house compared to the hotel yes I just
turn around to everybody and say
gorillas is just she is so good it may
wanna fight lions matter friends that's
it that's it I give the driver blend
address let's see if he knows that
address oh he does not up so he's gonna
he's going to he takes off zooming I
love this so yeah you will zoom ahead so
Joan your draw you're rolling for the
driver now okay Millian doesn't make it
I got a 46 alright so how does the
driver pull ahead of the lion okay ah
alright so he know that he sees this
alleyway between two buildings and he's
able to get through the two buildings
and that and that he's gonna like a work
asked nice that's perfect yeah that's
exactly what happens and then the lion
like barely fits through the alleyway so
you hear this like scraping as it's like
doosh doosh coming through the alleyway
you think you're starting to lose the
lion you like now every time the driver
turns a corner there's like it's a
little bit longer for the lion to come
around
Tianna this is our last roll algebra you
are rolling for the driver oh boy boy
the lion really slacked off towards the
end there twenty four it's cardio would
you all 24 alright how do you pull away
from the lion so as we're driving
through through through this alleyway
the driver Jenks through it through a
couple of smaller areas and we glanced
back we're going under those hanging
lanterns and all the ropes and then the
lion gets all tangled up in those in in
those ropes has slowed so far back there
that we're pretty sure it's not gonna be
able to catch up there you go
so yeah the you you come zooming out of
that of that alley and the lion is like
almost on its back it's like on its side
and it's all tied up and it's trying to
break all of these strings of lanterns
that are all around it and you are you
are drive for about another 10 minutes
the driver like when the light go there
it was can I slow down now yes please
and I turned everybody I'm sorry sorry I
like kind of massages arm like I would
be massaging his foot like I'm so sorry
nice amazing driving
he starts to drive it like a semi normal
speed so I turn around and ask the group
do we want to go to Lynne's house at
this point there's no reason to you
don't know if they can still follow us
that's a great question or or if we've
lost it far enough with with this
distance if we're if we're far enough
distance I'd rather go back to the hotel
but we don't know we don't know I mean I
I mean I don't trust her at all like
what like we're all crammed into the
back of us I'm practically sitting on
Donald's lap while trying to maintain
Silvano and be like god there's like
five of us crams back do we dig some
more money out of Silvano's pockets and
tell the driver to go back to the hotel
yes you might not be happy with another
change in life actually he's not happy
with any of this really yeah well ahead
of me a significant little chunk of
change and get him to take us back to
the hotel all right
Mines I'm sorry take the long way or
back
don't retrace like go around okay yeah
we'll show him some money
well show me something yeah all right so
yeah you make it back to the Graz Manor
and you can when you get out he is a
band and I was like not the first cab
not the first town slammed the door hey
you know we've got oh it's the first cab
at least it isn't a boat this time right
we do have one extra person out of the
trunk we do have one extra person with
us - yeah if so leeuwin is no no I'm
done with leeuwin can we just pay him
and let him go home we can probably at
least get him into the bar so he could
start drinking away the memories sure I
suspect you're going to start that's
we're not knocking out an innocent kid
he's just a little too earnest about the
Jesus juice so I'll talk to Lee Wynn and
sort of like Jesus I'm up saying that
that's our mission in life is to fight
evil as I'm just drooling in the liquor
at this point at the bar so you guys can
go upstairs and I'll like I'll just be
like make me a religion role know God
yeah and I'm like this is what I'm doing
okay so I make it I just make it you
know and this is really our mission in
life and we tackle some of the cd-r
things you know you're on the like there
is fire in his eyes as you tell him and
he's just like yes yes evil must be
defeated yeah you're right you are on
your way you know just because you're a
Christian doesn't mean that you're doing
enough to get now they're right going
mad lord I am I am indeed and head like
startling could I sort of put my hand on
my sword all proud and you are a
righteous warrior of the Lord teach me
teach me I can only teach you so much
for tonight young man you must the win
you must go rest I will call upon you
when you are needed and I get him in a
cab and send him home
whenever please yeah he is he is very
excited very first I have another
assistant oh darn ever that's why I
helped him right that's why Oh
so you will get back up into your rooms
did we get the food up - yes yes yes yes
I had the food the noodles that were
saved that Lewin hadn't totally dropped
are up there as well and when you get up
there oh they give you the tapestry back
at the hotel safe yeah or they'll keep
it if you want them to if you want them
to
safe so when you get back up your rooms
have been tossed yep
knew it I'm not surprised and so the
book is gone yep and I think that's
really all you had left that was worth
taking so original in the translation or
just the original just the original they
didn't they don't date the translation
was just paper to them and Silvano I'm
gonna make you an offer
drink is this yeah this is the hold on
[Laughter]
are you dead mmm I hope not
okay know that I mean but no you have
this is totally your choice that could
be an epic death for Silvano and then
you know you're coming back up character
or you know if Silvano has more story to
tell I think the more is gonna be
horrible but I kind of want to see where
it goes all right so so you get back
silvano that was my only chance to kill
a character night that's why I do uh
should I go back should I don't want to
take this from you no no I
silvano likes it's bolt upright and just
starts screaming great I'm gonna come
staggering out of bed you know in a
nightgown carrying a knife only about
this later
ouch in your lounge is that way yes yes
yes come come staggering out only with
my eyes only like a half-open like what
any other night this would just be
typical night terrors but given what's
happened I yell give him his flask
somebody just find this awful I find his
flask I'll find it thank you silvano so
yeah remember everything that happened
you remember
your neck breaking you remember looking
at the back of your clothes which is
something horrible you remember creating
these horrible Creole that created these
horrible creatures that rampaged your
friends through a Tsang high so make me
a sanity rule I'd be really funny if you
that's a waste of inspiration at this
point no I do not make it
oh my we have it when he makes that
sound we should at least try did I yeah
you might as well I mean instead of four
will have three next time no not a big
deal I'm do a crit yeah which way oh
that one was way worse but it was not a
critical failure all right drink so you
lose seven points of sanity ooh I'm
winning and Stan chili yeah and so what
what from this whole experience is going
to stay with you in a negative way
oh the thing is because the the the
first thing I do once I have any amount
of bearings is I check if my head's on
straight and from this point on every
single time I wake up I'm gonna check
that's the first thing I'm gonna do I'm
always gonna like there's gonna be like
I'm not like starting from that point
mm-hmm but I'm gonna kind of start from
that point every time I wake up all
kind of want to fail this yeah this is a
critic Oh what you know you can't do
that you can't make the one time I roll
on the one it turns out that when the
headdress seeped through your head and
it used the ritual of transference to
return you to surah burry Penghu it like
left you some little presents you gained
oh no
10 points of cthulhu meter oh you're
beating me twice now and Cthulhu Mythos
insanity I'm not rolling it though cuz
it's a choice to roll it that's totally
fine you gain 10 points of Cthulhu
Mythos and you are now you you now
you have it a complete aversion to any
religious place you will not step foot
in any religious place ok that sounded
bad things have they're just place in
religious places
um so Donal 3:00 in the morning you hear
Silvano's screams you wake up there's
someone in your room this is not Solano
it is not Silvano who isn't it is the
black Pharaoh where's my headdress it
since I am inside of who sivanna
[Music]
I have never said this I have existed
since time started and I have never said
this I don't understand
I don't neither sorry friends this is
beyond my paygrade where is my headdress
it was on his head
it's went inside his head and now it's
gone we had a deal
right you have 28 or 7 time is a mutable
concept you have you have some number of
days to bring me that headdress does it
yes if I can find it why am i doing your
job for you well you can see everything
from I gave you
somewhere it is it I'll go find it for
you you've just learned another rule of
the game I cannot see the headdress of
eyes you will find me my headdress and
you will return it to me in the allotted
time or you have forfeited the deal I'll
do it I can
I don't see it if I discover it in the
next 27 days you're cavalier attitude is
not to my liking there's a lot
understand the gravity of this situation
I think I do but I'm just a mortal I
can't do find what I can't see and he's
gone. I hate that guy.