we ended last time with Silvano
having his neck broken
and then a wild romp
through downtown Shanghai to try and
escape metal fruit stone foo creatures
that were chasing you
you made it back to the hotel Amy and
her acolyte were had a brief moment
where she now has a resistance fighter
who will join her and whatever she does
and it's now the next morning and you
all head down for breakfast and Silvano
is not there it's always first for
breakfast recovering from his wounds he
may have eaten and left to ditch he
usually lets us know when when he's
going somewhere I'm gonna go check on
him okay
some animals like does he usually know
so anybody that goes to Silvano's room
will find that the door is ajar and the
room has been tossed and there is blood
a lot of blood like a a life-threatening
amount of blood and I think Alexander
you were the only person that went so
make me a spot hidden role okay 60 made
it all right so they're all in in the
carnage of this room it's clear that
there was a struggle Silvana was
involved so I'm not going to call it a
fight though Bono is rightful that was
the problem he didn't know no sivanna's
that's amazing skills I thought it was a
good brawler that's right yeah and so on
a severed index finger with a string
tied around like with a knot tied in the
joint and then a string coming off of it
it's quite fresh and it appears to be
Silvano's index finger well usually when
I find body parts I'm the one who put
them there I'm gonna crouch down next it
next to that and look and look at it for
a moment and then look around the rest
of the room if I could send to see if I
can spot any other body pieces you do
not see any other body parts that like I
said there's a good deal of blood and
the clear signs of a struggle
okay does it look to me like enough
blood that he bled out you know what you
would actually know that slowly would no
it doesn't look it looks like enough
blood that you know pieces of him were
cut off mm-hmm but probably not enough
blood that he died okay is there
anything in the bathroom people tend to
do body disposals in places like that no
all right and like step out close the
door behind me and quietly go downstairs
to tell the others what I just found
are you leaving the finger there no
gross
I'll pull a handkerchief out of out of
my jacket pocket and shake it out and
pick it up that way pull it up by the
string uh-huh and it points in a
direction and stays in that direction
I'm gonna like I look like a lodestone
okay and I'm gonna poke it a couple of
times to see if it goes any other way it
returns unerringly to that direction
which direction is it pointing southwest
okay is it pointing like out it's
pointing to towards the harbor oh now
all right can I catch the finger in
the handkerchief and wrap it up
sure okay I'm gonna but there's a weird
awared feeling almost like when you try
and push two magnets together when you
like put the finger in there there's
like resistance cuz it won't it
unerringly wants to go back in that
direction Wow
okay okay Bono's unerring finger
pointing that's a that's gonna be a
seemed to be a really crappy magic item
in the next question chaos there we go
all right there's no component a finger
okay greatly not yours as long as it's
not consumed when casting much finger if
it only if it only points in one
direction it's useless to make I may
guess it depends on what's in that
direction anyway once I have it wrapped
up and like pushing against it to try
and make it do what I want it to do I'm
gonna put it my pocket and see what
happens
it's it's I'm sorry but as soon as I see
Alexandre would be like this kind of
finger in your pocket are you happy to
see me there you go
if anybody had 612 in the YouTube
monetization every word in that was it
was was perfectly was perfectly harmless
yep just together ah context it's not
yeah it's not like the things gonna like
rip your pocket out to point southwest
okay all right so yeah once once I've
collected what I have found I'm gonna
step out and you use another
handkerchief to close the the door
because no thank you and I'm actually
gonna I mean I mean fingerprinting isn't
really a huge thing but also why take
chances
and I'm going to head down and plop down
at the death a breakfast table and say
big one the small one the medium ones
and immediate one one from yesterday one
from today like just well I was so fond
of well that's a good place to start
sure why not he's not up there there
is a lot of blood and he didn't yeah as
far as I can tell he didn't die up there
but there is there's a lot of blood and
and I pull the finger out of my pocket
like look around is there anyone else in
the restaurant with us yeah there's a
few people but they're not really paying
attention although you pull out a bloody
finger magnet they might you know
compass they did someone was there a
note was there anything that said did
they did the kidnapping there wasn't a
note or anything like that but there was
this and I hold and I hold up the finger
and like visibly struggled to keep it
from pointing Southwest it's still
wrapped in the handkerchief yeah but I'm
starving too visibly struggle to get it
back room to have it to hold it still
and what a judge will say loadstone
Joanne will say loadstone is that
Sylvanas finger it's a finger yes there
must be some other clues there where did
they go where do they take him I the
finger the finger is pointing Southwest
down towards the the dock if I had to
guess I would say that has something to
do with us you can make it navigation
roles if you want
oh cool and do we have any idea who of
the parties we think took him because
there are multiple parties now that are
either mean on the list of people he
cheesed off a pen you is you know the
damnedest but it could also be whole
Fang it could be you know there's a
there's there's a list it goes it goes
deep there could be other people from
other parts of the world but here how
many okay yeah yeah it's a how many of
them would be able to do this oh all of
them I'm sure but yeah since it since it
seems to be pointing at the dark that
makes me think pen hue because of the
dark mistress let's go look in this room
the rest
some other clues there you feel feel
free I had a look but maybe maybe you'll
see something I messed right hang on a
second but just let's be let's be quiet
about it because at some point we should
go up there and be surprised and call up
have the police called unfortunately
your eyes do we want to split up and
have some of you go up there and some of
us go and go to the concierge for police
and you guys can figure it out before we
get to get I don't want to have too much
time but let's wait to finish the
concierge or whoever
okay all right so yeah you all come up
to the room and the room is in very bad
shape it has been torn apart there is
clear signs of a struggle and there is a
good deal of blood where's where are his
writings yeah exact words his papers in
his bag
he's satchel with all the receipts and
his papers is on the is on the dresser
they poured out all the papers but they
clearly couldn't make they didn't care
they were looking for something else
okay it's we have to roll who should
roll this to get the papers and tiptoe
across the blood and get the papers Oh
if anybody anybody who wants you can
make me a decks roll to get there
without sort of that's not me
that's me or Donal yeah I'm just behind
Donal like Donal like was it was the
movie entrapment or what was the
yeah no problem you you've collected his
papers okay good good we need this this
is a good time for me to ask who is
carrying the eye of light and darkness
oh goodness
I know remember I thought it was Silvano
oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's why I was asking what I
don't remember Silvano having it I don't
remember any of that I thought it was
is you or Joan oh it wasn't me I never
carry those things
Oh be Joan you're the one who came out
with it
Joan make me a luck rule 31 beats it
viola who are carrying the eye of Lian
dart light and darkness okay
I just want to look at my notes just to
see if I had it but I do now I will put
down because you Pro would have smuggled
it pull it out there Joan can't yo
that's what it was it was in it was in
the crate yeah because Joan had to
you're right John had to smuggle she
would have smuggle smuggling in that's
what we've learnt that's okay that's why
that's not having Abbot but we have it
in the crate yeah listen I'll have some
sort of book or something like that no
Joan had that too we give that to Joan
but you finished the translation
I believe the book was taken the land of
yes the last time the room yeah yeah you
know okay guys let me know when I should
scream excellent do we do we have
everything that we need out of course
you can all everybody that's here can
make a spot hidden world young hey Coco
foo 23 that is under the esses that's an
extreme success for me nice hard success
for me emma is the all dreams oh wow
Emma you got a hard success as well Joan
I got extreme extremes and I both got
extreme successes so Joan you will find
that you can you kind of start to
recreate the scene that happened here
and you find that one of the windows
like the the lock on the window was
shaved basically and it my something
very sharp cut right through the right
through the lock it wasn't you know this
was not a great lock because you're on
the like fourth or fifth floor but it
was still metal but it was shaved
through and so something came through
the window and it looks like it also
they left through the window as well
because it was pulled back to be closed
okay
okay in and out for the window okay and
you also will get with that that the
door like the blood and the trend the
trail of it goes towards the window not
towards the door that was ajar you don't
you're not sure what the the door Emma
with your extreme success you're like
looking around and under the dresser
where where Alexandre found the finger
you noticed that the blood is kind of in
a weird particular pattern and that if
you slide the dresser aside which you
know could have some implications with
legal stuff you might be able to get a
sense of what that pattern is so instead
of sliding because trust me I have a
heavy dresser at home I take the dresser
and kind of tip it up on you don't have
so like yeah the drawers come up this
way I come to the side of it tip it up
and then angle it and spin it and so
you're telling someone else to look
while you're holding the dresser that's
how you avoid yeah so written in blood
in the under there is a very simple
well that was clear yeah no pressure
guys
yeah no pressure yeah well and then
so that's why the fingers like that good
thing Silvana knows a right of
transference it's a it's a lodestone
that will show us the way we ready to
have this room REE trashed by the police
yep
and I'm gonna step out and then look at
mm very deliberately cover my ears yeah
my two criminals make me intelligence
rolls love my do you praise that yeah
did either of you get a hard success
success all right you're not you know
you're not you're not feel you're not in
true felonious fashion yet you've been
you know you're going soft you've been
you've been stepping people too long um
so Emma screams mm-hmm and nothing
seems to happen all right I'm gonna run
down to the to the to the concierge
doors just yeah okay I'm gonna run now
you run down the four flights of stairs
yes ma'am can I help you my friend's
room it's been totally trashed he's
missing we need the police here now oh
no of course of course yes what really
he gets the room number and then he he
calls the police before you can go
back upstairs a Chinese gentleman we're
wearing kind of a dingy suit he'll stop
you and he'll say excuse me ma'am I'm uh
I'm I'm mr. Shea and I'm the hotel
detective what did you just just someone
is missing oh who told you I didn't even
know the hotel had a detective Wow
yes yeah and his third friend his room
we got tried to get him for breakfast
and his room was trash and there's blood
but he's not there I see can please
let's go check this room gotta wait for
we gotta wait for the cup for the cops
to come I assure you ma'am
it's I know how to work with the police
here okay okay but before it before
she comes up I'm gonna lean over over to
Donnell and and quietly point out you
know if they got our description from
the doc you and I shouldn't be here
rather nervous about the idea of the
police prying into Silvano's affairs and
looking at the possible suspects of them
and that that that that his satchel is
not going to be there correct Oh correct
mm-hm thank you all right well I will
since I'm so tired it's going to take us
a while to get back upstairs let's go
out the drink alright so Alexander and
Donnell are not there when they come up
yeah very very deliberately not there
just in case that description got back
to the cops
so mr. Shay comes in and he introduces
himself to to Emma I'm very I'm very
sorry for I'm just like this he looks at
your hand I'm very sorry for this miss
dress
tell me do you think your friend is
dead I I don't know I mean there's a ton
of blood in there I can only assume that
he is I mean I can't tell why would he
be dead Cory I don't have any reason to
think that someone would want to kill
him tell me do you have any enemies that
you think might do this this doesn't
seem like well let me rephrase this we
don't get a lot of robberies that
involve bloodshed here oh no I
completely agree this is this and again
I'm just like fainting and we
and oh I just I don't know oh we totally
put in go he might fight back he might
have fought back kind of please do not
sit down in this room okay I think I
mean we were just here doing research
for a client see I'm private
investigator and he's my assistant and
he's the one who you know tracks all of
their seats does all of the hard
research he's really invaluable to Maya
to my life similar Silvana's like Oh
who's she talking about the blood seems
to indicate that they took your friend
out the window this isn't a robbery this
is a kidnapping really is afraid of
that's what I was afraid of is that
happen often in Shanghai should we
anticipate a ransom note I mean I have
you have you entangled yourselves with
anyone who might have a reason to kidnap
one of you do you owe anyone a large sum
of money no we do not have the bouquet
from madame linen in the notes that's an
image room completely understanding as
far as I this gentleman I don't know I
don't know anything about anybody what
was I saying
no we do not own a large in fact we were
just here on a research trip we were
assisting dr. Lam here with some
research into a theory about pyramids
hmm he pulls out a pocket watch mm-hmm
says I will be frank the police will be
here in 20 minutes they ought to be
massively corrupt and owned by organized
crime so if your friend here had
anything to do with any of the major
crime syndicates in Shanghai they will
do nothing okay
I just look at him blankly like alright
I don't understand but okay and kind of
understand that it this is kind of a
pseudo shakedown like is he looking for
money I know I think he's you hmm
make a psychology role I actually had it
checked off apparently I've made it once
before no I do not because my psychology
is only 13 so all right
it doesn't feel like a shakedown okay I
don't really know why he's doing it yeah
I don't I'm sorry sir then if there's no
hope that you could have then he could
help me I would you be able to help us I
don't know what to do I don't know who
to turn to
typically it would be the police who and
solve these crimes he starts to look a
right he's like looking around the room
it seems that he misses everything under
the dresser it seems they notice that
and so he's looking he says well I'm I
mean my main my main concern is to make
sure that the good name of the graz
Manor is not brought in to this
unfortunate matter I mean the the police
will probably not do anything but and I
asked this question decorously I hope
you understand is there anything in your
friend's background that might be
questionable if they were to look him up
not that I'm aware of
I mean like I said he worked for me in
New York we grew up in New York together
you know nothing he's just very sort of
average kind of a skittish gentleman if
you will
I suspect that if this is his blood that
the sight of all of this blood would
make him faint I see should we you
know is if I start walking around and
like toward the dresser is he gonna stop
me or anything like I'm
yeah he doesn't he's like I I don't
think ma'am I respectfully I think we
need to leave this is you know we need
to not be yeah no I agree I just I I
just you know I wanted to see if I could
see anything that would help us I see um
I mean if you have anything you think
would help I'd certainly be willing to
listen no no I that's why I was trying
to look around I I'm an archaeologist by
profession so I like you know was there
anybody trust untrustworthy at the
library that we could think of
perhaps some did somebody approached you
at the library so you're not mentioning
the fact that people who've been tailing
you have been getting shot all over
Shanghai no no what we're blissfully
unaware of those kind of things right
because we're we're focusing on our
research I see well I certainly hope
that you find you know that your friend
is found alive and he gives you a card
and he says if I can be of any
assistance please do let me know okay
thank you
Alexander and Donnell you go you go down
to the bar and because you know dahil
goes let's get a drink
I was like it's 9:00 and 9:30 in the
morning I literally looked at my watch
when he said that and sitting in the
bar is a a well describe yourself Flint
for these people well Donald knows you
actually sir Donald Flint your old
airplane buddy awesome
the thorn council works for fellow
Rogers Roger
the Rogerson and we work to get better
in Cairo so so I'm I'm here uh
working on something for Rogers but I
kind of used that as an excuse please
tell me you didn't give him that
headdress sorry what let's not talk
about that here
perhaps shake the fellas and not look
we've got a situation one of our Silvano
has been kidnapped apparently last it
always orders the back-up hotel does all
the money for the girl Oh what happened
we don't know yes we're investigating he
was there was an awful lot of blood and
hoods he got dragged through a window
apparently that was my expression Tory
hmm unless he can fly I mean was it like
a fire escape outside the window it was
what brings you to Shanghai well I'm
looking into Rogers wanted me to check
out there's there's been a buildup in a
Japanese military activity that he has
concerns about and I'm also looking into
some sort of organization that's being
built by Brady I think in the new China
front have you heard anything about that
we've got a lead on where Brady might be
he's with some fellows in the warehouse
members name I don't remember his name
but I remember what it was it was
mentioned actually would check Emma
it's always gonna be the last one always
never fails of course is the last one
why would you keep looking after always
in last place you look because two men
Chun shout road that's where the
warehouse was that's right yes we have
we have a little bit of information on
that we were we were chatting with I
lost his name's Otto Otto it's so guitar
Oh who is a connected to the Japanese
imperialist spy network and I said that
very quietly so to make sure that
absolutely no one outside of our little
circle can hear that so so okay so is
that is that are you guys talking about
rabies we're gonna say ution are you
guys talking about
the Japanese military or both at both
you said you were here investigating
both so this is what we know about both
of them warehouse and taro okay then I
can have you guys already passed this on
to Rogers what happens no no
it's been rather an eventful couple of
days including a Mia flying cobra do
they know about Silvano's telegram I
don't think they do
I don't think Joan might cause I think
sorry my memory is no I remember the
telegram but I'm not there aren't keen
memory is ridiculously difficult anyway
doesn't matter after after we finished
our drinks I mean unless you I mean I
guess you guys are busy but when he says
I guess you guys are busy three
policemen go through the lobby of the
hotel and head up the stairs and and I
and I like instinctively just twirl very
very as nonchalantly as possible so my
back is to them I'm I'm just looking
straight at them just I mean a white
woman with with red hair
stands out anyway I don't need to give
them any more reason to look at me I
mean we or do you guys want to take a
you guys want to head out wake from here
for a little while
given your reactions there's no where
we're going well and we need to find
what's going on with Silvana we have a
lead that will might lead us in the in
the right direction for him but we might
by the way he's alive as are apparently
most of the members of the Carlile
expedition yeah we found that out while
we were on some sort of Pharaohs river
boat that was with me we saw who met the
black Pharaoh that's the thing that it
matters not that's the guy that I was in
the plane crash with I mean he mentioned
he mentioned the plane crash but he also
didn't tell like the whole story of how
like the pilots head got severed and
they crash-landed and had to go swimming
and he's been awfully sparse on details
our Donald to many details was a while
right yeah it sounds like it was quite
the adventure one or gate that said I
think we need to track down the Silvano
thing as quickly as possible there was a
message written in blood that says if
you want him come and get him
which I don't like being baited you know
we suspect Penn Hill especially since he
was taken out the window a fourth floor
building but we've had kind of a lot of
people on our tails over the last few
days on a flying Cobra just check just
making sure heard that right nope just
yep and you you've you've met the black
Pharaoh you must understand that there
are weird things out there just making
sure I heard you right
cool no fluid here has seen strange
things he saw some some gremlins
hmm.you system what yes let's talk about
the decapitated pilot now find out the
poor not so much it's not the fellow
with the neck though sausage to doctor
is you know or fella yeah I understand
that a little Egyptian fellow was
okay I want to ask well they are so John
will be entertained by the police
unfortunately well you guys need to hand
we could we could really use an extra
set of hands especially if you're
reasonably capable sorry I know I don't
mean that to sound as judgmental as it
does I'm acclimating he can handle
himself
yeah alright I want to take a quick
capitalism break Rav star burner just
gifted a bunch of subscriptions trying
to trigger the gale force nine thank you
you know wonderful them to do that also
for you completionists out there the
players currently have three inspiration
why did you have to bring that up
because tamago Torah gave through to the
GM I was just gonna let that slide it's
nobody mentioned inspiration and nobody
mentioned bit so I would be like what
bits aren't important so thank you so
much Rav Starr burger for triggering
that that's that's a wonderful thing and
is that for this session a me or is that
triggered for the no well alright so
we're giving away a gale-force not
Thomas he's probably not paying
attention are we yes he said we'll do it
at the break apparently would have to
break alright so it'll be
hashtag chaos at the break now I'm just
not gonna call for a break so I can get
me a gale force nine deck well they make
anyway you don't play 5e yeah they made
first edition stuff maybe I do so uh
back up in the room mr. Shea has stayed
in the room and he's kind of making sure
you guys don't do any wacky hi there are
no high jinks and the police come in and
the police don't speak any English okay
and so mr. Shea starts to speak to them
in Shanghai ease and they they all sorta
he kind of gestures that you guys every
once in a while and he he'll he'll come
over and he'll say do you mind the
police would like to ask you a few
questions but they don't speak English
do you mind if I translate
yes Li's very well and so one of the
officers who seems to be sort of the
lead investigator he gets all the
details about you know names and that
sort of thing
you're using Silvano's fake passport
name right I didn't think we were where
are we I don't know I I think that we
checked into these hotels under our fake
names or at least I definitely checked
in under Irene Adler so you give them
the fake name the problem with you know
keeping track of all the lies and so
they they take that down and they you
know they ask you some of the same
questions about any enemies has he been
involved in any illicit activities that
sort of thing and you give them the same
answers and and then one of them the guy
will ask does the name
Hisoka taro mean anything to you to me
now
you should both make me if you're well
so far only Emma's really doing the
lying but you should make me some charm
fast talk something whole to see these
nice people find them with appearance
yeah you want me to make that roll to
its charm or something like are you
gonna are you gonna yes sure
I'm mostly just gonna go get that out
loud right yeah how detrimental is
this because I missed it by one like I'd
be willing to not go to jail and spend a
point a lot I mean it's always good to
not have the cops notice that you're
lying
yep I'm gonna spend the one point a lock
okay it's fine I've got a what do we got
here Joan I made it I just made it it
was a 24 24 I was hoping that was I
fumbled smile so yeah you guys you
know you you've never heard of that name
and they say okay well and then they
with those roles you can slide through
they also definitely ask if if the name
hope Fang means anything to either of
you mmm just in reference I heard that
he's less than a savory individual I
mean but that's just rumor I don't know
him personally so I wouldn't want to
speak ill of individuals I don't know
alright that's a very veiled answer
there we go
so yeah the policeman will like it feels
pretty perfunctory they look around they
clearly they don't see the thing under
the dresser either they look around a
little and then they they sort of uh
sure everyone out they close the door
mr. Shay locks the room and and then
he'll as he is locking the room a porter
is coming up to your room with another
it ridiculously extravagantly wrapped
gift ooh in my room please
alright and like as it goes Shea is just
like watching it go sort of wondering
what's going on there but given that
same look back like what is wrong with
you bro
like you haven't been getting gifts your
entire life all right so you you come in
and in as you unwrap this there's
another note from from madam Lin who she
she says she says I saw this it made me
think of you beauty overwhelms me and
you have been given a two-foot tall
marble statue of some sort of Roman
goddess okay nude like with sort of
vestments fallen at her feet boy if that
isn't a hint
well I'm like in Emma's head she's just
like is this a God should I take this
with me somewhere I'm is this an item
that I need to like unlock a door jump
get in here what is this
I mean I'm Italian and I speak it
Italian what I know which goddess it is
before it's probably Aphrodite oh okay
alright so I Venus would really be the
okay and go in I'll go check it out -
yeah no it's it's a lovely very
anatomically correct
statue of the goddess Venus okay but you
don't think it's like you don't think
it's a thing right not in antiquity it's
it's new correct it's fairly new yeah
yeah okay and it's not anything that I
would use to like you know cuz she gave
me that creepy
tapestry well-liked no this is
beautifully done but it is relatively
new okay but I mean Joan and reference
she gave me that creepy tapestry which
means that at some point that tapestry
is gonna turn into a portal well are
gonna get sucked in it's just a given
I just know it it's gonna happen this
what is this just just never say you
like something in her house again well
unless it's like a million dollars okay
all right I'll give you that I'll give
you that but ya know you didn't see this
in her house before did you
no I didn't look at it since it's not
any better
there was an expensive collection of
naked statuary there's a lot of stuff in
her house a lot of stuff but mostly just
creepy stuff okay I can't I'm not taking
it with me so then I tried it like I
just like look around like let's put it
in the corner yeah just as long as it's
not staring at your bed right kind you
don't like turn it around so it doesn't
look at me when I'm sleeping kind of
that's fine that's fine I'm used to I'm
used to that kind of behavior how am I
gonna get the sword out of here I love
that that's your next question well we
did still we still do have that the bag
and we do still have crates okay cuz
we're I I don't know we should we should
go downstairs and get the other two but
we're going after Penhale and now that
the now that the cops asked about
what's-his-name issue bond you still go
taro okay I wrote like obviously I can't
go marching around town with like an
imperial sword yeah on my side well this
isn't Egypt we do have things downstairs
you know with the with the the hotel but
if you want to take and keep it there we
can do that mmm-hmm
no I'm gonna use it to cut off up
Penny's head ah then then we need then
we need
the bag that we use for the guns we need
it okay let's go get let's go get our
supplies cool friends there are very few
things that I will interrupt an entire
stream for but the bareness is drunk bit
giving one of those things my favorite
twitch user
oh my goodness is apparently spending a
night enjoying a lovely beverage and
trying to keep the spirit of Cobra alive
by giving well I'm gonna let Amy do the
bits here this because they'd you know
the telethon thing here vana
1500 bits to Ezra for being an amazing
GM but I do like the Cobra reference in
the fact that how did I miss Cobra
Commander
flying in on a flying cobra seriously I
would have prefered Serpentor is the one
who came with a cobra his action figure
came with a little Cobra okay and then
another 1500 is so drunk bits to Emma to
burn it all down I mean it's on the
table he says that emma is her hero
which makes me worried just a little bit
yeah I was going to say you need therapy
late she's been drinking she's been
drinking so I can see them patron saint
of all who drink the drink and set
I'm totally side comment but like the
other day you know how you just have
random thoughts as you're sitting there
and I couldn't remember all the things
that Emma's burned down in this game I
was like not as many as you think
because it wasn't you didn't burn down
the hospital you tried yeah I think the
question is how many gigs is emma tried
yes yeah because i was like a hospital a
hotel and then i just end in a boat and
I was like no fight with lava blood yeah
the boat was lava blood okay you've been
around a lot of things that burned down
yeah well there's not sue what kind of
things that you you know maybe you were
involved in burning down I feel like I'm
gonna get if history shows anything I
feel like I'm gonna get attributed with
fire but Boise guard in fairness history
is written by the unburnt tomorrow ah
yeah that burn yes so 500 to burn the
hotel down and unfortunately my guitar I
cannot burn it down until we have a
backup hotel you know what we should
just get our stuff just in case you do
have a backup hotel already booked yeah
it's the Pearl yeah you have the Probie
did right here the Pearl was the initial
hotel I'm saying is that we need a third
hotel at this point we're gonna run
through single-handedly keeping the
tourism industry in Shanghai afloat yep
so we should get going to just start
Winton flats a certain point although
you don't have an accountant now so
right right so how are we gonna deal
this is problematic cuz I don't know
what to do with these receipts I'm now
I'm gonna start asking for credit rating
rolls Oh shite silvano was covering
everything you know a brief for the
bareness a brief GI Joe moment if you
want an entertaining sort of Google semi
deep dive the history of GI Joe
localizations into other countries not
the not the cartoon of the comic book
those stayed pretty standard but the
action figures they they essentially
licensed GI Joe action figures to
different regions and those regions ran
with them and created like either
regional versions of GI Joe so there's a
there's one really Duke has a serape on
but with the the real thing is the the
the sort of southern American South
America they were really into all of the
GI Joe's having animals and so there's
this ridiculous like one of the I think
it's the Cobra sea trooper has like a
manta ray and somebody has like a gar or
a barracuda you know just all these
ridiculous usual things it's there's
there's a couple of sites where you can
find pictures of them but they the the
the local the localizations of GI Joe
figures and the lack of any sort of
quality control on Hasbro's part 2 like
control stuff is very amusing
I actually speaking of side comments I
long ago a new a woman who worked for
Lucasfilm she was an attorney and her
whole job was to read star wars geek
stuff and make sure that it was
canonical but she was in the so she was
an attorney she was in the approval
Department and so she would literally
like read things and be like the was oh
god what is the the sillas sila syrian
star port or whatever she's like that's
actually over here so you have to change
that it was one of the most amazing jobs
I've ever met it was it was a crazy job
she she was literally like she would
read books and you know she would like
go through RPG stuff and novels and that
her job was to make sure that it was
appropriate to Star Wars to Lucasfilm
Canon Wow I really hope no one ever
showed her fanfiction.net or its or its
follow-up archive of our own because I
Lord no but I'm sure it's it would
curdle her blood probably cuz weren't
officially published though so and III
could go into the history of fanfiction
and creators going after fanfic writers
because it's a sordid history anyway oh
yeah no it asked me about it later it's
it's a whole thing that's gonna be our
next New Year's Day we're gonna have a
fan we're now a fanfic program we're
just gonna answer your like wrong that's
wrong you know I'm very excited there's
a very active quest in chaos slash
community so it's all Tianna but that's
alright okay and then before we get back
to it a thousand bits to Ezra from Jay
from Jamie Matthews 85 because we can't
use his name right keeper of the ages
well no I think you mean agent keeper
yeah
keeper for the Aged yeah yeah there
JD Matthews my second favorite twitch
user you know Rachel's my third favorite
because she hasn't done anything you
know I haven't seen any bits to the
players yet so Rachel that's your cue
now she's gonna do it for sure as long
as she uses your bank account if she can
get more out of it than I can the key to
right well we have gone far afield so
when you Donnell and Alexander are you
leaving god damn it leave a note or
something right no note no we're not
good no we're not good don't say her
name
no do it do it squirrel you're her
favorite all the time every day thank
you for the bottom bed
thank you for draining Ezra's account we
appreciate it no I don't think her I
don't think we're leaving I think we
wanted to wait for the others because
we've talked Flint in to come in and
helping us figure out where in the
Savano is well you just told me that you
had to contact them like leave them a
note or something right we don't know
how long they're gonna be held by the
police I mean that's a fair and you were
telling me this was urgent
yes perhaps we could have with a hotel
send the note up to them and if the
forgive me to stare in the dining room
or some other part of the hotel that's a
that's a good idea
hey hey thorn castle you want to you
want to take that on since you're not
actually a are you a guest here did you
did you check in here no no all right
then it might be better if you do it
because they will definitely recognize
me and ask in the name of God are you
sending a note up when you could just go
up okay yeah even know
announcing that day flint thorn castle
sent here by an a agent rogers or a
mutual friend I don't know if that would
be taken more threatening Lee or yeah
use a mutual friend there it is
are we waiting are we waiting is
somewhere are we telling them to meet us
where we meet where are they meeting us
at the dining room any room hotel
restaurant you're gonna do the
investigation from there okay alright
wait we're gonna wait for that I can
breakfast alright yeah I was a hobbit
that sounds good all right so you guys
head to the hotel restaurant and they
will it's gonna be they between the
interrogation and the admiring of Emma's
new gift it's probably about an hour
before they come down okay the
restaurant keeps asking you to order
something another scotch some pastries
perhaps yeah scotch and pastries mr.
Chaddha pastries so yeah they'll bring
you some breakfast stuff and no they'll
they'll do that so you to come down
about an hour later and the front desk
guy waves you over and hands you a note
that says that we're we're waiting in
the restaurant but it's from a guy named
Flint thorn castle okay
Jeff Joan do you know who Flint thorn
castle is because apparently he's
waiting for us in the zoo where's the
bar
I'm school friends mutual friends at all
yeah I was gonna say dude can I roll to
see if it's ah we should find Alexandra
Donnell instead of grab him raw worded
it ominously yeah it is it is ominous
yeah okay but we share not in the bar Oh
cuz that's where I was gonna go look
where our friends are the two that we
were with I believe they went with the
mustachioed gentlemen into the
restaurant okay
alright alright let's go to the
restaurant so yeah they're there now the
only people the restaurant wants to
close they're like they're like folding
up the
the service everywhere around them and
like shooting looks and saying probably
inappropriate things in Chinese we see
them oh good there they are yeah they
are there sitting with a gentleman with
a magnificent mustache and a scotch and
a scotch and I'm looking at them and to
see you know Donnell and Alexander can
take care of themselves but okay they're
saying come over they're not I don't
look like they're being under the table
you don't look like they're being held
okay
no for the situation alexandria looks
remarkably relaxed you don't take any
knives so yeah go Paul
I haven't I haven't even picked up one
of the steak knives so you know things
are probably okay
koko just had to check I'm learning I'm
learning well surprise surprise the cops
here are useless
it's shocking that's actually good news
they did ask us a lot of questions about
people we may have run into here but I
have officially not run into any of them
fair enough
Joan Emma this is Flint thorn castle he
he works with agent Rogers oh is this
the infamous Emma this is one that made
professor Koo force start to have a
breakdown are you serious what that
wasn't all me okay infamous is exactly
the right word thorn castle I didn't do
it yes or if you did you forgotten I'm
just saying I did I don't know him I
didn't do it
don't you've made a grown man break down
into hysterical crying
if goodness I don't want to teach me
that I should get some sort of skill
check for that shouldn't I I don't know
what it would be Dulli mythos right oh
oh god do I have the highest Cthulhu
Mythos again now that you're gone
without Silvano yeah really mean to you
no yeah yeah yeah that'd be a mean thing
to do
alright break up the party but Silvano
is gone yes Andrey let's just go kill
pin him that is going to be it's not
ordering breakfast why didn't you order
breakfast but we were sitting here they
kept asking you same wait I thought we
were waiting I wasn't gonna I was trying
to be polite not while I have in my
stomach a scotch yeah that sounds about
right
you okay let's go get out of here and go
to lunch someplace else or something cuz
this we don't I don't want to be here
anymore no well we made them we made
them wait like that's actually kind of
insulting - okay alright as you are get
up like people come over and they
immediately start taking the table down
and like swearing under their breath
yeah I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure we all
recognize the swearing that has a
certain international flavor where we're
a little Shanghai you use and you I'm
gonna Pat my pocket wherever this leads
us yeah let me get my sword your bullet
like what I did not Pat my but you are I
patted my pocket a beautifully
constructed sentence I did not Pat my
but you arse
[Laughter]
anyway if that if if that wouldn't
demonetized us that would be an lb then
that would be it she would absolutely
use ours instead of instead of ass
alright so you're just gonna follow the
finger I mean I I'm going to leave the
thing I'm gonna delete it I see but you
can go can you feel it a few where it's
going I'm gonna leave it wrapped up but
I'll hold it by the string so at the
very least I know let's get out of here
we'll see wherever it leads us what
about just will tell you what time let's
go in the rooms and talk there we have
wasted too much time already I know but
I gotta get my sword and doesn't anybody
need a
for something I have my knives oh do I
have but I shouldn't have my case
somewhere all right all right all right
that's not a small case didn't do we see
the case yeah it's like sitting it's
like sitting by the front desk O'Donnell
I see I see why you took her to him so
quickly yeah let's let's meet and confer
somewhere in private shall we so when we
go back upstairs to the room are the cop
like is anybody in there
no like okay Silva Solano's room is
locked and closed and it doesn't seem
like anybody else is up there okay so
whose room are you going into Emma's
room okay good luck roll who's making
look girls emma is the first thing you
see is a naked statue with its butt I do
not make it it's because I only have 38
locks left okay
so you open your door and you're as
surprised as he is to see mr. Shea the
hotel detective who's like right now he
has like your bet he's like lifted up
your mattress and like the door opens
and he just goes I'm sorry excuse me I
didn't know that investigating my room
was gonna bring my friend Silvano back a
good detective follows all the leads a
good detective Minds his own business a
good detective might ask why there's a
Japanese sword in this room a good
detective would also ask why there's a
naked like statue in the corner facing
the wall a good detective a good
detective wants to know nothing about
that or the atmos tree
oh no the tapestries in the safe yeah
it's a mystery that's in the safe cuz
honestly the good detective would think
that the statute would be more
interesting than the sword okay how
about a perverted detective would think
the statues more interesting than the
sword we have an associate of yours who
has lost a finger
a door that was sliced open by a very
sharp instrument does you know he lost a
few lost a finger he's an amazing
detective I hate him already
no but he's a compete reott who's lost a
great deal of blood and a door a window
that has been sliced open with a very
sharp implement implement like say a
Japanese cavalry saber is it really
sharp don't like I pick it up and like
dude this is a sharp okay oh yeah you're
right that is I kind of sharp I just
thought it was pretty that's why I got
it I bought it I something that kind of
kicks out if that's the case why is it
hidden what do you mean it was him
what do you mean it was hidden I just
kind of have you seen this room I just
put [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wherever it is you know what I
mean
it's like where was it hidden it was
wrapped in a coat in your closet yeah
that feels about right did you what else
did you find in my closet cuz usually I
just take my things and just kind of
throw it in there at the end of the day
and I'm actually looking for a shoe that
matches this shoe and I pull one out
from like underneath a bunch of crap
that I have on my floor and I'm just
like I can't find this one so like is
that in the closet too because I have
been slowly like millimeter by
I'm going to take you at your word that
you had nothing to do with the
disappearance of your friend what why
would I why would I take my own
accountant if I took him anywhere he
would just be next to me that's where we
would be together also why would we draw
attention to ourselves deliberately if
we had ya with us exactly and likes
throw blood all over the place that
makes no sense this would not be the
first accountant killed by there
employer you can just fire them I mean
if they're terrible you just say thanks
but you know your services are no longer
needed you can take your stuff and leave
please
it's just that simple I see well I you
don't ask about the statute no I'm fine
what is what tell me about the statue I
don't know it was a gift I mean you
people give weird gifts here who gave
you this did some lady named Madame Lin
she just sends me the weirdest stuff I
don't even understand what that's all
about
what else has she sent you well address
obviously if you are in my closet you'd
see that my dress hanging in there it
doesn't look like the rest of my clothes
do you know you know I'm very sorry I'm
terribly sorry I I was not aware I beg
your forgiveness I'm terribly sorry to
have inconvenienced you in this way um
please excuse me I'll be going
everything here is fine thank you
wow he like beats a hasty retreat a like
worried retreat me cuz now I gotta
improve my drugstore fighting skills in
order to back that up
no you don't just call on madam Lin yeah
I'm gonna get more weird but statues I'm
pretty I wonder how much we can get for
it and you don't knows a guy it looks
very I mean I don't know in meantime I'm
in my closet like rewrapping the sword
my coat trying to like get my stuff
together alright yeah you know we get a
map of this theory of Shanghai a good
map a compass so we can align it
properly
we cannot get out of this a week week
are we packing up and leaving I've got a
compass top of the city you can find a
pretty good amount your the table up of
the map out it's used to compass align
it so it's actually exactly aligned all
right make me now let's make those
navigation rules damn it with a map no
accept it you haven't been anybody yeah
with a compass and a map
I'll give you advantage on critical
success I got navigates boom at least
someone does thank you all right thorn
castle with a critical success here
Rogers well know what you know is that
you know very quickly you run out of
Shanghai and this is heading into the
ocean and this is kind of Rogers had
told you about a small island in the
South Pacific that they were concerned
about and this seems to be pointing in
that direction
not that the Brady Island or is that the
Japanese island that is the Japanese I
know sorry no that is that is the pen
you Island
can you island this is what that portal
was leading to yeah I was would say if
I'd look at the map I should be able to
determine that based on the fact that I
saw in the pyramid right you know what
yeah yeah like when he says that you're
like oh yeah that's the the all the
where are they all converge yeah and and
I and I would bet money that that is
where that portal in the dark mistress
leads to I do not understand about 60 to
70 percent of what you are all are
saying me neither it's fine that should
be an episode title that's it right
there
that's that's all right we've lived
through it and we still don't understand
most of
it just gets weirder from here may I
mean are you coming with us Flint are
you or you leave a telegram for Rogers
first question is should we go straight
after so bottom now or should we do some
other things in the city before we leave
like why Flint has lost a lot of blood
and he doesn't have a finger they got
Flint - here's the thing
where's my tertiary character here's
here's a wheel in there we go I want to
be the hotel detective I didn't know
that was a job if he if he was going to
kill Silvano he would have just done so
he hasn't reason for keeping him alive
and I don't know Joan you know more
about the weird stuff than I do but what
do you think this would still point in
the direction of him if he were dead if
he was able to do a transference or if
somebody was able to do a transference
it might be able to show the way because
it's my eye what little I know tells me
that you know if there's a connection
between a person and a thing from them
usually I think hair but sure a finger
why not and it looks like it's made into
it's it had the thread on it already
it's not like that was you know we poke
around and read no the thread was on it
already so it looked like it was put
there and of course we have the come and
get him know so I'm I'm thinking that
that's it we just we've got to follow it
we got to go and we got to figure out
what the heck's going on well that that
that being the case it would be in pen
his interest to keep him alive which
means that it's I mean it's a rush but
it's not go do it okay I see what you're
saying maybe we could do a figure out a
little bit more what did you want to do
before we let Lynn tunnel I mean you do
have some allies as well positive yeah I
was gonna recommend that we get back up
yeah we we could talk to taro we don't
they may have some boats that can use
the transporters over there with some
they're men with guns armies of people
yeah it comes with the boot that too but
also if we wanted to track down the
brady connection and start figuring some
of that out rogers thought it was
important enough to send this guy all
the way from Matisse of cairo
yeah cairo what no okay
all right all right i feel the urgency
but i want nothing more than to go and
get Silvano and punch this guy's face in
that said he's a lot stronger than us
and i'd like to go in with the playing
field as leveled as possible agreed
agreed
and maybe i can look through the notes
and see if there's any other magic that
I could let's try to avoid using magic
as much as we can you saw what I did to
Solano I've I really think that should
be a measure of last resort I'm not
gonna say don't use it but oh gods the
sound his neck made I hate leaving any
tools on no I I completely get that but
yeah well no I don't have the staves but
don't have the headdress all right yes I
I don't want that to happen to you I
don't want to hear your neck that make
that noise I'm good with that
thank you successful I think so that's
the thing though it did work as far as
far as we could tell because he got real
pissed off and Savano wasn't that pale
green color anymore what worked to pull
it to pull that at sickness from me to
him it looked like it worked to pull it
from him to pen hue yeah he just paid a
hell of a price for it and he's still
paying it so we gotta we gotta we gotta
get rescued but you're right we need
let's let's let's do a little bit more
it's the Skinner let's get our stuff
together before we could go and do that
alright yeah if we just go charging in
we're just going to die or anyone all
right well like any other project any
other dig let's get our stuff together
first so you definitely have taro as an
ally
you might have Madame Lin homonka
flutter your eyelashes just go flatter
who else so what else do you want to
look into I I would like to check out
the the two men can warehouse thing
because that's a big like lead that was
dangled in front of us and that was
something that Flint was was sent to him
to look at yes no I'd be willing to go
do that and check it out oh no what
bretty is doing what is it that he's
doing that everyone else wants him dead
for I don't know but whatever he's doing
it's big enough that everyone wants him
dead so is dangerous though right
everything is doing that well no I'm I
I'm just trying to gauge if I want to
wait to send the telegram after or
there's a chance that we'll all die send
it first so Rogers has some information
I think he's you know the new China
front Rogers called them terrorists okay
I I think send it first in Assen that
that way at least Rogers will have
information to pass on to Boylston and
the rest if they follow up all right
I'll send it then
oh gosh something that you said about
this being dangerous that well it's gone
now so you're just gonna go check out
are you gonna case the warehouse what's
your approach
I've got binoculars too by the way
oh good so doing good yes yeah III think
that case in the place is a good idea so
that we so that we know you know how
many doors there are if there any
windows so if we go in we don't get
trapped in there during the day during
the night
what is the well this time of the
essence yes it's a route it's just after
lunch now yeah that's I mean let's do
some honest I should do that
rain is shutting down but though we
should do stim we should
some reconnaissance of the area during
the day and the night so we can tell
what their guard situation is let's just
be extra careful on our way there so
it's not obvious that we're going there
and that we can't be tracked
agreed Oh Oh buddy Oh friend you don't
know do you
we're being followed by at least two
different parties well we're gonna have
to lose both of those parties I can't
lose all of Shanghai right now with just
those of us doing reconnaissance have to
and we want to find a place where we can
watch it discreetly as well as you come
down to the lobby to I guess get a cab
sure you am I hear you're your buddy Lee
win oh good what where where does the
fight lead us today hi Lee win and I
just turn around and smile and look at
everybody else and turn back we might
have a job for you for me oh I am I'm
I'm like every time I put a head on
thorn castle shoulder and quietly be
like it's just Emma she just has that's
why that's why the I just want that to
be an episode title no no yeah yeah give
us a different crowd well I'm fine with
that
so I look at everybody and just be like
we should have you to go why not would
he know to look for the kind of
information that we need I don't know I
don't know what do we need entrances
exits those art people in an hour you
need I will give it I would give them
out of life to this cause no way is the
cause for this no no we need
professionals doing this what's the harm
we just need to know graduated high
school
we just need the three of us have to go
to the bathroom we'll see you in several
hours or maybe a day we just need
someone to discreetly look at a specific
building and let us know how many doors
they have how many windows it has no how
many floors it has no who's coming and
who's going and at what times do they do
no and if you're found lying to me I go
over your head
they will drag you away and they will
shoot you know it's very dangerous work
he's fully aware turn at the end no no
be towed no but for you Emma I would do
of course you have you have shown me the
power of righteousness and the power of
our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ and you
need to blend in and do it discreetly I
love your I am the soul of discretion he
screams the top of his lungs he's gonna
give us all the way and we're all going
to die if we do this this way we all
need to travel to some destination
perhaps an embassy or whatnot and on the
way there drop off the two observers
discreetly while the rest of the group
continues on and the two will go and
watch observe and they'll be picked up
at a later time the two observers who we
can decide can be the two of us I hope
it's me me and Jesus that's two would be
a good person to observe
that's a fair point you did just get
here Flynn didn't you yeah who's going
with me not him okay perhaps no yep have
you accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord
and Savior yes but no
[Laughter]
I'm I'm a very good interpreter and
are you sure what's it gonna help what's
it gonna hurt
possibly everything well just know it's
it's there's no debate happening here
it's just no I I love how you come in
and tell us how to do likes to say no a
lot just risking I'm not risking my life
in someone else's life because we want
to go by the seat of our pants I would
give my life for this one for this what
what's our goal there it is just might
evil yes I would give my life to smite
evil god Lauren Castle but you and I can
do this
we've done we've done surveillance
before perhaps not as successfully but
this will be different if there's a
kiddo even I call him aside and I give
him the wrong address
there we go uh-oh okay I will go watch
that building you will know exactly how
many floors that building has Thank You
leeuwen be very discreet
aye and on the soul of discretion and I
give him the address for the other hotel
that they've been staying at all right
he he he runs off singing hymns booth
right so who's actually going to go look
at the building I can I can join the
front we've done this before
all right to it to it too is less
obvious than three or five hey as long
as we're not flying there so what should
we be doing well this is going on
we want to touch base with taro yes we
need to get votes need to collect an
army sounds good in fact I'm even
thinking about contacting madam Lin for
some people what are the chances that um
Brady's on that island I think pretty
high so do I yeah
everything everything is pointing at
that Island at this point mm-hmm
literally literally yes okay I think
this is a great time to take a break so
for that gale force nine deck put a
hashtag war game master gasps the
hashtag once once the set were you on
treadmills that are running things
around here are empowered to be entered
to win that gale force nine deck and
we'll be back just as soon as six people
can use six bathrooms oh wait a minute
oh wait a minute actually got to do a
thing sorry okay control yeah I totally
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back Internet friends and
congratulations to Skala grimmer who won
a gale force nine deck
thanks to I've already forgotten
somebody else who gave up on RAV
starburns Rapstar nautical
thanks to a server who donated a bunch
so scale Gerber congratulations so when
we left our heroes they were as always
splitting up which never goes wrong and
they had a you guys had a plan to keep
the split-up going and have you go off
so somebody from each of the two groups
make me a stealth role from the Flint
Donald group you can choose who and from
the other group you can choose two how's
your guys donal might be a little better
than me 63 yeah you should do it I just
I have I have 14 okay you're better than
me inspire 72 that inspiration made it
84 today me a bad job and try sing up
the Amy rings yeah that is impressive
all right ladies what happened with
your stealth role I made it alright
that's a regular success but made it
alright so the people that are following
all of you are following the guys it's
exactly the opposite of what they wanted
that's amazing and I make some rolls to
just at least know if we're failing oh
success hard success on that hard
success okay flick no not you ingrate
alright with a hard success Donal you're
pretty sure that the double switch
didn't fool anybody
you're not sure if you're well no the
hard success you're pretty sure you're
being followed
you have no idea by who or how many
people but the truck there it's very
familiar well I was I saw earlier behind
us they must have seen us get out of the
vehicle and the following us we want to
find a nearby restaurant and make it
look like where did we get lunch because
we didn't get lunch did we you did not
get lunch yet
I get lunch rubber bites and then we can
leave out the back door
sounds good all right so you guys head
to a restaurant so you'll do that ladies
you are heading to actually where are
you going
madam Linds is that what I heard I was
just gonna send her a note at some point
when we figured out how to get a boat we
alright so when when his last warehouse
had been unceremoniously destroyed he
had told you a way to connect with him
and so you through intermediaries takes
a little bit of time it's the afternoon
by the time you do but you meet him in
the banquet room a back banquet room of
a Chinese restaurant you're seated when
he comes in he comes in through the back
door he's dressed like a waiter as are
the two guys who are with him and he he
says you you called me yeah how does it
say I'm like I'm all like fighting mad
unless you want me to talk I'm all I'm
all riled up all riled up and ready to
go yeah I'm ready yes there's been a few
development since the last time that we
met up our our friend
silvano seems to have been
taken by we suspect the mr. Penghu the
fellow on the Cobra alright and we are
being pointed in the direction do do we
have the map with us sure although the
island is not on the map no but it's
pointing off that direction and we and
we have an idea of where it is from what
Emma saw with them overlapping and
you'll remember that taro actually
mentioned them that the island as well
sure we are we are being directed at the
island that we discussed the last time
that we were - were talking I'm pulled
and pull up the map and point out and
point at that the place where we've not
pinpointed but at least guessed up yeah
I see and we were hoping for some
assistance you want me to give you men
to go into a trap I need a boat you have
already cost me a fair number of men and
a great deal of equipment to be fair you
you cost yourself that by bringing us in
it was a little bit different we didn't
choose it - and choose to come we were
we were we were told to come and it was
Penghu not us who blew up the warehouse
destroyed all your stuff I mean we're
going after Pena and we need help it's
time for revenge time for actions are
I'm like fighting with my coat - like
trying to undo the swords and I said we
just need to we need our friend we need
to get we need to get him back and and
you needed us to do that and destroy
my concern is that your call to action
is fairly emotionally motivated and
again this is clearly a trap doesn't
Japan one another Island Imperial
Japan's need for expansion their
territory is neither here nor there and
that island is not desirable real-estate
Imperial Japan is looking at China not a
small rock outcroppings don't they want
to get rid of something that would be
hurting the China that they're trying to
take over and that's what's out there on
that rock that's interesting tell me
more about this what how is it hurting
China because if more cobras more
horrible things come flying in you don't
want that we want to be able to get them
at the source and I think that's the
source pen who has has tapped into well
you you were there you saw the flying
Cobra and all he's tapped in into call
it otherworldly powers for ease of
shorthand and if he continues to gather
power he will be able to give Imperial
Japan a run for its money on on taking
but if we can get him while he's small
while he's in this one thing then he
can't expand have you shown him the
finger at all
not yet all right and I I'm keep
looking Alexander Lee I just don't
understand why you are seems like from
everything you've said that this is
clearly a trap that pen who wants you to
go there why are you giving him what he
wants because if we give him what he
wants he doesn't rampage stone lions
through downtown Shanghai hmm that was
him yesterday if we can contain it to a
desert island where there aren't going
to be where there isn't going to be
collateral damage then we can deal with
possibly deal with the situation there
as opposed to have it breathing down our
necks in the middle of a huge populated
metropolitan area where there are
countless innocence in the line of fire
there are innocence in this world there
are people who haven't done anything
my government has a direct interest in
destabilizing the Chinese government but
there's nothing that said that it won't
be keep getting D stable then D stable
when you take over order is something of
our specialty and a giant Cobra flying
through the sky is I think the very
opposite of order especially with
someone as insane as Penn keel at the at
the reins when would you be doing this
we would prefer as soon as possible but
and on resources exactly I can offer you
a destroyer but it will take me a week
I'm gonna glance at the other two
eyebrows Erised the destroyer will have
a battalion of good commandos is that is
that the quickest cuz I don't know how
long he's gonna be patrolling us it's
not the quickest but it is it's the best
combination of power and speed I can get
you fewer men and smaller boats much
faster no I think that we need the power
of a destroyer on our on our side I've
seen what those things can do it's fire
from heaven the Imperial Navy is without
equal on this planet the English woman
is going to coffin to our hand at that
one I'm just I'm just looking I'm like
you will tell the captain of the
destroyer I must remain here to continue
our work here but I will set you up with
the captain of the destroyer and a
translator and you will tell him what he
and his men should expect on this island
well these are soldiers these are
hardened men they will be prepared for
oddities all right well well will they
be told that we are not crazy and that
we are actually telling the truth
because the things that that could show
they will make their own judgments but
we cannot our efforts here cannot afford
a major setback like the loss of a
battalion of commandos that's fair
all right I will we will tell them what
they may deal with from what we've dealt
with over the past what is it now four
months very well in a week today is the
25th so I thought I was the 26 now no
Danny because the morning of the 25th
was when Silvano disappeared or saw my
fifth yeah so so what's a week
that'd be May 2nd
all right no May May 2nd in the evening
at the docks there will be a skiff the
as you board this ship you will say the
word Sakura a curtain that will let them
know that you are the men to take to the
to this ship to the destroyer they will
take you to the destroyer and they will
take you to that Island Sakura is the
thank you very much for this I cannot
begin to express our appreciation
appropriately you were not incorrect
that I owe you a debt for my actions and
now I consider that debt paid
acknowledged I wish you luck I feel like
we're going to need it thank you sir
and he and the two guys leave do we want
to get lunch while we're here yes yes
yeah they didn't take our meat yes yeah
commit pseudo treason in a country that
we're guests in and I mean I mean we're
gonna go find Brady who is also trying
to destabilize the country like the
authorities aren't going to like us
commit pseudo treason
yeah I'll be running a paranoia mitten
next month hmm making promises tamago
Toro suggested that the password for the
ship should be the Japanese word for
banana banana ISIL jet banana we can
start the whole pineapple on an us
discussion so gentlemen you have had a
lovely you you go into a restaurant and
you're gonna duck out the back door well
oh we've given them time and given that
our previous methods didn't work they're
probably good they're probably expecting
us to go out the back door so if we
feign going around and shopping we're
gonna force them into a position where
they have to actively watch us and then
at any point then we can take an
opportunity to try and lose them does
that sound better to you
we have to give them the slip somehow I
can't have them watching us watch this
warehouse so let's just do it we can
even if we have to backtrack a little
bit because it's about families whatnot
let's force them do they have to follow
us and then we can try to lose them
again and over lunch tree talking about
a fortune-teller looks amazing odd I saw
it would I'll show it to you sometime
back at the hotel nearby we have to kill
some time to lose him right mr. Leung he
shows you the ad for mr. lungs the stars
are aligned is he close he's got it out
of every paper yeah relatively close
yeah relatively closer we got a gotta
I'd rather do that to go shopping I
suppose all right let's tourist it up so
you walk up to mr. lungs it's a it's a
small decrepit building it looks like
it's one of those it's a live-work
establishment and although not a great
not great life so both of you make me
luck rolls OOP that also zero one oh man
all right so with a zero one Donnell you
walk up to the door
Flint as you're walking up to the door a
cat a Siamese cat runs between your legs
and trips you and then just looks up at
you annoyed as you like kind of stumble
but you don't fall you tripped me okay
what's your cut and so you go up and
there's a there's a there's like a bell
to ring okay both of you can make me
occult roles
I don't think Flint can know we can't
all right everything's fine
so yeah the door is the door is locked
Oh what mo there's a bell yeah right you
ring the bell and and the door it's it's
one of those Dutch doors so the top of
the door opens and there is an older
gentleman wearing sort of almost
stereotypical brocade silks and then
that sort of thing he's he's dressed
to impress the yokels but you guys are
yokel enough that you're just like this
guy's a sensei whoa that's and I
shouldn't use Japanese to describe
Chinese that's very this is a this is a
man of wisdom and and he he looks up
and he says ho you wish your fortunes
told
sure well then come come but make sure
that cat does not come in and he looks
at the cat and he says a couple of very
rude things that you heard in the in the
restaurant to the cat and the cat just
is like still kind of between your legs
just looking up at him almost like all
right all right so he unlocks the door
he closes the Dutch door unlocks and he
starts to head back
the cat is gonna try and dart into the
room as soon as you were gonna be
careful I'm gonna put like my foot in
the way and everything and then all
right you you clearly impede the cat
from being able to get in there so you
come in and you both come in and you
close the door the rooms kind of dark
and as soon as you turn around mr. lung
throws powder in both of your faces what
you have been rebuked rebuked what does
that mean you cannot harm me if you have
been rebuked demons can I just like can
I reach out and just give them a slap
sure yeah are you are you is this not
hard just like I'm just seeing if like
if that's true like just yeah yeah you
have been no that doesn't work we're not
demons he runs into the next room and
you notice that the furniture in this in
this place is like set up in such a way
that he has to run almost like
serpentine to get and then he runs
through a beaded curtain and you hear
him good you hear him going on with need
to find the answer and there's like
flipping through a book oh this is
interesting
started ninth party I wonder if he has
to back exit what the ask later on but
just as an aside I was reading the notes
of that Egyptian fellow they had a
bender in Miriam they had a bunch of
cats in Egypt that were following around
a bit related to some sort of an
Egyptian goddess or priestess or
something so I don't know reminded
Chinese cat goddess is that what you're
some Egyptian goddess they meant in this
and the alleys of Egypt or something I
make about it just something about the
cats
following the cat's around
don't trust cats that's the takeaway
except I think the cats help them
somehow it was showing them the way than
leading them to places so we should have
let the cat in maybe oh there was one
fellow that was who had stolen these
Scrolls from the cats and the cats were
trying to get him and he had kept these
wards or something to keep the cats out
probably not related I can hear you
demons let's go see what the demon fella
wants
we're not dierence what just what a
demon would say what a normal person
would say with this what our Fortunes
old fella you do tell fortunes
oh come closer come closer I have my I'm
ready for the dust this time right you
can go through the bead curtain there is
no dust this time he's standing behind
an octagonal table and he throws as you
come in he says ha ha ha and he throws
two bundles of money on the table and he
goes and like flash powder or something
he goes and the money starts to burn and
ha ha ha
what why are you burning money you start
laughing and he looked he's very sad at
your laughter no he'll money you are
compelled to do what this is demons are
drawn to hell money oh good thing we're
not demons sorry I fell we're just we're
not demons so no I I am a fortune teller
I know the demons are coming and you
have come when other coming you have to
have ads in the paper to have to have
customers do many customers I'm no
customers but you now demons
oh can you got fortunes told before the
demons come apparently you need more
money cuz you're burning yours
how many is worthless that's not real
money
no tell money you can buy it for pennies
for thousands but demons can't resist it
and if you set it on fire
they EE can't resist it I've got Mexican
silver dollars here for your family how
about that ten silver dollars you will
not tempt me demon do you accept money
for fortunes or not because we have an
ad that says that you do ha ha ha ha ha
alright if you are not demons you have
to prove it to me
everyone knows demons cannot use an
abacus Oh Shh No
and he pulls out he puts an abacus down
on the table and the appropriate
response from both of you is probably
what's an abacus yeah that the beads on
the board and we counter something with
them you know count I give you the
problem and he gives you like a long
division problem use the abacus if
you're not a demon use the abacus most
Westerners don't know how to use oh I
see where this is going
I guess all Westerners are demons to
this fella oh no I met this lovely very
rotund woman who was surprisingly good
he gone up a ship well no I was on a
ship when I I was hired by a cruise line
the spirit of Silvano compels you I'll
give it a shot my not 26 is not a
well he figured us out so would you
queue we're rebuked I suppose you exit
out of perhaps fortune telephone yeah
just gonna leave right we've been
rebuked so I think we have to go yeah
but we'd like to go out the back it's a
demon thing we can't call the front door
anymore and go out the front mute from
the front door so we're stuck in here
had no idea
I thought you you clearly you mean the
pictograms on the door work apparently
huh very good yeah sure so back door of
course of course he'll he like he
very carefully like he picks up another
head oh if you give us scotch we can't
come back that's another demon rule or
any hard liquor might work I think
that's right that's right but if I share
a drink with demons then I'm Oh No share
it with us yes yes if I offer you
hospitality
you can't disembowel me that's correct
it's been proven by the sages yes yes he
goes and he gets like a bottle of
some just incredibly it's like it's like
turpentine with delusions of grandeur
and he pours - two little teacups full
you drink I've offered you hospitality
you can't kill me then unfortunately
he's right
ya knows how to deal with demons but
it's real demons show up like really
don't just don't let them in what what
we've seen things greater demons if
greater demon come in where lesser
demons hmm yeah demons just in case you
are actually being how do you know that
you're I mean how did you find out that
we were coming if I may ask
it's that damn it's that damn towel mr.
Tao he put a curse on me who's this
fella mmm how is it my competitor he's a
tip he's not even a real fortune teller
he's a he's a carny it was a curse on
you yeah he's got he's got some he's got
well you see this is what demons do they
sewed out where could we find this Smith
just out of curiosity well we don't like
being just summoned out of nowhere and
then being rebuked we might you might
want to have words with him I could send
demons to mr. Chow hmm yes yes yeah I'd
offer us hell money I did yes mm-hmm
I knew you see this is also they work
and he points to all around this room
hanging on the walls are Scrolls of
tigers with with like fine art of tigers
demons
they are compelled to do my bidding with
the Tiger Scrolls because everyone knows
demons are terrified of tigers and so
I'm going to tell you where mr. tose
addresses and you will go and you will
haunt him you will tell him to leave
lung alone mm-hmm tell him that lung is
now the demon master you might actually
tell him that who knows now yes all
right the back door and he he leads you
out and he he goes and he he just opens
the back door and that cat runs right in
you better rebuke that cat watch out for
the count
yeah what a point I pointed the cat that
ran in Oh aren't you worried about back
cat no no no I got rid of the demons no
my counter measures work I don't trust
that all the same I'd be careful he's a
little more powerful than we are then
watch out for that one he tried to trip
me that cats a jerk demon or not well
then I command you remove that cat from
my house
ah he's more powerful than we are we
have no power over that but he did offer
his hospitality yeah I'll give it a go
see good luck you noticed that lung
doesn't step across his doorway he stays
inside his place now you can see that in
the door in the doorframe are drawn all
these pictograms oh is that what you
were talking about yes no Donald I
wasn't I was just reading the notes from
the Egyptian fella
okay can't say they're the same rules or
not but might have been similar approach
warding runes or protection runes
yes tection ruins from demons perhaps
right yes yes but not cats cuz that one
just came right in alright let's let's
try and get this cat I'll try and get
the cat alright so make me a dex role I
have to look I want to say yes and yes
no and you pick up the cat this cat
there's something weird about this cat
it is it is much heavier than it
seems like it should be for its size and
when you pick it up it like turns its
head and it just looks at you hey Donald
this is my imagination this cat is he
hands you the cat this cat is heavy like
much heavier than it should be for its
size and it's still like when it when
when you hand the cat to Donald the cat
is still just shooting daggers at Flint
I was like looking at you with like a
cat sneer he doesn't like you very much
fun demon or not this cat's a jerk give
me food for this cats never even give
him some fish or something
hey no I keep the cat out yeah yeah you
might you you've to catch a major demon
I'm not gonna give it food you said it
yourself
aah demon trickery I see what you're
doing
hospitals hospitality everyone knows
hospitality means nothing to cats not a
cat though it's a greater demon more
than one thing can be true uh-huh
that's true ok I'll try it out with you
here the cat slowly out dude over with
ok yes bring a cab to the door there is
a palpable sense of like press
sure as if you're like going through a a
membrane or something like you have to
like push through with the cat you you
haven't have any trouble there demon
these these wards or something
there we go try to push through all the
way all right make me a power rule here
we go thirty success all right yeah you
push through the cat leg starts to do
that let's carefully put him on the
ground outside in the alleyway just
slowly as soon as you put the get down
it runs right back in the room I know
I'm ready all right I see him putting it
down I got like the koechers yeah sure
make me a Dexter all you have advantage
on this you get a bonus die I don't need
it management wants me
oh yeah that's critical success like
Ricky you pick the cat up again and it
the stairs right back on you you pick it
up by the scruff of its neck and it's
just like not today demon cat it's just
like looking at you now it's just
shaking its head
this thing is sentient this is a cinch
gene I'm like leaning it and this might
actually be a demon only a demon would
know another demon do we want to take
this cat to mr. Tao like I'm sorry to be
distracted here but I'm fascinated by
all of this well they could shops
right here like this is their market
place yeah this is a mercantile area
you're in the International District
written by like they would carry poultry
or whatnot in forfeit yeah you can fight
I mean you can certainly find a fish
market easily let's get a cage and we'll
put the cat in there and let's find some
fish - why not once again as soon as the
cat is out in the alley long slam
the door shut and you hear like you
think he's nailing the door shut at this
point and the cat is once against
[Music]
what are we still it's just looking at
so mono just like shaking his look at
shaking his head this cat can understand
us unless it doesn't speak English in
which case it's just picking up our
inflections I mean it is a Chinese cat
after all I don't have much experience
with these creatures do you do you put
it or something
no I'm holding it by the scruff of its
neck no when a cat looks at you like
this it's planning its next move and
when it shakes its head at you
it's sentient and planning its next move
get a cage all right so you're gonna go
buy a cage
are you both is are you like walking
down the street with his cat we're not
even trying to I'm not trying to lose a
tail anymore
well you've gained a tail as you as you
walk on your street the cat the cat
starts like making even more noise it's
not like doing any and when you get to
when you get can talk you you have to
start talking
it seems like there's that wonderful
sense that many cats have of just like
indignity and that's what this cat is
just expressing right now like and so
you know when you get too
um you get to the plate you find a guy
who sells live birds and he's got like
that wooden crate cage kind of thing and
you are able to convey to him mainly
through the use of money that you want a
crate to put the cat in he wants to give
you a bird as well but you're like no so
finally he gets confine aliy takes the
bird out and he hands you the crate and
the cat is now just like silent before
let's carefully put the cat in there
close the cage up all right both of you
make me sanity roles as you distinctly
hear the cat say you put me in there and
it speaks English fifteen success all
right Donald surprisingly okay with this
I think I just didn't make it nope all
right you lose one sanity as yes this
this cat in perfect English says in a
very quiet voice if you put me in there
I will kill you
both of you oh no I'm not I'm not
letting murder cat get away this cat
just threatened us he's he's gonna kill
us okay we can't you can't keep holding
on to him we'd have to put him down no I
can I can keep holding onto him I'll
make some food for the cat you yeah
there's a fish mark you can get like a
little sardine or something a couple of
them bring it back to the cat look just
because you feed me don't think I owe
you jack all right but give me that
sardine give it to him yeah damn that's
good
I'm an anchovy guy myself but okay
monster
who are you I'm a demon you idiot
you speak English being for speaking cat
demon no I don't speak English I speak
demon and your stupid little brains put
it into whatever dumb language this is
you only have you don't even have an
8/10 how am I supposed to communicate
what do you want I have to kill lung
because mr. Tao summoned you yes this is
none of our business just let the cat do
his thing
your friend is smart let the cat do his
thing it's not a cat we have to stop
referred to it as cat at this point or
pass cat its assassin cats whatever he's
got someone to kill let him do his thing
I was gonna say murder cat but like that
yeah that's actually fairly close to the
translation in my home language murder
myths if I let this demon cat go it's
going to kill someone so by letting this
cat go I'm killing someone it's got
nothing to do with us we didn't bring
this cat here we didn't summon us impede
his journey he's gonna kill us as
obstacles look alright
you seem like nice guys I'll make you a
deal you help me kill Leung I'll help
you help us what what are you looking
for wait hold on and he like the cat the
cat's head so you're still holding the
cat by the scruff of the neck the cat's
head somehow is looking at you and its
eyes flash green for a second make me a
all right so it's regular success okay
yo there's a second when the eyes flash
green there's a second where you're just
like oh like an electric shock and then
the demon goes I can tell you where this
Brady guy is oh I was thinking kill Penn
you but that's good to do what else can
the murder count do it's pretty much in
the name we could use them a murder cats
to kill Pena yeah
killing Penn you look murder cat I'm not
a blunt instrument I'm a fine precision
tool I was summoned to do one thing and
that's to kill lung the question is are
you gonna help me kill him or are you
gonna be collateral damage
[Music]
want to get him a collar with murder cat
on this okay sorry sorry I'm could you
help us kill pin you have you ever
summoned a vengeance demon before no
obviously no I can only kill people that
obstruct me from mate from doing my job
are you obstructing me from doing my job
temporarily does that mean you
temporarily kill me I mean I could
incapacity
I think just put them in a got down look
you get lungs door open I'll take you to
that brainy guy I know what you want
your minds are ridiculously easy to read
but how about this hope limiter count
I'll go I think I lost something over
there at the the fortune tellers
residence I must've dropped something on
my pocket to drop something I think I
did okay I'll be right back all right so
the cat like is just looking at you and
it just starts to like tap one paw and
the other so I walk back over to where
he has the back door me it's locked
I'm gonna put the cat down I could pick
sounds I don't know
Maja's internally locked so there are
some dead bolts here as well which we
have complicate things survey the back
of the building other windows yeah
there's a window in the back and then in
the front there's like a storefront kind
of window got you got the back window
okay what do we go it is it looks like
it would be pretty easy to pry open
other kind of stacks of boxes up next to
it it would be a nice little key
stairway can you start to do that and
the cat behind you like don't patronize
me just try to help cats can jump pretty
high well then take some large you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
silver oh wait hold on somebody you put
the cat down
no not Sivan oh I'm sorry a flip you put
the cat down and it just trots off
towards lungs are you gonna follow it
yeah alright so yeah I'm assuming I went
yeah so that happens like the cat says
that and you go cats can jump pretty
high and they kind of taking yeah I'm
pretty hairy if humans could only listen
to themselves how stupid they sound all
no one who says that half of China
but Boyle help don't know enough to
dispute that
okay badass huh ah honestly what are you
doing to yourselves now baked beans poof
baked beans are pretty good have you
tried Ren Pleasant Robin know your own
vomit
someone else's vomit oh oh ma not
selling us no I just don't understand
the window look in the window
alright you you get the window open a
trots up and he's on the window sill he
turns around and he says look for two
men and then he goes inside and if you
stick around any longer you're gonna
hear a cat murder let's let's move
along okay alright last thing you care
is the last thing you hear is long going
like what how did you wonder if the
powder works I don't think so man you
know I'm gonna I'm gonna sleep a little
easier to men human you men alright so
that is the that is the warehouse that
you guys were gonna go to anyway I think
we lost our tail at least so you you
find an another cab and you take a cab
out to that warehouse are you still
gonna do mainly surveillance or are you
gonna just go in or yeah let's not go in
both of you make me a stealth roll I'm
just gonna need one success here or not
a fumble I failed it can we inspire that
you've got inspiration
that's right again a31
it's a hard success okay yeah you feel
like you were not followed and you get
it you find a good spot so the thing you
notice is that there are a lot of there
are a lot of people going in and out of
this warehouse they go in and they they
they come out like sweaty like they they
go in to work out it looks like or to
practice or something but they they go
in and over it like it seems to be
almost hourly they go in both of you
make me luck rolls if you get an extreme
success let me know zero four oh my go
all right so with a zero for you are
super lucky one of the people going in
there you would almost swear is looks
like the pictures you've seen of brass
Brady we want to wait for him to come
out and you know you this is not the
first time you've tailed someone Brady
is looking around like carefully he is
he is definitely the reason he stands
out to you is that he's being so
everyone else going in there is just
like going to the gym but he's just like
he's on on alert the whole time well we
want to go somewhere else to wait for
him to come out we need to follow him
have a conversation with this fellow or
just find out where he's going Harmonix
work mm-hmm
he's me very hard bound to tell he's
looking looking to see who's following
him
only we had some ether the
the fellow had a bunch of it what kind
of accountant hold up my flask all right
you guys are watching that's what you're
gonna get that'll take you into the
early evening so ladies back to you
you've just had a lovely lunch what is
your next step so do we want to try to
touch base with madam Lin and try to see
if she actually knows anything about the
powers that be and can maybe send some
assistance with us I suspect she'll be
able to send some assistance I just
don't know what else we want to ask her
or what she'll ask of you yeah honestly
every time and when I say every time I
mean that one time it feels just very
much like I would like to use her favor
sparingly as opposed to being like hi hi
hi by the way can I can I
you know sure but she's a very powerful
person the hotel detective was terrified
when you brought her name out mm-hmm so
I mean we are we don't have a lot of
options we are a very long way from home
you need all the help we can get and if
there's anything that she can do to help
us hmm
um you know what we could do we could
have had and we didn't invite her to a
dinner party do we do dinner parties no
not really well I mean do you want to go
to her house meet the two gorillas see
all the crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in our living room I
would love to bring the two gorillas to
the island with us just for the record
areolas are terrifying when pointed in
the right direction yeah the unfortunate
part is they're wild animals I don't
know which direction that is
wait other disorder okay so I'll write a
note to her and let her know that I
observe Patriots that are interested in
meeting her and that perhaps we could
get together over dinner or drinks she
do what is what is the response vehicle
no I'm asking alexandria and Joe if
that's a feasible thing to do I'm sorry
what was the question that we that we I
tell her that I have some Patriots that
are interested in meeting her and that
it would be interested
is she interested in meeting us for like
dinner or drinks perhaps in her house I
mean she did meet us at least briefly
herb Donnell and I at the at the club
she wasn't at all interested in us I
mean I suppose then the question is what
are we asking of her at his dinner party
hey we know that you have a whole lot of
connections and a whole lot of savory
and unsavory
I mean hurt her her weakness is that
she's looking for Brady and so in order
to get whatever it is that we want we
would just say that we're going after
Brady so we needs a mr. that's yes that
actually might that works that and if
she actually could because you
insinuated that you don't believe her
when she says that she doesn't know
about all of this you've seen the velvet
as a top in the center of the universe
right I haven't I I was not party to
the central universe conversation and
I'm very glad I missed that one watching
watching a world die from a corner of
the universe was quite enough for me oh
my god I saw the center of the universe
when I was like what I was talking to
Octavian you know that time where I was
like Julius Caesar I need to see your
boss you you you you have harnessed the
power of the Karen yeah Emma is the
first Karen I'm Kevin I'm Karen for I'm
oh my gosh hmm no I I agree we certainly
nice aw the velvet painting thing wasn't
as terrifying as mmm some other
paintings we Satan it does sound like
though that she doesn't always know
about why she has these she just got
them because she won not some other
somebody else not to have them she wants
to take it from mr. Fong so that mr.
Fong doesn't get it but I honestly don't
think I mean that's that's unless you
are extraordinarily rich and
extraordinarily crazy that's not a great
reason to just buy things I mean to be
fair it is it is extremely Petty and
that sounds like it's right up her alley
but I also do not believe for a second
that she has all of the things that you
described and she doesn't actually know
something about the the world of the
world alongside ours so so are but are
our in our in is Brady correct right
correct that is her gold that is what
she asked me for assistance and I didn't
commit to anything because obviously we
don't specifically know where Brady is
but I suspect Brady would be on the
island
if Brady's anywhere he would be with
Penn you yes--that's seem that that
would make the most sense so what let
her know that you brought some
assistance well do we know where do we
have something are we gonna tell her
that we need to raid the island when we
tell her we have time do a raid we don't
have to tell her exactly where it is
unless she makes us I mean unless she
has another boat to add to the destroyer
if she has back up I mean I certainly
will not say no to sneaking on trying to
find Silvano and then bombed the island
from from a distance okay so I will um
where are we I forgot where we were so I
can't read it at a restaurant okay
applause yeah I was so enthralled by the
murder Kent conversation I was like I
forgot what was I doing that murder cat
sounds like any of my cats yeah I know
that cats like okay I'm impressed by
your ability to imitate their noises
Ezra that was very good to talk to penny
in her language I'm wondering like she's
leaving it why does he keep saying wagon
so when we get back to the hotel I'll
send her a letter saying that some
friends of mine are interested in
meeting her and that dinner would be
fantastic okay if there is a rapid
reply brought to you brought to the
hotel by a personal messenger and the
the reply says I'm happy to any friend
of yours he's a friend of mine but I
will only have eyes for you wear that
dress again do you do you read this
letter out loud or let the rest of us
yeah and then you hear the noise and
really just laughing quietly but well I
I will tell you this if if you can use
this as leverage it will be very useful
oh you know the note actually it also
says so it says that and then it says
the last line is the last line of that
fortune again the quarry chooses its own
fate
yeah crap what does that mean I don't
know she read my fortune so she believes
in the I Ching which is like a bunch of
verses that you like I don't know you
throw some sticks down they make a
number like whatever and then they read
you read the verses from that and so
apparently and then I paraphrase that my
fortune was something in my book here
you want me to read it would you if you
could something about the quarry and
three sides and wise King something
right yeah the wise King uses I wrote
the rude books in the hunt the wise King
uses beaters that won three sides only
for going game that runs ahead the
quarry chooses its own fate what is she
implying with that are we no are we the
king or are we the prey or someone's the
Corie Corie a lot in this venture I mean
to be fair she is pursuing you fairly
hard but there's no way that a good
quarry can't turn around and Gore the
the king ooh you see it happen in boar
hunts you see it happen in deer okay
it's a good thing this is not just some
academic dude what know what that means
that I don't either
don't hates the retailer oh oh I've had
just people pursue me if I was getting
close to you know the secret of the
pyramid I was getting close to figuring
out what things were in I have these
guys come over and tell me how great I
was and then steal it from me how many
times did you let that fool you it
didn't only three and it came to the
point where I wasn't even getting fooled
anymore but because
they were men they could always take
there's there's there's a reason I tend
to go alone even with me even when
there's competent people like Donald
around but but this just we go make sure
we don't get into that situation here
that's all are you wearing the dress as
required the dress yeah I will
I'll wear I'll put a coat like a longer
like suit coat or something over it then
how will you hide your sword I don't
know that's what I'm trying to figure
out the only the only coat that your
sword can hide in is the one that I'm
no no you're gonna if you want to if you
want to carry the sword with you hidden
you're gonna have to not wear the coat
I'm I'm sorry
terribly sorry nothing you can do fine
fine fine I've taken a gun too then fine
I'm gonna tell you she's got two
gorillas I mean if you think for a
second that I'm not going with a minimum
of six daggers you don't know me at all
you you are all armed to the teeth you
do not get searched as you as the cab
pulls up to her lovely estate mister I
think it was mr. whoa mister whoa is
this glue yeah mr. Wu mr. Wu's waiting
for you again and he says oh it is
lovely to see you again please miss Lin
miss Lin asked me to take you two to the
drawing room for some drinks before
dinner
okay and when I replied you know
obviously I replied to the invitation
saying thank you very much it'll be a
party of four or whatever's that she
knows that there's just us coming I mean
three right sorry sorry yeah so sorry
so you you you you know in the drawing
room there is there's a plate with some
lovely dumplings and hors d'oeuvres and
that sort of thing out and
area she is not know okay do I'm just
look at that Amanda and that oh my god I
told you it was crazy in here so so so
what sorts of things are we seeing
around us I'm obviously the tapestry
isn't there anymore
so the tapestry is not there anymore you
see a well you know there's a big copied
I Ching but it's not in this room you
see a copper statue of some sort of
snake tortoise hybrid yeah you see a
some sort of weird using ninth bronze
bells you see a golden honk ooh like
that so it's on like a little pedestal
it is a it is a beautiful it's it's it
looks like solid gold you can both
make a Cthulhu Mythos roll if you look
at it I mean I could certainly do we
want to do we want to try and pass this
inspiration on this oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I passed it
Wow alright so I was wrong with you
[Laughter]
so it was nice having your sanity around
this is very clearly the focus for a
spell a ritual called Prince crooks
ansata which is PRI in s crooks CR u x
ansata
aan SATA and it is a spell a ritual
mainly used in Egypt that allows
although in this case
the long distances that that that make
your head hurt are like planetary like
this allows you to talk to interstellar
do you think she talks to you not do you
tell us this do you tell us this or do
ya
yeah I'm like I think she uses this to
like talk to like the black Pharaoh or
the bloated lady or oh wow I just you
know I I'm I'm like totally in the onyx
and crooks and things do I feel can I
make me a power role an interplanetary
telephone my goodness see that's only
three oh three oh three yes oh three
yeah all right so yeah so ever since
those staves were torn from you there's
been like an emptiness inside of you
like a part of you was missing and when
you like look at this thing it just you
there's a compulsion you feel like these
are you know this this is maybe
I want to know that no one has touched
the ankh yet you not just know but how
no III can I'm feeling it though yeah
I'm feeling it everybody because you
know what I mean if this is like you
said an inert interplanetary telephone
I've got some words for that black
Pharaoh you really want to draw his
attention here because I'll tell you
right now I don't know no it's not
exactly like mine but
oh maybe I can get it from her
under how much when you say so you say
out loud maybe I can get it from her uh
you you hear Madame Lin's voice behind
you and Madame Lin says I've already
given you two gifts would you like a
third where did you get did you also get
this from the trader from the auction
house where did you where did you
acquire this one that was a gift from
her phone
interesting Wow
I thought you guys were sort of friends
sort of enemies though it amazed why I
give him gifts all the time
really like what usually plums I know he
hates them
I give him plum trees he is he's bound
by honor to plant the trees somewhere
but he hates plums it amuses me but he
does things like give me that pretty
thing that makes my finger feel weird
every time I touch it hmm you've
tightened I mean once I don't want to
touch it again hey why not
it made my fingers tingle yeah I can I
can see why but that's neither here nor
there Emma thank you so much for coming
back no thank you for having us this
your house is amazing it was so much fun
the last time I was here you're very
kind
you're very kind and that dress looks
even better on you this time than it did
before
thank you I believe I met you at the bar
but I do not know you I'm so sorry I am
so she is a you know still very
attractive older woman she's very well
dressed she is she's wearing a beautiful
beaded gown and in her on her on her
left breast isn't a pin of a Jade Jade
swallow
oh I'm sorry forgive me I have I didn't
know that we had not been formally
ensure everyone has not been formally
introduced
this is Alexandria and Joan a pleasure
yeah what are your appearances me for
tea for me Morty no we're average
she's not dumping me no gin gin looks
like she went for Emma because she had a
she kind of just smiles at you both and
goes right back to I'm not even paying
attention I'm look you're just looking
at the ah yes I'm just I'm just watching
everything that's going on and being
highly amused I'm so glad that the
quarry has chosen its fate
this pleases me greatly I didn't even
have to use the third beater what was
the first in a second if you don't mind
I sent you the tapestry that you liked
so much and then I sent you the Statue
what was the third beater meant to be
another sumptuous gift um
among mm-hmm I feel a little
uncomfortable saying this in front of
your friends but we're both women who
know what we want do we want the same
thing I think so and I think I'm very
glad to you that is Jack rainy why what
why would you say that name we have
suspicions to believe that Jack Brady is
on an island he is working with an
unsavory gentleman named Penn Hume and
that we would like to rid the world of
mr. penny oh and if mr. Brady you know
you know that Brady stole something from
me
exactly exactly which is why I'm
bringing you and again - it's not
concise and accurate you know verifiable
information as of yet but we would need
potentially support in order to execute
our endeavor so you're asking for a
favor I think it's a mutual favor we're
asking for support in pursuit of a of a
mutual endeavor you want Brady because
he stole something from you that was a
dozen words when one could have done you
wish a favor from me and I am in a
position to grant you something that you
want but all I ask is that you grant me
something that I want Joan I'm waiting
for you to be like I'm not paying
attention now I'm paying attention and
what is that item it's very rare that
you're no item Emma you are a treasure
oh why thank you I assumed it was an
item since your Villa is full of
exquisite items I assumed it would be
another piece to your collection things
are things are dust things are
meaningless
I could buy anything in here
twelve times over no no the only lights
in this room that matter to me are in
lean in a little bit and say
unfortunately that's not I am not to be
bought or sold I have a higher purpose
here
I would never yeah of course I am so
sorry you are not you are not a
possession you are not you are not
something to be bought or sold you are
something to be wooed and something to
be something to be savored but again I
must remind you that I have a higher
purpose here of course and in serving
that purpose whatever it may be there
but first let's eat noise she wishes to
feast upon is the beauty of Emma I'm
she says woo and woo pulls aside like
doors that lead these lacquered doors
that lead into an amazing dining room
there are mirrors on all the walls the
candles are just reflected everywhere it
is it is beautiful there is Jade and
crystal everywhere she is pulling out
like the finest china wagon us and look
at Emma I look at her and it is a small
four person table and she sits across
from you Emma not next to you and and
she says let us eat and then let us
discuss business and and then she says I
have I've taken the liberty of learning
a little bit about you Emma and so
tonight we will be enjoying a meal from
I found an Italian chef in Shanghai I
will humbly say that I spared no expense
and I am excited to try your cuisine and
so yeah he's fine crystal plates come
out with slices of pizza on them she's
shocked when I actually like I'm like oh
thank you this is so kind she's just
like this is everything pizza this is
like everything combo like the whole
cheesy to make a triangle of pizza you
yeah I do it to pick it up no no no
really this is how the Americans eat
this she's she's gonna try she folds it
and if she picks it up all the cheese
just goes oh no you need another one you
need to have this the sauce and
everything on it Pizza Pizza do you uh
do you enjoy pizza Emma indeed I do it's
my favorite you know to get a slice on
the corner I see so you have a lovely
dinner there's wine there's wine would
bread Table one yeah yeah it's it's wine
it's it's expensive wine that is totally
out of place like she clearly was just
like fine I don't know anything about
wine buying the expensive line and
actually that sort of explains her
entire house is just like I don't know
anything about this it's expensive you
know got it
uh and after dinner you retire back to
the to the drawing room and she says so
you believe that Brady is on this island
correct we do believe that Brady is on
this island we think that he is up to
nefarious things many people are looking
for him but very few are motivated to
get him and what do you require of me
and then I turn to those do and be like
because last time I did this I was
yelling I want a boat nobody wanted to
give me about should we talk - about
what what we do have so far so we can
figure out she can help us figure out
what we might need put this into effort
we need multiple things I would suspect
that the first thing would be some
reconnaissance information some
reconnaissance I can send some fishermen
out to look at this island mm-hmm of
course yep
and this is specifically and then I
described the island it's got the
volcano and the fact that pen he was on
a boat called the dark mistress and so
obviously if those two things align we
have our right right we have the right
place I can certainly do this it will
take a few days for the trip there and
back but they will leave tomorrow that
should be what else do you require once
we ascertain that or we have
confirmation that that's where they are
their activities are being that that's
where I'm sorry I'm really I'm like yeah
yeah so that line yeah oh that's fine
yep once we ascertain that that's the
base of their operations we need to go
in and essentially burn it down to my
guitar
I must say Emma your your forceful
language agrees with me I told you I'm
here for a higher purpose and that it's
just my evil and those who do it oh and
I so welcome the opportunity to help you
meet your purpose together so that we
can count on your support I have granted
you one boon you have asked you will you
may ask for others may I ask something
of you within reason yes within reason I
put no conditions on your requests but I
don't have the power to achieve things
with money or I have do you need money
no but most things do what a curious
answer if you need money Emma you have
hold that thought ham dollar bills
flashing I just put something in chat
but holy no I would merely ask of you
a boon as you have asked of me and that
thing is
I want you to kill Ho Fang interesting
and and she has Alexandria's undivided
attention I'm gonna be like so tell us
more this seems like it would be an easy
an easy task for you you have an
assassin and she gestures a Alexandra
and I let's give her the sweetest
innocent knife-edge smile I will give
you all you want and more I will give
all that I have to you all you have to
do is kill how fun if you have so much
why can't you hire somebody else to get
it done huh or I mean I I don't wish to
downgrade my profession but it doesn't
cost that much to hire an assassin it's
very difficult to hire an assassin in
it's very difficult to do anything in
this town that is not connected or
traced back to home Aang mmm and with ho
Fang gone I'm assuming you take control
and that would offer a level of
protection for myself and my friends it
would I want nothing to do with this pen
human an enemy of Emmas is an enemy of
mine
I look over at Emma and just raise an
eyebrow because I'm like I mean how
dangerous is this ho Fang fellow I've
gone running into situations and
regretted it before he is very dangerous
he is well he himself not so dangerous
he's an old fat sad man but he has many
capable people around him however you
will have a little assistance Ton Ton
ping and up at the window the window
like windows are opened and two massive
white gorillas come walking into the
room and they just they sit down on a
couch and they're just sort of watching
what's going on they're enormous and
terrifying could tear me to pieces and I
love them twin to Nanking are excellent
distractions attack gorillas and murder
however you must be very judicious
in your use of Tintin and ping because
they are they are very connected to me
oh oh oh oh so people everyone knows
that I have two white gorillas if two
white gorillas tear apart the wall of Ho
but they might be able to lure people
away well
tone-tone and ping are surprisingly
subtle they're very good at getting
that's nice do you do you mind if we if
we confer for a moment not at all
I tell you what why don't we reconvene
tomorrow I will send you another dress
Emma thank you I think something in a
seafoam and it brings out her eyes I
agree and you and your friends will join
me for lunch tomorrow and we can after
until tomorrow thank you I will I will
only hope that I am lucky enough to see
you in my dreams Thanks not you za za za
thank you believing she's just very back
it's sure for pizza so do it do we get a
car back yes yeah yeah they'll drive you
back to the hotel I don't want to
discuss this until we get back to the
hotel I don't wanna discuss it in front
of they do not take me through that room
again where the ankh is right you were
in the room with the Ark you are who we
were talking yo yeah that's a wonder I
was having a hard time so you two are
waiting for Brady to come out and it
it's well into the evening before he
like he waits until almost everything is
it's he waits until it's dark actually
sorry no he waits until sunset so he's
going out and kind of dusk and he leaves
and he's once again being very cautious
all right we're gonna try and bag him I
guess you're gonna write you're gonna
jump him yeah guess what I think we
should do one of us follow him and he
will see that person following him okay
I'm hoping that that person can
essentially lead him to where the other
person's waiting for him all right
so he ducked down an alley or whatnot to
try to beat the tail where the other
tail is waiting for him yeah you've had
plenty of time to make this plan hmm i I
think you're gonna be better being
discreet than I am so all heard him you
catch him
does that sound good all right my plan
of course is I'm I don't see myself
being able to subdue him I pull the gun
points and hopefully you can be on
behind him until this company at
gunpoint we I can try and hold him down
I'm gonna be honest with you it's not a
rifle not terribly good with it close
right this is we should be fine but lead
him to me I'll start with the pistol
what if the pistol pointing Wow the
jumping went right to armed robbery on
I'm not using a gun because one thing is
this I want to speak to bring something
is not about it's not let's not try to
speak to him in the alley
I just tried to knock him out and let's
try and speak with him somewhere else
perhaps I just walked I got it something
is telling me that maybe he's what he's
doing might not be related to Carlisle
well let's not find that out in an alley
if we can all right fine well subdue him
taxi him I suppose
where do we take him to the hotel I
don't know that seems odd no we're
taking well you mentioned that a madam
Lin was supposed to I want to speak to
before she does I think she will
probably kill him but sure I would hope
that she would be decent enough to let
us talk to him first I don't know what
your appearance flame nope didn't like
mustaches I want to see what he has to
say before we take him in alright we can
try taking him to the hotel then all
right all right looking at the path that
he took to get there
considering the way he came we win I'll
try to try to plan for where I think he
would go he's going to be the tail and I
know hmm go ahead go ahead I'm gonna try
and set myself up in a way where it's
just obvious enough that I was waiting
for him to come out so that he okay both
of you make me stealth rolls yeah good
you both roll ten oh no I just got a
regular success so ten is what a hard
success that's the extreme cha-ching
okay so you yeah the plan works just
fine and it is not until Brady ducks
down the alley and kind of sees you a
little too late that he realizes what
has happened and he he starts to like go
into a fighting pose and he says he says
he says something in Chinese don't pull
his pistol on all right breathing who
the hell are you
Jack Brennan no I'm Jack Brady who the
hell are you
doesn't matter from oh yeah no he yeah I
see your buddy back there a fellow by
the name of Jackson Elias assistant look
you look you up never heard of him
oh wait no I had I met him once what was
that
here in Shanghai yeah he was looking for
me looking around asking a lot of damn
questions
yes man smart well I'm gonna give you a
chance before we take you in what are
you doing in Shanghai where the hell are
you gonna take me somewhere a lot worse
can i grab it hmm who who are you what
are you looking for me I'm dead Friends
of Jackson Elias is who we are and we
who are you working for we're working
for Jackson alright why do you need me
grabbed him so you all right you just
come up right up behind him make a brawl
roll
yeah that's a three so that'll be a girl
yeah so yeah you just come up behind him
and you lock his arms behind him and he
doesn't he's not even like so you feel
this guy is pretty muscular there's a
lot of muscles there but he's not even
fighting back I'm not gonna let my guard
down yeah look I'm not I'm not
interested in a fight we're not in a
fight you you over with the Carlisle
expedition you know what they did in
Egypt and now you're here why are you
working for Penn Hugh we're not working
for bloody Peggy we're gonna Jackson
sent us Jack's is dead he sent us to
find to answer these questions something
horrible that bastard Penn you is doing
you know it we know it what are you
doing look we can't talk here come back
to me come back to the warehouse with me
we're not gonna down warehouse tell us
now if you want to see what I'm doing
you should come to that warehouse tell
I'm building a goddamn army to kill Penn
you I'm gonna loosen my grip I'm not
letting go right he notices that and he
kind of notes that keep talking I don't
want to talk out here okay women I'm
gonna start pulling him out and I'm
gonna just keep my arm around one of his
arms come on let's Donnell come with me
to the warehouse Brady we I don't trust
you Brady but you might be telling us
the truth I need more information before
I can believe you well I'm I'm
Donal I'm taking him let's go everything
we say out here it's gonna get heard by
somebody I'm pulling him along unless
you're stopping me
you know Flint is already pulling him
out of the alley I'll keep walking with
him listen wasn't burning there's people
that watch you dead
lots of people it's not and I think my
friend Flint here friends what do you
want to do I want to know what he has to
use against Penn you do you believe him
I want to see fine searching you yeah
you're not gonna find the scrolls does
have any weapons on yes
Thorne does he got them yeah he's got a
he's got a pistol and a knife all right
I'll take a chance show us what you've
got
which one of us has taken a chance here
the one that went to Egypt with Carlisle
appending you the whole group you know
what they did you're a part of that you
don't know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about what they did I
know what they did and I'm the one that
saved Roger from everything they did
mother you don't get to say Rogers
shut the hell up let's go to the
warehouse all right are you a friend of
Roger Carlisle I said you don't get to
he starts walking off to the warehouse
yep we close them
yeah I'm still holding his arm you've uh
you've been around enough like
irrational people to know that this guy
is not insane but like the talk about
Carlisle almost put him on edge so he
takes you to the warehouse when he gets
to the warehouse he does like this very
complicated series of knocks and then
the door to the warehouse opens and as
soon as it opens you hear like you
hear counting in a in a different
language in LA in Chinese and you hear
like a bunch of voices like yelling in
singing in synchronicity he's a gift
come on and as soon as you come in the
first thing you see is a tank the second
thing you see is a hundred probably
people all down the warehouse like
practicing martial arts that's not gonna
work against this stuff we've gone up
against don't knock it till you tried it
come on let's go meet min there's men
he's
he's the guy who brought all these kids
in he's the guy who's gonna give me the
all right he takes you into a small
office and sitting at a desk is a stocky
little man dressed as a laborer two men
he looks a little surprised when Brady
comes in and even more surprised when
you both come in Brady says a met a
couple friends they want to talk about
the island and about Penn Hugh what are
you going well we've got to go before
before January hmm how much do you know
about what Penn he was doing I die I
know I know what a black Pharaoh's doing
to some extent but not and he was new to
perform some sort of ritual that will
bring forth a very terrible ancient evil
gone from the center of the universe
that will remake destroy this world
is that right look to you the rituals
gobbledygook he's building a massive
bomb Pena wants to rip a hole in the sky
no that's not as bad but we should still
stop him yeah we were led to believe it
was some sort of what the stars are
right no comment sir I mean that's all
part of it but the catalyst is this
crazy is this bomb he's he's got
scientists doing stuff in London making
machinery that was being shipped out
not a lot they didn't let me near it
Roger didn't know a whole lot about it
either Roger was a patsy right there
he's just using the first money Roger
Carlisle was one of the greatest men who
ever lived he gave me everything that
man saved my life multiple times and I
saved his just as many he's still alive
right yes sort of what do they do then
he lost his mind he's in a sanitarium
somewhere safe it happened in Africa
right happened in Egypt I pulled him out
in Egypt the news reports talked about
the whole Gulotta you going down to keep
Africa and then supposedly being killed
down there that's all but the
smokescreen was it I don't know what
happened in Africa but nothing good but
Roger is safe I'm trying to stay out of
this I'm trying to stay out of this but
you've got a large army and everyone
else in Shanghai wants you dead yeah I
might have stolen a book from someone I
shouldn't have stolen it from
why still a book because the let's see
here the seven it's called the seven
cryptical books of hiss and because
those damn scrolls are the key to this
whole thing those Scrolls will let me
fix the stone the capstone
yeah the capstone yeah you got half the
cop stone yeah but I can make a new one
with this with I if I get if with the we
can decipher those scrolls I've got a
guy working on it what you just gonna
you guys and I'm talking to Donald right
now so there's no cohesion we're just
gonna try and put it back together or
will that not work I think the third one
has we mended and then place back on
that pyramid in Egypt I do listen I mean
this I don't want to seem impolite but
are there just two of you know we've got
a whole team actually we're planning to
move against Penn you in the near future
I'm listening we're working on the
Beijing plans on our own one of our
members of the team was kidnapped by Ben
Hume and taken prisoner on the island
they wanted back to so much as you want
your friends back if he got taken to
that island he's dead or he's wishing he
was dead
very well but he's probably being
used as a battery for those horrible
things pin who does menu as a way of
do you know anything about pen you in
some sort of a golden headdress of eyes
how that came about pen he wore a lot of
cockamamie outfits particular one do you
remember us no I need to know where it
is well I I I don't know I'm look I
haven't seen pin whenever I don't two
times I've seen pen you in town he's
been dressed normal he only goes native
when it's for rituals and stuff