Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends and welcome to
quest and Cthulhu it is Saturday night
thank you so much for spending part of
your weekend with us we really
appreciate it
we are as always six of us in our six
undisclosed locations several of them
wood paneled one of them soon to be
painted amy was showing us paint samples
for the new studio it looked a lot like
the old studio yeah
you see the exciting stuff this is all
the shades of grey that that one writer
can handle that's a good that's a good
all the shades of grey this as Tiana
pointed out is episode 42 the answer to
life the universe and everything so I
think this will be the last episode
we're just gonna solve everything and go
home and you know eat more banana bread
that sounds good to me
but as long as we win as long yeah you
know who what is winning we have a few
quick announcements beer and we have
this week very exciting we have Monday a
new kind of mitten its carbon 21 85
mitten is it gonna be 80s movie theme
let's see what's a good 80s movie theme
for this one I want to go with ordinary
Kramer vs Kramer where we fight for the
custody of the baby and then you did
ordinary people where isn't it based on
like therapy after a suicide or
something I think somebody dies and
everybody's sad and you know it's I'm
trying to think of like the worst 80s
movies anybody have any of you ever seen
my favorite 80s movie the stuff the
stuff is a movie this is what the mitten
should be Warren write this down the
stuff is an 80s horror movie about a
dessert that takes over the world
the right stuff it's fantastic stars
yes stars weird Saturday Night Live side
character Garrett Morris
as somebody really wanted to stick it to
Famous Amos the chocolate maker
and so Garrett Morris plays chocolate
chip Charlie who is like a take that
Famous Amos it's it's the would like
in-your-face big cookie it's just a
weird weird movie rabbit hole for a
minute can we do an HR Pufnstuf could do
though oh yeah or lives Ville yes both
both both its crossover yeah I love it
and then we got to bring in Sigmund's
dragon somehow bring in your weed
cookies too so Monday carbon 21 85 it's
a mitten so it's gonna be a an 80s movie
about people fighting each other oh man
what was the Barry Bostwick one where he
had the motorcycle it was like they were
like they tried like Barry Bostwick an
action hero it was but anyway they can
tell me is we have special guests coming
to play with us that night we have Jared
and Diane from the DAT Network I said
that like I know who they are I don't
but somebody does and they're they're
really cool people and we're looking
forward to seeing what they do on the
midden it's gonna be awesome
and I don't know who else is playing in
that one do we know is I mean Tiana
Tiana and Aaron and who else plays with
me
yeah the turtle gonna is the turtle
coming back yeah with his ten-foot pole
arm yeah the space turtle now it would
be a space turtle base turtle so that
that's gonna be a big fun then we have
our normal shows Tuesday
it's the Kaos agents and then Saturday
we're back here we also have tonight we
have two giveaways to give away thanks
to our own lonely Yeti who has
apparently caught a bad bout of hoeft
disease has donated a number of Cthulhu
starter sets so tonight we are giving
away one physical copy of the
Cthulhu starter set and one PDF of the
starter set and then next week we're
doing the darn same thing so lonely Yeti
thank you so much we really appreciate
your support that is that's outstanding
so I think that's pretty much we do
should we do bits or should we hit us
with some bits okay so tomorrow are the
evil sob that he is has given five
hundred bits to Ezra not it's a
beautiful thing we might speak to your
also joined me in and Amy and some
social media a social justice work today
look at it find us on Twitter to learn
more about that all right but no nukes
for Samuel also then gave the five
hundred players of which we started with
four now we have five wait there's more
Samuel is a reference that I should
understand and I meet you like a 90s
band that I would explain it in chat
once when when someone asked her about
it it has to do it with with her cat
who's named Samuel I wouldn't give a cat
news either we already have a murder cat
around
Ezra's favorite twitch user even though
squirrel on the run is still our
favorite twitch user actually gave
fifteen hundred bits to Tom and Nick for
some of the funniest role-playing in
fact even my mother thinks you two are
hilarious
so wait that's Ruby that's the name of
next week's episode even my mother
thinks you two are hilarious I don't
know what that means entirely i whatever
your mother you'd have to tell us we're
gonna start a freudian coming up next
week a Freudian mitten it's really more
of an oven mitt but you know okay I'm
done talking outstanding thank you so
much we we always love the Baroness and
it's it's great to hear
and to even if she's supporting the
wrong people twitch user squirrel on the
run 500 bids because we cannot be
no banana bird for you disputes on I had
no idea that call of cthulhu was gonna
so deeply wound my marriage Oh bless her
heart and I don't mean that the southern
way I mean that legitimately
do bless your heart okay our new
computer
you broke gaming haven't started the
game when you broken a me besides she's
better at setting up computers than I am
doing I would just I would just make it
worse Wow so that's that was a little
bit of a bit train
that's a weird sense I got you so last
time among many things that happened we
let a you know we I wasn't involved some
of the players let a vengeance demon
kill a poor fortune teller who thought
mistakenly they were the vengeance
demons
didn't turn out what I did really enjoy
when who tell I'm just said well we've
been rebuked so yes sadly mr. lung is is
no more and you had another exciting
visit to madam Lin who gave you another
lovely present and another lovely dress
and has agreed to help you in your
assault on gray dragon island but for a
cost you know she wants you to kill ho
Fang in return which you know you so far
I believe
you said you needed to sleep on it yeah
we need to hire a murder cat is what we
need to do and the one two things that
sort of happened there that were of
importance it became clear what that I
Ching fortune was sort of referring to
when she you know when she sort of sent
you a second gift and use you came back
to her place that is you know the what
was it the the the the the wise King
uses three beaters and so she's used to
and the quarry has returned and so you
so she she mentioned that you could have
Tonto Anand ping would be able to help
out with your assault on ho Fang however
you were to to carry it out
you also reconnected with taro briefly
and you got him to agree in exactly one
week there will be a destroy there will
be a waiting to take you to a Imperial
Japanese destroyer that will head to
gray dragon island and there will be a
unit of commit of Marines that will help
you do what needs to be done so in some
ways there's kind of a ticking clock
going here for you guys and then the big
thing that happened towards the end was
we finally met brass Brady he he came
out and you guys tried to tried to
corner him and he maybe let himself be
cornered but he connected with you and
started to tell you sort of what was
going on and he mentioned that as I
looked through these pages they say SM
are the sound of the paper wrinkling
here no closer to the mic yeah I'm too
subtle from there's Brady
so he started to tell you that he was
putting together an army to go after
Aubrey Penn hue and he was working
against Penn hue and you could semi
convinced him that you were trustworthy
and wanted very similar goals and that
he was he was interested in possibly
working with you his compatriot the
leader of the the new China front seemed
a little less oh the he was a little
more guarded and you you you know you
he Brady said you can always reach him
through
mr. choo-choo men but it's gonna be hard
I love the lens flare Donald AJ Abrams
is directing this episode
let me get the ring light on my glasses
and we can load pigeons in slow motion
there we go no that's John Woo the doves
going so we're going to we're gonna sort
of zip ahead a little and we're gonna
bring everybody back together that
evening at the hotel Brady has told you
- Brady has told you that he will meet
you and give you a when you told him
that there were more than just the two
of you he said all right let's get
together let's figure this all out and
we decided we decided that you are gonna
get all of your group together and meet
at a restaurant
yeah Brady will be in the back room of a
restaurant and you guys will go there
and everything should be fine so yeah
there that so you guys do a quick
info-dump
of you know telling them about what
happened at madame Linz and telling them
that you met Brady and I don't know is
there any reason it does anybody want to
do anything before you had brunch as a
um I want to give I don't want to give
over a thousand bits but I will from JD
Matthews 85 for apparently great
character names I don't know oh nice you
know I I don't agree but okay I'm cool
Thomas what's what's things were
flashing sorry man you know this is what
went amiss plugs in the toaster and yes
he's actually making dinner right now
and I could like the powers but I didn't
think that Mike I don't think it
microwave was that powerful are you
kidding sidetracked totally sidetracked
but before we redid our house and
rewired everything if you had the TV the
microwave and all the lights on
downstairs you would blow a circuit it's
ridiculous like everything would be on
you started the microwave it really done
damn by the way back to us Ron I think
he was asking us if any of us wanted to
do anything in particular can't think of
anything in particular get all my guns
and swords guns knives I mean I I fully
intend to go fully armed to this to this
breakfast but I am also I also want to
point out that if we do end up helping
Brady we will probably have Madame Lin
as an enemy
and that if we publicly help rady but we
we get a lot use an army in addition to
that group of commandos have you noticed
that we get followed a lot so many
problems agreed is it this is a very
different stream than that Amy we don't
have that kind of spot to add to this
kind of time and neither of you are
licensed
[Laughter]
I'm like words that are appropriate for
YouTube are not coming to my mouth right
now so I we passed that Vatican a wild
with other armies coming to our aid and
other individuals are coming to our aid
really the sacrifice that we would have
to make in order to get Madame Lin's
help I don't know if it's worth it she
asked us to kill Ho Fang which I'm not
willing to do I'm a joke about it and
take light of it but I'm not really
interested in killing someone for her
and then the fact that I also don't
necessarily want to be her mistress and
beholden to her and some sort of bizarre
inappropriate relationship that I have
no interest in being in and that's
that's all perfectly okay I mean when
when you break it down we are trying to
talk her into sending troops with us to
the island to hunt down Brady if we're
now gonna be standing with Brady this is
gonna get interesting really quickly
well yeah I mean that's part of the
trick is that Madame Lynn wants Brady
because Brady has stolen something from
her yes we should probably have a chat
with him about yes yes after we stop the
end of the world can't we just return
the book that's what I'm also beginning
to think is that it's like can we string
I bet it's not really great but to
string her along long enough to be like
we will get the book but we need to use
the book to achieve I don't know not
destruction in the world first FYI of
the world's gonna end kind of need it
for a little bit but we're also making a
huge assumption that that's what the
book is for and he didn't take it for
other purposes so we're ready to find
out we need to find out what he told us
we get we can ask or is this breakfast
are we doing breakfast we're gonna do
breakfast brunch
now Brady's brunch so you can have
breakfast first you know pregame it I I
am NOT Yousef I don't need to eat that
much it's an appetizer it starts and
just get a good ZZZ that was a liquid
breakfast coffee and muffin that's not
so yeah you you are a car comes to pick
you up and a gentleman from the new
China front actually comes into the
hotel and says we have three cars pulled
up front and we're gonna put two of them
are fakes
so that we're going to spread them out
so we're gonna put a bunch of people
under coats and we're gonna put you
under coats and we're going to drive all
the cars away and make sure that we
aren't followed so yeah when you get in
the lobby there are a dozen of the new
china front people with like trench
coats over their heads the hotel
detective is very confused about how big
is the case with my guns and does that
stand out cuz I don't think I can bring
them yet it doesn't matter because I'm
wearing my bed sheet over all my clothes
so I can just put your guns in my
bedsheets okay yeah bed sheet guns
you're Sherlock Holmes cosplay I approve
so you you know you go through this and
actually you feel like you you aren't
being followed you feel like this plan
seems to have been semi-successful let's
see I'm gonna roll some
birds-of-paradise
dice right here oh I have I have two
sets of birds-of-paradise over here
maybe we can help counter lovely three
them burnished copper I think it's the
Arizona sunset now all the dice draw
from the same luck source I think you
wrote to drain his luck yeah I have a
guy in the barn owl there Percy
oh yeah everybody in the car go ahead
and make me a spot hidden again
Oh totally I got a is 826 oh wow okay
yeah if anybody got a hard yes yeah
anybody got a hard success you are sure
you're not being
followed so I'm just calm heart success
you'll see like one of the cars peels
out and like two other cars start to
follow it the first car they follow the
first car refers they don't even know
about the second hotel and the third
hotel just completely escapes them I've
even forgotten about that one that's
wise my home game players have taken to
renting apartments seems like it'd be
cheaper in the long run you're creating
it or B&amp;B and me you know they're like
can we rent your apartment for a week
we'll ridiculously overpay you I guess
sure man Alexandria showed it should
have gotten on that and and rented out
her flat in London it was called
subletting yeah do you have a hole in
the side of it though did you have to
think oh no that was in the first
universe in the second thankfully that
first universe just gone from all the
stories we've heard yeah I happen to
like my wardrobe from the first universe
it's pretty much the same wardrobe
so yeah you make it to this restaurant
and you are hustled into the banquet
room and sitting there alone as Jack
Brady he once again
you know he's standard kind of chiseled
tough guy number seven and he you know
hello I'm I'm Jack Brady yeah you're
even looking for me right at least the
ones that haven't been captured yet I'll
let them introduce themselves hi I'm
Alexandria pleasure to meet you I'm
looking for the name of the book I just
want to be like hi jack
I'm Emma and I think you stole the seven
what is it the seven oh shoot I wrote
this down I know I wrote it like there's
a hundred pages of God insanity that
we've done like just a hundred pages
yeah dumbness books of Hassan I just
found it - so what's up with the seven
books of Hossam well those scrolls are
what's telling me how to put that
capstone back together what I bring you
bring the other part of the capstone
sure isn't if we believe that behind at
this point we've gotten we've got in our
hotel rooms trash so many times yeah
everything you own on you at all times
pretty much yeah the bed sheet I look
like a tent at this point because I've
got your guns sticking out one side I
got my sword sticking on the other side
of metal makes my case I'll take my case
with my guns you don't have you have the
Mary Poppins dress it's not it's bigger
on the inside
it's bigger outside - I like that you
travel prepared but know that does that
scroll I got a guy working on
translating it it's gonna be the key to
putting to that capstone back together
what language is it in Chinese modern I
don't actually Joan I have no idea is is
there a difference between modern and
ancient Chinese so the written language
is pretty consistent okay but the spoken
language is wildly variant and mainly
regional yeah I don't have any of that
Josh
you can explain to the others the story
of start from the beginning about
Carlisle how he was tricked into doing
the well you tell the story I'm sure
they're very interested to hear well I
mean as far as I can tell and I think
you all know this we're in a lot of
trouble the more I learn about this
situation the worse it is mmm when I
spilled the beans to that Jackson Elias
character I was hoping he was gonna tell
somebody write the book and you know rip
the tear the lid off this story and try
and get some publicity for it but well I
guess that didn't end so well for him
sorry for your loss of your friend but
you know that just goes to show you this
this cult is playing for keeps
so look from the start I knew that
Rogers little witch was a problem she
was as tough as they come and she she
had him around his little her little
finger he must have known she was
trouble too because the more he saw her
the more crazy he got and the more bad
dreams he had there I thought it was
great when he wanted to go to Egypt
that'd be the end of her and get her out
of the way and we could what things
would go back to normal between us I
liked the guy and I owed him a lot well
it seemed like that would work out the
tripped over to London was a lot of fun
but once we got there Roger
hooked up with that crackpot Penn Hugh
and they pretty much spent every waking
moment going over some junk that Warren
besser got them from Egypt there was
this black head and shoulder statue that
Roger would stare at for hours and there
was a map that he'd study in you know
he'd he looked at that map like a normal
guy would look at a beautiful Dame yeah
there were parties and trips but mostly
it was all about that damn map once we
got to Cairo Roger started having the
bad dreams again and he started yeah
on about meeting a god and crap like
that but well it wasn't drinking and the
girl wasn't around and you know everyone
started to act even nuttier than Roger
was and I said to myself this is not is
not gonna go well from mrs. Brady's baby
boy and then Roger really went off the
deep end and started telling me that we
could meet this God as soon as as soon
as we destroyed the eye and opened the
path that idiot Houston should have
talked Roger down but he just encouraged
him so the first night that we were up
the Nile at dahshur Roger snuck out and
climbed up the Red Pyramid any you guys
ever climbed up a pyramid it's not fun
there's nothing the Roger jumps up that
thing like a monkey never looked back
never hesitated proved to me that he was
off his rocker
he didn't care but I followed him I mean
I was crazy too for about two-thirds of
the way
pyramids rocky easy climbing then it
gets smooth Roger just dances up this
thing gets to the top I'm slowed down
all of a sudden I hear weird singing and
there's an explosion and the top of the
thing and Roger is wearing some sort of
crazy robe at the top and saying things
that I don't understand and he he says
that he's done it he's he was euphoric
and there's I didn't want just stayed
there laying there and he says the eye
is gone jack now there can now we can be
gods
and I don't want to be a god well that
was just Roger talk you know but beside
him there was a big patch ripped out of
the stone and it looked fresh when I
went back the next day the patch had
been filled in as though the pyramid had
repaired itself but near the base I
found I tried a piece a rock which
looked like it had been in that patch
originally and it had this sign on it
and he pulls out the other half of the
cat Joan
you have the capstone with you is that
you can hold that up to the camera and
let us see slithy Toves cool work if
you've got it
or is that still at the studio I think
it might still be at the studio what is
it I was was acting maybe I can find it
a break yeah I just wanted to give
slightly to another shout out for his
cool props there's but he pulls out the
other half of the of the capstone and it
is clearly you know it has the rest of
the symbol that you saw and we hold them
up and have a little bit of a is there
like energy no there is nothing like
when you put them together the
interesting well so you've got the
other half well that's what that it's
the scroll is for the scroll we can
either make a new one or we can repair
this one and we got a you know we got to
use these to seal the areas that are
gonna be part of this cult this ritual
do we think it'd be better to to to put
this together since this was already
made or make a new one
seems like putting this together would
be a good thing it would kind of be a
symbol of shutting it back together and
probably take it a bit take less energy
then a full new one at a time yeah I
don't I don't know about all that stuff
we can see what what Moo says when we
see when he's done translating but do
you trust this Moo character oh yeah
yeah he's he's he's one of the people
who kept me safe here in Shanghai when I
got here him so two days later after
that jaunt up the pyramid the whole gang
Roger pen Hugh Houston and Patti they
all gave me the slip and they
disappeared into the bent pyramid then
the messenger boys went in to find them
and they ran out saying that the pyramid
and eaten them well bingo that gets rid
of all our workers they flee they run in
all directions the whole digs deserted
in five minutes the own
person left in the whole area was me
well I damn sure went in I'm not letting
Roger I'm not gonna lose Roger I
couldn't find anybody inside
I waited most of a day now they all come
out together Roger says they'd been to
Egypt to the real Egypt and that was
about the most sensible thing he said
penny looked like he'd lost about five
years every time I saw him after that he
looked younger every time Patti well
Patti didn't look so good Patti and
Houston both seemed somehow changed
Patti kept throwing up nobody would
explain where'd they been and nobody
cared that from that day on it was hard
to hire workers after that when I'd wake
up in the night the rest of the gang
would be talking creepy lingo like I'd
never heard before then one evening
Roger said he was going to show me the
power of what they'd learned we went out
into the desert with a passel of Arabs
everybody started screaming weird words
and songs and pin you beat that drum
they got from the jar and that's when
things started coming out of the ground
and I'm not afraid to tell you that's
when old Brady started to lose it I they
the things that came out of the ground
started started tearing up all the Arabs
around him and Roger and Penn Hugh and
Houston and Patti they just laughed they
thought it was funny I well it was at
that point that I passed out when I woke
up Roger was telling me that I had to
change my attitude and get out get with
the team or else and I didn't sound like
the Roger I know the Roger I knew that's
what I decided I had to get him away
from those crackpots
so I drugged him I smuggled him to Cairo
I stole Roger and the cashbox it was his
money after all
we made it to Mombasa from Mombasa
we took a steamer and we we made it
finally to Shanghai well I made it to
Shanghai I dropped roger off when we got
into Hong Kong he just he lost it he
stopped being human he lost his mind and
so I left him in a an asylum in in Hong
I was in Shanghai when I was in the
Marines so I I know some people here and
I was able to I was able to lie low for
a while and you know get everything
taken care of and I thought that well I
thought that Elias character was gonna
get the word out and I thought I'd never
see any of those damned expedition any
of the gang again and then one day I saw
penny hue on the dock of his yacht and I
knew then that I had to kill him so what
do you say you want to help me kill Bob
reap in you I'm in speaking of that in
about six days we have a Japanese
destroyer with some commandos that are
going to be picking us up to take yeah
we were yeah we were gonna go after him
six days is fast six days is very fast
yeah Jack I hate to tell you this but
our friend Jackson Brad Jackson reading
oh my god Jackson Elias I'm sorry but
our friend Jax Elias was not able to get
the word out because he was killed in
New York once he returned pretty quick
after him yeah
and in fact given the task of picking up
after on the trail of Jackson Alliance
which brought us here I see
well I'm sorry that you have to be
involved in this look I'm gonna be
honest with you I'm not sure we can
new China front is there the
revolutionaries fighting the Chinese in
all of the provinces the the fighting
the Japanese and all the provinces that
the Japanese have taken over but they
understand that this is a potential
world ending event it's a little hard to
fight over chunks of land when the world
isn't there anymore I mean I think it
comes down to who's gonna be the first
person to stop shooting at each other to
shoot at the bigger threat what about a
two-pronged approach what's wrong yeah
come at it from opposite sides they
don't have to know about each other
necessarily as long as we're in control
that could turn messy really quickly
especially if they meet in the center of
the island yeah and if we're in the
middle look if they meet at the center
of the island we've already done
everything we need to do if we've got
two armies on grey dragon island that
are shooting at the things we want
shooting at I don't care if they start
shooting at each other after that as
long as pinky was dead Penn Yu is a
tough nut to crack
we've run across him a couple of times
at this point and we may have been
successful in slowing him down a little
bit via some of the weird things but
he's still he's still a difficult
difficult person to hit just hit at all
we shot at him and you could we couldn't
get a bullet through have you had any
success taking on Penn you know I I
tried to shoot him with a rifle from
three buildings away and bullets aren't
gonna work on Penn you that's why we got
Hassan working on this thing we're gonna
have to that's that's the real problem
is I'm not sure Hassan's gonna be done
in six days
what's it working on he's translating
those Scrolls how will that help us
fighting
yeah yeah if we're able to if we're able
to bring down some of the supernatural
protections that he has around him that
may be helpful
yeah those Capstone's they'll seal off
the so the ritual is taking place in
three places mm-hmm there's a place in
Australia there's a in the pyramid when
I was in there there was this triangle
and I just look at em oh and when you
overlay it you can see exactly where the
three spaces are yeah there's one Island
yeah Kenya and there's one in Australia
and if we can knock out one of them that
sets them back if we knock out all three
we just might have a chance
and we want to contact taro again and
have him delay let's hold off he's got a
destroyer a rather useful weapon a
destroyer is a fantastic weapon but if
someone can't be affected by bullets
what good is it going to be till now
look who raised the island to the ground
Pena's got a lot of people around him
that can be very affected by bullets
fair what what's he working on the
island the goddamn bomb and does he does
he have petit in Houston with them you
said that they were part of they were
under his influence if you will I
haven't seen him they might be at the
other locations but we've got to disrupt
this location we just have to if we can
get that capstone in there we seal this
location this location we don't want to
try and seal it up back in Egypt or is
it too late is that closing the barn
door after the horse is out I mean
Egypt's not on the not on that
triangle it's true Joe John you know
something about sealing locations with
those elder signs right yeah well it's
so fun oh and I have done done some work
with that being able to create signs
that we can protect things
with be able to seal things up we're a
little lower on power than we were but
what do you think Silvano Pavano is not
here anymore right I keep thinking he's
here oh my brain my brain is a friend of
ours he's in here
silvano is a friend of ours that has
been taken by Penny oh he left us and I
pull out I pull out the finger and set
it on the table and just like take a
hand off of it to let it pinwheel he'll
I think some guy's finger
this is Silvano's finger and it's been
keyed through the weird stuff to point
to him we assume that it points at the
island I pick it back up and wrap it and
stick it back in my pocket all right I'm
gonna have to figure out yeah what don't
we have somebody in that at the library
that can help out but we also mr. brandy
I haven't I have an assistant his name
is Lee his name is lee hwon chen could
we perhaps provide him as an assistant
to mr. mu for your translation he is
both fluent in I'm hoping I'm saying
Mandarin and English Cantonese in
English which one is he here would be
Shanghai use but written China is pretty
standard across all of that it's it's
the spoken that is different well I mean
yeah he could probably help mu help him
yeah so somebody let's say Julie Romeo
Romeo da da one st. that's not a normal
wonder role no I got it - all right so
it's probably gonna take about a week
for mu to translate this thing maybe if
your friend helps we can knock that down
a little
that'd be awesome might might be able to
knock it down enough to catch that
destroyer if we can knock it down to
five days from a week yeah it's possible
yeah I mean so here's the thing that I
don't like saying the name that word
that starts with in the guy who took
Roger from me he he can break those
stones but he has to use a person to do
it
I'm person he can't tell where they are
that person has to find them themselves
and so if we start redoing these cap
stones and sealing this stuff off we
still have to dig you know that's that's
why that destroyer comes in handy we got
to make sure that anybody that's on that
island that thinks pin Hugh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doesn't
stink gets the hell blown out of them we
did this too soon few months later one
of his minions can just undo it all and
that's one of my one of my concerns
although if we can then bounce to to the
two other locations and seal them off he
won't have anyone to reach through him
he has a Sara Lee I mean I was gonna say
so if we have one stone we would need to
make the other two okay who believes
that this this ritual can be used to
either make it or repair it now repair
would be good I'm not gonna lie
moves also pretty sure that there's some
blood involved in this ritual and we all
just sort of shrug nonchalantly like yep
you guys talking about we've heard this
before been there done it blood magic is
apparently some of the most powerful I
try to stay clear personally
my soul is fine we have the world in the
balance and we have some blood in the
balance oh I'll do it I just I I just I
just want to avoid having parts of my
soul drained away like Savano dead
agreed I'm just really scared of anybody
that says my soul is fine that's that's
that's probably the appropriate response
yes mr. Brodie what have you done to
stop pen view so you've only attacked
him once
what what other what other methods and
means have you gone after him building a
goddamn army got a hundred guys in a
warehouse learning how to fight all
right how are they doing your mere
Marine how are they as far as the
training well you know I mean honestly
I'm not as worried about their fighting
as I am about about Chu and his
political stuff you know I'm making I'm
training an army to kill Penn you he's
training an army to take over China and
he's giving you a hundred soldiers yep
and a tank nice job in total in Shanghai
he's probably got 500 or 600 okay
he's building a I mean look I don't know
if you know this but China is pretty big
and he's got guys all over it
well and and if they can fight
effectively in guerrilla warfare five or
six hundred goes a very long way that's
true well the Japanese are a long way
away from Shanghai and and min plans to
so what's our next step we get your
assistant here or wherever it needs to
be yeah I can send for Li wen all right
do we need a help secure transportation
to get your troops to the island we've
got some fishing boats set up usually
what we do is I have a fishing boat that
goes around the island once a week
basically trying to figure out when
Pena's coming back to gather
intelligence on the island then can you
give us some sort of diagram details
information about allowance what we
don't really have a diagram nobody's
it's it's a volcanic island there's some
sort of volcano in the middle of it
mostly sandy beach there's no no
buildings that the boat has ever seen oh
I wonder where they're keeping Silvano
on that mm-hmm oh you got a nice little
compass there absolutely lovely
and I I beg to differ and I actually
so everybody who has worn the headdress
and I think we're down to two now make
me a pal roll - oh nice I'm all about
and I got a 50 so see me yeah all right
so yeah so yeah Brady is you know Brady
will give you a little bit that he knows
about the island there's not a lot in
the way of docks like just I mean a
destroyer probably won't be able to like
dock there so it's mainly gonna be
offshore bombardment and you know
transport for Marines the fishing boats
for the new the new China front are
gonna be you know that's gonna be harder
to coordinate because there's going to
be
the destroyers one boat carrying a
hundred soldiers this is gonna be 20
votes carrying a hundred soldiers so
you know my plan was twofold
kill penny hue and get that ritual done
to seal that island step3
prophet I don't think there's any profit
in this and the world surviving is good
enough that's good here's here's my
question well one of my questions you
said that he's working on a bomb on that
island do you know is does he have some
sort of a bunker underground that he's
working on it or if we start bombarding
that island are we going to blow up
whatever he's been working on which
could be very interesting especially if
it's green and glowing I was very
specific
the dark misters has some interesting
secrets to the island
well one of the we have a we have a
small cargo trawler that can hopefully
get up close enough to drop the tank
it's gonna be in the cargo hold oh if
you wait for the bombardment probably
won't you won't probably won't be
focused on probably be looking somewhere
else yeah to go back to the bunker
thing I mean there's got to be
underground something there because
there are no buildings on the island
when the fishing boats that go around
there don't see any structures and how
is he supplying the island just beside
is it in just the dark mistress
yeah pink hue comes into town every once
in a while loads up on stuff and takes
it back mm-hmm the dark not very rarely
hope fangs yacht will also head out
there mainly that's when there are gonna
be rituals there and so ho Fang is
connected to Penny oh what's his role in
all this whole Fang is the before pen
you got here he was the he was the the
china head of this not a cult
with a guy whose name I don't say who we
want to go after a whole thing now yeah
mr. barrini have you thought about I
don't know I'm shaking down ho Fang in
his operation in order to mix things up
thought about killing him it's not not
well two men men will go for it why cuz
how Fang may be a bastard but he's a
Chinese bastard and he's afraid that in
the power vacuum the Japanese will take
over what else you might want to take
over yeah yeah oh no no I'm not going
near that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what did she do to you
no what did I do to her i stoled that's
where I got the book yeah we know what
if perhaps got guerillas yes she does
how did you get them out I ran like hell
the Garos are very fast how did you hum
them like hell mrs. Brady's baby boy
perhaps killing her we will get leniency
from letting for you we can work
something out or maybe get the books
back to her when you're done translating
mm-hmm yeah once we have it then we
don't need the boots in your arms be
back on good terms
yeah I mean it just seems like that's
gonna take time we don't got Oh No thank
for you that shouldn't take us more than
an evening at 2:00 yeah we've just
glanced at Donnell we're sitting around
with idle hands devil's plaything they
say well alright I mean it's gonna I I
just don't know what mins gonna think
about this hmm
well whole thing will be something that
we do independently perhaps nothing I'm
just worried that if if the situation
you
then the triumvirate that currently kind
mins gonna like mins gonna might need
those men to change the power structure
here is he one corner of the triumph
three sides you got home Aang you got
madam Lin you got you got min and then
the Japanese are trying to become the
Japanese are trying to make it a square
would would he be more amenable to
working with with madam Lin I think his
connection to me has burned that bridge
we might but but but if we're able to
reform the the bridge by returning the
books when the translation is done and
doing some sweet talk I glanced at mmm
and the fact that she would gain
something far more far greater and
control of all business in Shanghai by
your hands and with your help mr. Brady
I'm sure she's a reasonable woman and
willing to let let bygones be bygones if
she get sufficient reward from it I just
want to watch ami try and raise an
eyebrow that was fun that was good that
was good eyebrow raised there hey hyung
I need some assistance here I have
legitimately practiced it I can only get
this eyebrow to do it either to do
anything I want them do it I look crazy
if I do it the other side I used to I
don't like the crazy one better we're
sort of a sad theater kid when I was in
high school I would sit in the bathroom
and go in the mirror and just like that
yeah duh I did and the same reason the
theater kid shocking I didn't get a lot
of dates in high school okay no nukes
from Samuel gave the players 1,000 bits
awhile back since we're on a yeah
eyebrow sign bar are we giving any
eyebrow bits now no notes for Samuel
Noah no nudes for penny heels yeah there
we go
No
yes so you're just gonna go kill ho Fang
hopefully it goes that will be it'd be
nice if it were that easy use some
assistance mr. Brady I mean with your
support that might pave the way for a
kid for a reunion with you and madam Lin
that would be amical to both parties and
and if and if men and men Madame Lin are
able to work together I imagine it'll be
significantly easier to keep the
Japanese out if mid knows that I helped
take out one side of the triumvirate
it's gonna destabilize my relationships
with him that makes sense and more
importantly those hundred men in a tank
so then we would need to go to madam Lin
and negotiate this without your
knowledge
well I mean when the book when we're
done with the book you can give it back
to her originals to her we keep the
translations just out of curiosity mr.
Brady how did you become aware that
well me and Madame Lin have a little
history did you never
you know I've I've asked her for a favor
now and then and let's just say she
can't resist mrs. Brady's baby boys baby
blues mo you should pass him one of the
dresses let's tattoo I just sent him the
statue tomorrow look here madam one
and you know I've I've maintained a
transactional relationship with madam
Lin for some time and when I found out
that she had those Scrolls she had no
idea they're just sitting on a table in
her study did she really not know the
value of the things that she has does
she really just get them to spite ho
Fang she just wants to spite anybody
really that's what it sounds like it's
what it sounds like yeah cuz these are
this is epic
I mean spite is a powerful motivator she
just you know she again all you have to
do is tell her you want something and
she wants it a little more than you hmm
and the problem is she's a little richer
than you for a lot of and she may not
know what the hell it is but if you try
and take it from her she doesn't care
what it is she's gonna hold onto it and
send goddamn guerrillas after you though
was before you nicked the books from
from Madame Lin where she and men on
reasonable terms did they work together
at all or I mean look the whole point of
a triumvirate is that they're all
working together and working against
each other at the same time everybody in
a triumvirate thinks they're number one
nobody thinks they're number three and
so there's a constant shifting who's
and if you can take away one at one of
those one of the legs of the stool it
gets a little unbalanced everything gets
destabilized exactly the good news is
when the three when the three of them
fight nobody wins if two of them are
fighting somebody's gonna win that said
hobo Fang is the leader of the the cult
of the black Pharaoh here or whatever
its equivalent is here what is the
bloated lady here hello to the bloated
woman the cult or the bloated woman yes
the b-word what do we know about her
she's one of the she's one of the
aspects of the gentleman with the eight
with the N name I mean she's a goddamn
boogeyman close enough oh it's like
guess I guess it depends on what our end
goal here here is are we aiming after ho
Fang knowing a that he's a cult leader
and we have a history with those yes you
had me a cult leader well then in that
case do we tell Madame Linda and what do
we tell Madame Lin about Brady or do we
not until we can give her back the books
I think we need to go back to Madeline
and negotiate some conditions for taking
a whole thing like because if we're
gonna get this army the region needs to
stay stable and she needs to work out
some sort of arrangement with Brady and
sorry men not remembering men yeah so
remember that Madame Lin like her basic
offer was kill Ho Fang and I will help
you in your assault on the island yep um
you didn't tell I mean you didn't know
about the destroyer or you know now the
new new China front and
I knew about I knew about Donnell and I
were the ones who went and talked to him
about that
yeah all right let me rephrase that you
didn't tell her sheriff all right and so
you know now you've got like a family
ties prom thing where everyone you have
to wear a different flower every time
when you talk to the different people so
Brady tells you that you know he's gonna
he's getting out of here but again you
can always contact him through men at
the warehouse and that there will be
people there day and night the training
that is going on there happens day and
night all right stay safe yes yeah I
guess let me know how it goes with whole
thing yes all right so we should take
our leave and see if we can I I think I
think the two things that we need to do
are get ahold of Emma's assistant and
hook him up with the translation team as
I have thoughts look at the the
information of the other translators we
can send assistant boy off off to him
off to them yes I'm I'm curious about
your thoughts on this yes now that we're
clear we share really Brady couldn't
just like obviously his mrs. Brady's
son's blue eyes obviously didn't do it
cuz I'm getting gifts galore and he
didn't get squat well he's out of the
picture now and I mean and you're
forgetting two things first of all you
are far prettier than Brady is prettier
nowhere near as lovely as you
disappearance is Brady a 70 everybody
make me a psychology role and also bring
like you got a oh Jesus
do you have talk one hundo no oh oh
what does Emma think all kinds of dumb
okay so that's an Emma drink so yeah you
have two thoughts simultaneously one of
us first of all that's real tough for
Emma here first you are positive from
the way that Brady talked especially the
way that Brady talked about Carlisle that
Brady is gay yeah okay and you are also
you are also in a weird only Emma can do
this way super jealous that a gay man
was you know was making more with Madame
Lin than you were okay
oh my goodness anyway so that that's
first second you know how to do two
Palomas and diplomacy and who are you
what's that harm your deep it's on the
sheet
oh that skills called boobs oh there is
a skill there mo was resisting her
charms where I was Brady was not oh you
were playing at a collector yes they
want to collect and once they've
collected it yeah nice
having is not so good a thing as wanting
mmm but also why can't greedy go out and
borrow us people when I see that what
you know I mean I just I'm very
disappointed in the fact that we still
have to kill Ho Fang I understand now
that he's a cultist
and I feel very much better about
eliminating him but I'm still not crazy
about you know having to kill a human
person you want to stay home kinda okay
hi that's fine it's fine you can stay
home yeah library work to do or
something no it's fine
no no here's an orchard make you do it
I'm good with that
here's here's the thing at least from
Alexandria's perspective it's like
you're not a killer that's okay you
don't need to be there are killers on
this team
that's fine light stuff on fire but that
doesn't mean I intentionally kill people
no no tells you to feel like there
should be air quotes around accidentally
I guess the purposeful kind of
accidentally you know I'm just waiting
for the next hotel fire to take out
those dresses from highly possible
actually I think I should send those to
yeah I'm bringing my case of guns with
me everywhere I go the more I listen to
you the bedsheet is an amazing disguise
you should just I kept one of the trench
coats right hell yeah we got free trench
coats you you boys in your oversized
guns no idea whole thing having a
morning ritual where he always goes to
some restaurant or some whatever it is
tea or something
what Oh Emma will be perfect for burning
that down okay
all right no let's snipey snipey uh
Donald actually you remember that that
was what you that was what taro told you
about about moochin that he has the
regular
a schedule where he goes and gets tea
and that sort of thing and mu is the
translator no moves the head of the new
China front ah sorry I'm like wait no
names names me I should write these down
I don't even know yeah I've lost I've
lost all my notes I can't keep track of
the people so mins they headed to China
front
win-win
what you mean I thought it was good it
is two men is the head of the new China
front oh there's no ancient it nope
si-hu
am i am okay and then and mu is the
translator that I'm sending what's his
name Lee when Lee done - and everybody
that went to the library figures that
could be mu Shen who was the guys who
was the person on the list of scholars
that you were supposed to talk to
it wasn't the madam Lin so we slowed
down his progress when we were there is
what you're saying I don't think you've
gone to him yet I haven't but a previous
character of mine oh right yeah the
so it's you know what is it now it's the
afternoon of April 26 are we going are
we going to Madeleine to talk about I
don't think that we need to necessarily
discuss it unless we want to borrow the
gorillas well no so if we go and we kill
him
we're going to be out a Liberation Army
unless she's willing yeah that's what
Brady just told us it's just if he's
involved well but
but he's not sure what the impact would
be if PO Fang dies and the new China
front is like hey we can take over now
yeah there's no that does bring up a
good point though you do bring up a
great point because now it could be a
struggle between new China front and
madam Lin yeah and now we're asking two
warring parties to oh this is terrible
do we take those two warring parties and
pit them against you no no we don't want
it we don't want to pit them against
each other we need to go to her and say
look if we take him out it's it has come
to our understanding that there is going
to be potential conflict we could be out
valuable resources for the mission that
we're doing and so you have to play nice
both with both with Zhu min and you have
to like let your deal with brady go and
we'll be able to get you the scrolls
back the only way that we can do it
without compromising having a Liberation
Army taking a half of the island with
tank my second favorite twitch user is
added again Wow
gifted five subscriptions thank you so
much the hell's Rachel every time from
kneeling that whoa banana bread isn't
that chocolate chocolate banana bread is
pretty great yeah I'm subscriptions
but you know ooh
so here's the question we will have the
Chinese Liberation Front and the
Japanese destroyer and as long as you
know they don't know about each other
do we need madam Lim at each other no
but I mean it sounds like you guys did
have an arrangement with her not
officially quite yet but yeah I still
feel that we should return the book to
her that someone I think is property and
I think we should tell her about that we
we have contact with Brady and we can
get the book back we do want to kill a
cult leader is the other thing we did so
want to kill a cult leader
well it's cult leaders that are at that
island the better is my see nothing on
the island to burn trees oh well okay
underground we don't know what's under
beret here's here's a problem with that
Flint we've dealt with you a couple cult
leaders it always hurts a lot
we've managed we've survived each time
but dear gods you didn't have enough
high-powered rifles at the time we did
no Silvana was real good with that
high-powered rifle shockingly so four of
them for a man of the books not a lot of
explosives have been tried not nope
that's out cold sorry too meta this
[Laughter]
running it yeah I also meta and agree in
a meta world yes yeah we don't we don't
need a orient-express
situation oh I know I was just looking
to see how I would be able to use
explosives cuz no Ezra wouldn't yeah you
blow yourself up that's how you use them
yeah and yeah when you're doing lots of
excavations yeah you we don't want to
blow up any of the cool things that we
might find either so well and come it
coming coming back around to the problem
of the island always there for fire or
explosives man a man after my own heart
could be in the drinking game like if
a fireball to do that I'll stick to
water but but but but on the question of
potentially blowing up the entirety of
that Island a Silvano's there be there
making progress on whatever kind of bomb
they're working on and I don't we don't
know how far along they are they might
be using some of that green nest
stuff that was in the dark mistress that
made me feel like garbage that whatever
whatever was in there made their boat go
very fast I could see it being a
powerful accelerant or whatever so if we
blow up you know the entirety of the
island do we punch a hole in the sky
early well I think we're just taking
leveling the surface of the island so
there's no surprises as we look for the
bunker that's my Linh did you write did
you write to Rogers have you I sent him
a quick update last time but memory
escapes me there's definitely more
information that I have I need a
battalion stop send soon stop thanks bro
Thanks stop I don't think we're gonna
get in at a battalion within six days
that yeah okay but so what happens if we
just push six days for him we borrow a
destroyer for an extended amount of time
I don't I mean if we can push it back in
tune to us get him picked up in two
weeks but it sounds taro was was making
it sound like we were on a bit of a
deadline - yeah yeah I mean we've
already asked him to set this up and
then telling him like actually now could
you I can just bring up our chances of
getting anything in the future
especially if he finds out that it's
because we're working with members of
the Chinese little hmm is it terrible to
Sentaro first find a friend to weekend I
mean here's my problem here's my third
problem with Brady besides the fact that
he couldn't charm Scrolls out of
Medellin
number two he's only got a hundred men
and won't give us anybody to kill ho
Fang and I drew better to tank oh okay
I'm sorry it's like saying I have a
hundred men in a bear you know I've got
two gorillas and a crazy rich lady so it
[Laughter]
but she's letting you take the gorillas
to the island she's letting you're
taking the girls to the island is that
what happened
sort of a round-trip situation like kill
Ho Fang we're gonna stop by the island
on the way home for some ice cream or
whatever oh yeah
anyway where was I
what was my number three oh because he
hasn't been doing like I didn't hear
much about reconnaissance or much about
like any sort of like let's poke at home
Fang or let's weak in their defenses or
let's stop the black mistress from
making as they do regularly like that's
how we know that whole thing is a cult
leader and that there's no structures on
the island on the surface okay so
there's been some reconnaissance as much
as they could without being so but I
suspect Pena knows is fully I know that
full you know I don't know but like I
would suspect the Pena was fully aware
that he's here and that why not keep
poking you know why not keep hoping for
poking the Badger until like you know I
mean just keep plucking one off the vine
if you will don't what happened with you
guys rank all the time what happened
when what when you guys faced thank you
why aren't you out why aren't you up
pokin pin you basically poked him yeah
we poked him hard it was entertaining
I've heard you I've heard you talking
passing about what are the stone lions
that rampage through the city what else
that wasn't that was the second time we
poked him
the first time we poked him he he came
in on a flying snake giant space Cobra
so I'm not gonna fault Brady for okay
again so he can't take on like concrete
lions or a giant space Cobra he'd be
fair he'll grazie
we ran rather than deal with it so we
have no room to throw to throw stones
I feel like I would have trouble with
both of those things call the kettle
black on this one out of character says
as you do what is that I don't
understand yeah I'm gonna pull out pull
out one at one of my
seemingly from nowhere trolled around
put it away and say not much good
against stone space Cobras little more
so but not so good against stone the
Japanese are I mean they're not part of
this triangle correct not part of the
power structure yeah yet there's no
think it goes forward the 100 commandos
the destroyer that's successful
fantastic but if not we get the hell off
that Island and then we go to plan B and
look Brady's folks will the next into
the meat grinder I think we should
coordinate between the two and I think
taking out a cult leader before we salt
the island especially if that cult
leader has horrible powers before anyone
tries to assault that Island is a good
thing we just have to be somewhat
tactful it seems business dress up like
him and take his place
who here's good at disguise and speaks
Mandarin Cantonese no Cantonese but if
the Japanese take out how Fang then none
of us are to blame
does it matter remember whole thing gets
taken out then shoe men will reallocate
yeah and so about Hamlet and now it
becomes a duo as opposed to a tryin
triangle so we need to get them to play
nice for at least a week if we just a
week if we kill him then everything can
go to hell afterwards yeah well well
well well we'll come in do they do the
American thing of kicking the the legs
out from under the stool then walk away
that sounds like a great I can't throw
stones I'm British holy freedom oh yeah
your freedom this I'll go yeah there
there you go go IIIi can't I can't throw
Duchess in charge sorry I
to say keep thinking she's gonna note
this is gonna be just a bloated woman on
please please make her the captain of
the destroyer please not the captain but
know somebody I think I like the attache
ok the Admiral I'm so sorry
hmm I mean I I mean our favorite twitch
user agrees with us every boat its
cannon I mean she knows swordsmanship so
it's not too much for stretch after that
she did she did beat me so you know she
must be of a fine must be must be so I'm
sorry
going to talk to you're just gonna
spring into action
well should we do some reconnaissance of
the whole Fang to begin with just in
general just to see what we're up
against to see if we should even take
the job because we say yeah we're gonna
do this like it's a gang I mean he might
have a space Cobra - for all I know
oh he mean he's since he's the head
leader of one of the triangle yeah he's
gonna have a lot he's the cult leader in
China yeah or you know he'll for
Shanghai yeah or you know he'll he'll
turn out to have lava blood or a hill
ride and you know dragon thing like no
more no no giving him any ideas just no
more I don't need to give them ideas he
can't but those about me yeah I don't
know I think talking to Madame Lin first
to get this hammered out because
otherwise any surveillance on him is
just risking our safety for no good
reason right that's a practical thing we
don't that request that Lin perhaps
asked him to meet her at some secret
location outside the city
there's only one way to get to and on
the world
she was explicit about saying that she
could have no involvement which I also
find interesting because she said she
would borrow me her guerrillas but
somehow not have involvement when
everybody knows she's got guerrillas
yeah you were told to use them
discreetly guerrilla exactly two tons of
blank he has a very inflated opinion of
Emma we should borrow that tank while
we're at it and use it discreetly and
maybe the two of them have some sort of
prearranged schedule or she knows his
schedule yeah yeah either way I think it
needs to get hammered out with madam
Lynne before we do any reconnaissance
any space movers what what what are
we asking for so we're asking her for
cuz I don't know if I necessarily want
to go see her cuz i just i'm i ate too
much like bread at lunch and I can't fit
into the dress so the like oh you got a
perch okay oh whoa that got personal
their question chaos does not support
perhaps Emma can send her assistants or
associates or something - so we're
requesting if we know how fangs schedule
perhaps is what we're asking for for her
- if we're gonna do this that she has to
play nice with two men okay she has to
grant leniency to Brady if we can get
the books back those books back in a
later date to her yeah yeah yeah that we
believe just yeah we're confident play
nice with two men what is exactly does
that mean that just means in order to
attack the island to seek are no civil
or no civil war in China none of them
till you order in of course they can all
kill each other for all I care whatever
but the big question is we might be able
to hammer that
agreement with Madame Lin but can we get
two men to agree not attack her on the
other side and then her having to
retaliate that is a problem with taking
out one of the legs of a three-legged
stool yeah I was would say if I write
that request then that request needs to
go back to brainy as well as our as our
Brady can't have any involvement because
then men will turn on Brady he'll lose
his support delicate situation it's a
delicate situation and we're the ones
thrown into the middle of it we need a
dinner party I mean the whole thing is
gonna die at some point it just might be
on the island or it could be earlier
it's to our benefit for it to be earlier
and we might just need to take him out
yeah this is a murder mystery dinner
party that seems like a lot of setup it
does but real okay never Munt get game
night and we're back in Salt Marsh oh my
so I mean we're going around in circles
and there doesn't seem to be a good
answer don't have any I don't have any
points in conspiracy sorry guys murder
whole Fang Joe Emma make me pal rolls
huh does my head ache am I I just
make it by two points but I made it
43 everything's fine hopefully pen Hugh
isn't listening in on all of this mm-hmm
stay completely out of character
speaking of which where is what what
what happened in the headdress it's in
somebody's head Sylvanas Solano okay
whatever's left of Silvano yeah don't
say it like that
yeah so are some of us gonna go do
surveillance now are we are we giving up
on any sort of tactful resolution I know
we can't we have to be I should be
episode entitled give up one that's a
big disclaimer what do you mean a title
just all the time underneath like well
we tried to think of something tactful
and we got tired of that I can like
here's the thing I don't know if I
necessarily want to mention the fact
that please play nice with two men
because that tips our hand yeah
and that we're in dealings with two men
or potentially sudo side dealings with
Brady slash two men I would rather send
some information just saying that we
under in fact what what I want to say
because essentially
that killing whole thing will
destabilize this region we would like
that to not happen as it is not in our
best interest mm-hmm yeah like an
answering machine sir or madam but in
doing so killing ho Fang does forward
art my goal as well as potentially
hopefully your go as your goal and that
as a bonus we will our goal be able to
once our goals are complete by killing
of pen he'll be able to return your
scrolls so I feel like a good note
without all that having to say killing
and people's names yes like cremate you
no no I like it I like it they no longer
participation within this mortal coil oh
I could just write this for me I know
I couldn't see I mean good job but I
could help I could help write some of
these things because this is some of the
kinds of things I have to write when we
were trying to get things out of Egypt
yeah I couldn't okay yeah that sounds
feasible to everybody that that would be
the letter that I would send and this is
just going to Madame Lin right correct
and puts them for a few minutes
just be like and then wave it across who
are you asking her for anything are we
I don't just just be her they're just
playing nice one yes thank you
yes that's all that's all we need
I mean do we want gorillas I mean does
anyone here know how to use gorillas
discreet I can't even understand that I
feel like that's a training course that
I need to go to her house for I just I
feel like that's not something to be
like send gorillas now please because I
will ride on the back of a gorilla with
a rifle charging it I'll do that if I
have to for the team you can make you
you can be the distraction I'll go in a
window with a cowboy hat on there's an
American flag on your shirt somewhere
yeah it would be awesome oh gods above
you are painfully a little test
yeah painfully American we love our Wild
West Show yeah we actually play wild
most consumer that should be a thing
that happens it's something that I mean
that would be a great distraction kind
of the Wild West Show it really is it's
okay I can figure out how to do that but
Ezra will have to give me an instant
skill check in a distraction skill it
sounds like a new skill for me animal
handling that on the mmm look and see
don't we know a circus performer no
charm yeah she's often well okay one of
our team members knows to our team
members know her yes she showed up not
too long ago so it looks like we are
starting the first giveaway which is
also Thomas's clever way of saying we
could probably take a break yeah yeah
so hashtag chaos will get you entered to
win either a physical or a PDF I guess
your choice
I don't know Thomas what is it I can't
hear you through the door nope we're
doing both we're doing both
simultaneously so it was back live yep
we're doing a live so put your name in
because you want this both so you if you
put your name in you're eligible for
both and then we draw and then we draw
again and so whoever did it when the
first time is still in the drawing for
the second time I like how Nick just
asked what giveaway as if he could win
no I feel that this is important for
people to understand so we are going to
take a break we'll be back just as soon
as five six people can use six bathrooms
don't know why I lost count of how many
of us there are we all have little zoom
boxes yeah that's what confused me the
extra zoom boxes Oh see you gotta hide
that ah there we go there we go all
[Music]
you
welcome back there it is the complete I
of light and darkness a sly veto oh now
it's broken look up some values
oh no Evil's gonna come in the world
yeah dang it Amy well now it always has
a host that will break the seal and we
now know that Emma is that yeah I broke
the seal just five minutes ago thanks
Gardner on it Gordon Biersch so yeah
when we went to break there were had
been a lot of trying to figure out how
to somehow make please all their various
dates to the prom without letting them
know that they had other dates to the
prom and it was all very high school but
we're doing tough high school I mean I I
we're going to announce the winner of
the giveaway shortly as soon as the
squirrels on treadmills that are
currently running this is your last
chance to get hashtag chaos in there so
yeah you're sending madam Lin a letter
that basically says we're gonna kill ho
Fang what's in it for us is that we're
gonna kill ho Fang please it please be
nice to the two men and don't and don't
start the next Civil War in the middle
of the city
okay and and we are working on getting
your book back so don't worry about that
and that will come at a later date but
we need to do some things so our first
winner is crystal sparkles Brina who a
while ago won the won the calendar when
the gaming count on me it also has an
awesome awesome awesome user name it's
true it's true
congratulations yeah yeah Chris I want
it to be crystal Sparkle brain Hey
I think crystal Sparkle brain is the
it's the equivalent yes there's someone
be my little pony oh my gosh and we're
kicking it old school this way the
second winner it should be the second
whiner is whiter Nitin guile no way a
meal it off when you said that chip
white road that is no vowels in this
contest we have we have crystal Sparkle
Bray no which is everything and winter
night and guile which is no vowels and
together they're almost a whole person
and sometimes why oh no with wind winter
night and I'll it's always why none of
that sometimes stuff yeah
so congratulations crystal let's we can
turn them into one power user Christ all
Sparkle Breiner Gail yeah of the winter
of the winter congratulations you two
I think chat to Thomas and he'll get
figured out who gets which book you guys
can have had amongst yourselves we have
a physical copy and a PDF of the
colleague who was starters kick the bull
yeah yeah as you get it tomorrow the
bonus to the physical one is if you're
like me and can't read stuff on screens
you can actually read it so if you're
old really so is it a Rochambeau for
who's older rock paper pear Turk we
can't keep you the physical copies let
me show you why you can't see what do
you have show me your reading glasses
would get you the book hold on Oh Rock
you said Rock oh and that is again all
things too lonely Yeti for doing the
kind donation so that we could give
those giveaways today and speaking of
which somebody we know stop by and drop
some stuff
the studio earlier today and Louie the
Yeti will be getting a copy of this and
we will also be giving away a couple of
copies on the mitten on Monday so tune
in if you are interested in watching
some cover 21 85 that was a sticker of
Warren around San Francisco it's it's a
picture of him doing a selfie it's yeah
I like it I like it you just need some
bookmark part underneath it but you know
that could be a lot of fun for any of
our viewers who are in in or in in or
around San Francisco or coming to visit
us who wouldn't you know the world goes
back you know it's a treasure hunt go
looking for Warren it's not really a
treasure
Warren is a treasure you know you can
find the urban masks all over San
Francisco you can usually tell by the
urban musk no I have no comments in our
bathroom wow this took a dark turn here
and smile Warren is the only GM that I
like would play with here so you know
I'm yeah I like to eat Warren here or
I'm not cool enough to pull off team
herbs all right shifting quickly away
from insulting fellow cast members
here's the thing I mean look the only
person that everyone should insult is
Thomas that's really I try so hard
low hanging fruit come on I'm all the
way up here he can't yell at me
no no you mean he's all the way up there
[Laughter]
what are you yes I mean he is he is
significantly taller than me you're
correct but I'm also further north than
he is
yeah yeah that means he yes he is that
down below we're okay phrasing it all
just what's going on all right
break everybody hey we had winners we've
had losers I'm on that side of it and
crystal Sparkle brains we appreciate and
love both of you congratulations so you
send this letter to madam Lin and is
that what is this like you know high
grade school mash note with a heat check
yes or no at the bottom is this what do
you ask for a reply or is this just an
advisory letter I thought we asked for
an itinerary from home Aang oh you want
to know what ho pang is doing and that
sort of thing okay
our mutual friends we're asking for info
yeah uh-huh
winter Nightingale says winter a crystal
Sparkle Gale is their power couple name
I ship it that is that is a great ship
name yeah no I don't want [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's it's
it's Internet speak don't worry about it
the less I know the happier I am is all
shippers I'm a contrarian shipper just
good it's fun I'm oh and then they go
fast you didn't you didn't see the Kmart
like advertisement okay
it's a marketing thing Nick don't worry
about it okay I've tried to imagine the
marketing campaign behind I shipped my
pants
it was amazing Kmart did it and they're
like I just people standing around and
came out going I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my pants
and you're just like I'm sorry what
shoot get away from me anyway I think
we're playing a game I think I was
misled yeah I think wow y'all I think
you're right - madam lid and let her
know that you ship your pants really
Nick this is an intervention we're your
friends
we're worried about you I'm worried
about your house just to make sure that
you keep drinking
yep you got to get out of that room
there's nothing it's not a room it's a
zoom background let's thought about
hanging something up on a wall get it
against it most people would say the
wall you said a wall yeah just some wall
somewhere your walls yeah Wow JD Matt
I'm sorry now I'm also calling him JD
Matthews Jay Matthews 85 just asked me
to be quiet for five hundred bits that
is why he is now my favorite Twitter all
of edges Christmases just came at once
no the more the merrier all of your
hanukkah's came at once yeah Amy is the
Mitzvah that keeps on giving
there's no one in any of these castes
that I like as much as I like a it's Amy
right never - mm all right so you
will are you just gonna wait around for
a reply I suppose I think some of us
that have never
worn a headdress before could consider
doing a little bit of surveillance I
mean and to be fair it's the it's the
the hitters who have never worn it at
this point and we did send some that
your assistant over to help yes
translation already over with a helping
translator okay cool cool oh now he's
hmm so she's gonna be spitefully quiet
for the rest of night probably
and then 1987 called at least it was
your landline and not mine
I don't know whose phone that was okay
so yeah you will in the late
afternoon you get a message a messenger
actually it's mr. woo the guy that her
right-hand man he knocks on your door he
knocks on Emma's door are we all hanging
out with Emma or who are we in our
separate rooms
what are we out doing surveillance yeah
I thought were you guys going to do
surveillance or now oh yes sorry
well we'll stop the party so first I'm
at the so you are all hanging out in
his room and there's a knock at the door
and it's mr. woo and he he says madam
Lin was very happy to receive your
letter she asked me to give you this and
he hands over a huge dusty old book okay
thank you
it is the third gift and she said I'm
happy to give you information about the
travels of mr. ho Fang all you have
right
who's with who's in the room with me who
left I think that it's just you and Joan
at this point everybody else is doing
reconnaissance yeah because we're the
hitters we thought we caught a lot doing
reconnaissance lately we keep getting
spotted while doing reconnaissance
constantly I think well not least
because we are white people in the
middle of Shanghai so it's a
contributing factor a little bit yeah
you and Joan have been invited to dinner
at Madame Lynn's mr. Wu if we're not
otherwise engaged if you understand no I
don't what do you mean is there
somewhere else you need to have dinner
no it's not dinner perhaps it's it's
unless we're otherwise too engaged
taking care of a certain matter for
business yeah madam Lin oh I'm I'm I'm
very confused because it seems like you
are asking madam Lin for information of
a matter that you think you're handling
now perhaps I need to be open to all
possibilities well madam Lin is very
can you shut the door please Thomas
laughs well done oh well I will
certainly tell her that then I will take
a rain check
I must keep my mind focused on what the
current task at hand
thank you all right
and so yeah he'll head off alright so
surveillance people you you know you had
already you already have the address of
Ho fangs compound and it is a compound
whereas whereas madam Lin's place is
like a villa that happens to have a wall
around it this is our compound there the
the walls
no nonsense the guards don't even
pretend to be nice you watch you can
watch the place it seems like cars come
in and out fairly regularly and we find
a place that is elevated to look at it
from with rifles that's not a good on
your binoculars binoculars birth-death
I'm just saying nothing I'm not saying
nothing here yeah you find well all
let me see if I get to stealth successes
from the three of you you'll have a good
hidden spot otherwise you'll have a spot
that you can you have a good observation
point but it just won't be quite as
kidding so there's one damn it yeah
there's two so yeah you find a pretty
good secluded spot did either of you get
a hard success no but you yeah you have
a pretty good secluded spot who knows if
you were followed or not you probably do
a spot hidden to find to figure that out
her sure sure no I got a regular success
the birds of paradise are a little bit
confusing sometimes because the ones 200
yeah yeah like water yeah that's because
you have a prototype mine my birds of
paradise have a single zero so anybody
who wants to get these lovely dice you
don't have to worry that when you get
them they will not have they will not
have that misprint in them misprint I
think that was a choice that she made
firm for the ones with her with her mold
because the ones that you have were were
purchased from another company I think I
I think she was she caught that or when
we caught it she mentioned that she was
gonna change it but I mean we'll find
out yeah do we want Donnelly either way
use the incorporation to make sure that
we have a good place this was first
white hidden not if we were followed I'm
I'm down
spotted there we go forty is a success
okay so you both don't think you were
falling if you were followed you were
followed by people that are more subtle
than the usual people following great so
yeah you observed this place for a good
chunk of the late afternoon and into the
evening there are several cars that
come in and out there are a bunch of
guards you got a good stealth role so I
let's see here the manor itself is a
two-story manor you figure it's got its
it's very large you figure there's
probably 20 rooms yeah 20 rooms like
each floor like the or its re the bottom
floor the ground floor is expansive and
then the second floor is a little
smaller and it looks like it is spread
out there might be actually two it might
be made up of two different buildings
okay looking at it is there anywhere
that we could theoretically get over a
wall if there was a distraction at the
front yeah I mean the wall is the wall
would be a tough it's me you know the
what this wall was not made to be
climbed mm-hmm but you yeah I mean you
figure you know you could who knows what
the situation is on the other side of
the wall because you'd be going around
the back of the house basically sure
really see
okay if there's any way that we can get
eyes on the back of the house that would
be I if at some point we want to shift
and have a look at the back of the house
I'm I'm an up close person and that is
going in the front is not ideal for me
about thing about this Alexandra this is
not a location we want to engage an
enemy and there's too much security 200
risk here yeah I'm hoping more for
potential for a clean shot from here
that that would be ideal but if that's
not possible we may have to engage in
the earth none of you have met whole
thing nope looks like nope I feel like
I've seen him I didn't not described him
seem like something she has not well
then we're just gonna watch and see if
anyone looks important and take notes
like this person seems important
um you I mean there are a lot of guys in
suits how many are we talking about
there you probably see two dozen black
suited guys sort of walking around the
front so the gate opens and there's like
a courtyard and you can see into the
courtyard - the fence and you know
there's a number of guys there and
sometimes cars will come in and the guys
will like take stuff out of the car or
put stuff in the car that sort of thing
how do we feel about explosives if we
can figure out where one of those cars
is coming from we can get explode we
could get explosives on it yeah and that
wouldn't be sufficient for 24 people
that we can we concede there's so many
more we haven't seen well some of the 24
with an exploding car that would
certainly level the playing field car
bomb is not out of the realm of
possibility
whenever the Irish ever used I was going
to say it
that's something that you should be
pleased about friends it's a messy tool
but but a useful tool if you if you know
if you to play it correctly if it
doesn't work though don't like them it's
very hard to get a second chance
hmm yeah maybe it maybe we will get
fortunate enough that we actually get
the information that we need from from
madam Lin and find a more outdoor place
where we can pick them off but everyone
who is doing reconnaissance make me a
luck roll 26 regular success you all
made it I got a hard success yeah
success is at a certain point as you are
as you're watching you definitely
noticed that one of the men who comes
out of the car is Caucasian he's this
gentleman with glasses on and he gets
out and he is carrying several like
satchels and packages and he goes into
the house and he stays in the house you
don't see him come back out not a clue
he did not look familiar at all to you
but someone who is Caucasian tied into
Ho Fang someone will know would
certainly know if whole thing is
involved with cults then it would make
sense that he potentially has contact
with other cults around the globe as
these all seemed connected well we know
that what is his name though
thank you yeah I keep my comm D
something maybe I think he's a d-bag
yeah a Gavigan called a head essentially
and he was
speaking Chinese so I sounded like at
least there was some connection between
the the English and the Shanghai
okay your reconnaissance will again at
the end of the evening your
reconnaissance will tell you that this
place is well manned it is a small
fortress and that you have no idea you
have no idea who is hoping I do
I'm kiss if I can estimate do I think if
I was riding a gorilla that it could
scale the walls with me I mean probably
here from what you know about gorillas
yes hmm
and you don't want to live in a world
where that wouldn't be true okay
I'm gonna have to go find that that
jacket shirt yeah they sell those here
so you come back that evening and the
ladies are having their liquid lunch lit
with lush for dinner I thought we're
gonna go talk to Madame Lin it's about 9
o'clock by the time you guys get back
mmm we don't want to try and assault
that building not not in a head on
anything if we can avoid it that place
is it careful sir mouth I have a quick
can we rewind for a second I have a
quick like well joining our well Joan
and I were together on a percentage on
would obviously want to look at the book
right I mean yeah sure so this is a very
folio of Shakespeare's plays yeah
and do I need to do any kind of like I
need to see if it's real or is it is it
an English or is it in it's in English
okay and is there any phrase as I look
through it is there anything specific
that stands out to me like a marker or a
warn page or something that would
indicate like something deeper than just
like oh it's a book here you go let's
see what Joan gets with the appraisal
I got a fifty three with just just a
normal appraise okay
so yeah these this is bit this is a very
real beautiful old book Emma there is a
pressed flower a Louis is pressed on the
intro page two Love's Labour's Lost okay
and is there anything there that would
indicate a further message other than
inappropriate sure yeah you know what
hmm
a picture falls out a picture of whole
thing I have seen that picture I just
don't remember why we saw it I'm
positive that I've seen that picture
maybe he was walking maybe but so yeah
you recognize that oh you have a picture
of hoping okay interesting and it's on
the page marked so I just I'm like
interesting it's on the page marked
loves labor lost I wonder if Jack Brady
wasn't the only conquest lately oh so
you think maybe it's a revenge scenario
I think it's revenge all the way around
but yeah but you know what I mean it's
revenge all the way down when you when
you pull it out on the back address and
the address is
the address you you can look it up in
the phone book it is for a brewery in
the warehouse district of Shanghai okay
be careful this is how she breaks up
exactly boom so I'm gonna go down to the
concierge while these guys are doing
whatever and just ask about the brewery
okay that's where yeah he'll he'll look
up the address for you and he'll tell
you that it's a a brewery in a not very
good part of town okay so it's not in
the whatever okay and it brews local
all right thank you
I'm assuming it's their warehouse yeah
never meant yeah Emma's been around a
brewery before I go back upstairs I'm
just like this is interesting I don't
know what this means does this mean that
that's where hoe Fang will be we
that's where he has meetings yeah were
you yeah takes his meetings yeah but but
but we see so are are we back at this
point when you guys come back I'm just
like okay but she asked me to go to
dinner again I don't want to go to
dinner again I'm just it's getting to be
a little bit too much and we either need
to kill this dude and get it all over
with or I just need to leave town cuz
it's getting annoying but she gave me
what's your appearance should I send you
next time
no you should not you should not send
Flint no I don't know
she wasn't chisel shot American he might
do madam league does not like mustaches
[Laughter]
you know that's a great thing to know
because next week I may be wearing a
mustache is why but you said you said
she sent you a book yes and inside the
book yet loves Lauren lost or whatever
and then I had to be Shakespeare guys
it's real be careful be very careful
with it Love's Labour's Lost what an
interesting thing to bookmark that's not
one of the more well-known comedies it's
well most of Shakespeare's comedies as
they end in marriages and the tragedies
and in obviously deaths but it's unusual
to have a comedy that ends with the
death not nowadays it's it's about
people who who have sworn off of love
and then immediately fall in love with
people and and our forsworn almost
against their will banan against anyone
anybody weren't you chatting about
poetry Yankee is sure to write did would
gather did we see the the gentlemen on
the picture going around okay so this is
whoever looking for we didn't see him
well the address was so I went
downstairs to find out from the
concierge what this place was and he
said it was a brewery and it wasn't in
the international area so it was within
the local warehouse district if you will
[Music]
which I can only make some assumptions I
would suspect just like our Japanese jet
friend that the warehouse could
potentially be just like his warehouse
full of items that aren't necessarily
brewing
a place where they meet she's going to
be out tomorrow perhaps and and if
that's the case it may be significantly
easier to reach him there than in his
castle here's a play how about we just
figure out when he's gonna be on the
island with Penn Hugh and then just go
in all together at once and say we
couldn't get him while he was in town we
need to do it at the island and then
everything goes no way we have no way of
mashing that up when they decide to
start bombarding the island
well that and and do we really want to
have two cult leaders on the island at
the same time I mean you remember you do
you remember what Gavigan could do
having having someone of Gavigan talents
in the same place as Penn Hugh and we
know what he can do that would be a key
I don't like this if we can take care of
them separately I think that would be
the better play yes exactly I just don't
like going after hope hang on his home
turf no me neither
the brewery should be but the brewery is
his home turf if it's if it's one of his
warehouses maybe it's not maybe it's a
place he's looking into her future
purchase or maybe he's meeting mine I'm
Linda tomorrow did she say why this
address no she sent a book and a flower
thank God she didn't send a dress that's
all I've gotta say what kind of what
kind of flower what was it a lotus a
lotus yeah no pretty it was pressed in
the book yeah I think she might be upset
if we didn't go to dinner like she
wanted she's gonna give us more info
there but this is the info that we got
oh shoot she said that she would get
hope Aang's entire not entire agenda but
we would get a schedule good Emma send
one of her associates to get this
information I think M only has one it
[Laughter]
[Music]
second mm-hmm
what you want me to go to her house and
see what she says or what I'm just sayin
Flint wanted to ride a gorilla I don't
know I've never met her and I don't know
where she is
are you sure you want to send anything
they'll be amazing put you in a car and
be like I'm here to ride a gorilla yeah
yeah I don't think you want to send me I
mean I'm not saying yes but I'm not
saying no yeah have you seen my
appearance
what is your appearance Joan forty hey
nasan's yeah you I usually let my voice
do the work for me I didn't need them
the looks yep yep and you're digging up
things nobody cares how you look either
way we have to get dinner somewhere nine
o'clock at night isn't it what are you
eating yet you came back with me so I
don't think so
Hotel will happily get you all set up
mm-hm I have been with you literally for
the last several hours you know exactly
when I ate last well I don't know maybe
maybe you're far better at stuff than I
give you credit for
so I mean our sticky buns I mean I'm
pretty sneaky all right so it is now the
night of the 26th everyone's getting
ready for bed you all have your own
rooms right yes yes Emma and Joan
both of you make me power rules please
whoo three everything's fine
Alexandra at about 1:00 in the morning
you you have a a trained ear you clearly
hear something in your room come I'm
going to wake up and do my best to
control my breathing so it doesn't sound
like I've woken up and like shift a
little bit like I'm shifting position
and in my sleep while getting a hand on
my dagger and listening for what is in
the room with me all right on your wall
almost like in calligraphy or in
brushstrokes or like that bad aha video
why would I say I love AHA or like that
aha video you see clearly the form of
Silvano doing this just terror on his
face terror and pain is there anything
else in the room with me that I can pick
out no this is the this is alright I'm
gonna slip out of bed and like walk over
to see it to see if he can see me okay
he's looking right at you we have like
we're coming and try to like enunciate
as much as possible so he can read my
lips
uh alright you say we're coming and um
you hear you hear the voice of Aubrey
Penn you are now actually well the voice
of the headdress really but not repent
you like all of a sudden the
headdress is around Silvano's head again
and the headdress headdress says not
fast enough and then you see the
headdress like out the top of it
like teeth just start going like this
into Silvano's brain
I don't cry out because I'm better
trained than that but like my my hand
tenses on on the dagger like I if I if I
felt like I could cut him out of the
wallpaper I would when you say if I
could cut him out of the wallpaper the
figure starts to like rip itself out of
the wall and the paper like it's still
two-dimensional and paper Silvano starts
to like reach out for you
from the wall and behind behind him you
see the wall paper coming off the wall
you back at the pace all right
and then like get it get it get a look
around it does it look like a person
trying to push through it is a this is
well it is wall paper come to life no
there is some image on the wallpaper and
like as you're watching Silvano's eyes
have like his his his eyes have
essentially like rolled up in his head
and they've joined the headdress of eyes
and so his there's just blank where his
eyes would be and the two eyes at the
top of the head dress of eyes open and
the headdress is now a bloody crown on
top of Silvano and then you see actually
then you hear you hear the headdress say
uh-oh
but that's not enough and all of a
sudden on the wallpaper you see Joan and
you see Emma and they both only have one
eye of the headdress in their forehead
and that eye similarly opens and their
eyes disappear and they start to rip
themselves out of the wall and start to
never know gel down do not tempt me uh
I'm gonna back up and light like find
find it find a corner to put my back
into so that there isn't a quarter that
where wallpaper isn't immediately
reaching for maze okay you you are so
you have you have two choices you can
either go into the corner by the dresser
that will have you be sort of that'll be
the corner you're in or you can go out
on the patio what floor are we on run
like the fourth floor fourth floor I'm
gonna be in the corner by the dresser
less chance of being shoved off the
patio okay you are being cornered they
are touching you but they are like
they've crowded you into the corner what
the hell do you want why do you question
a god you're not a god you're a Urim
your narcissistic male potato potato
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what a narcissistic male be able to
do this and Silvano's hands like reach
out and both of them reach into Emma and
Joan's head and they like go right
through the paper and then and then he
says and then you hear him say and what
would I do without my puppets and then
the the head the the two arms bring the
heads of Emma and Jones sort of coming
towards you and all of a sudden they're
like their teeth are just gnashing at
you okay and it's at that point you wake
up yeah he's gonna say I'm pick I'm
going to figure out how to fight back
against this I like wake up in a cold
sweat like right everything feels super
real to you that whole thing felt very
real
I'm I'm gonna get up an egg I get out of
bed and go and look at that wall that
Savannah was coming out of it's a normal
wall the wallpaper now makes you shudder
yeah that floral print seems to have
like a sinister hint to it mm-hmm
all right I'm gonna step outside under
the patio for a second to catch my
breath and some cold air before going
seeing if I can sleep anymore all right
yes the night the rest of the night
passes uneventful II it is now the
morning of April 27th five days until
you are supposed to be on a Japanese
destroyer yeah I'm and when and when I
would I come down to breakfast I
immediately reach for the coffeepot and
with like dark circles under my eyes and
I I don't even like pour into a mug I
just take the coffee pot looks like you
had a bad night I like saying no but
said I don't like and like every time
Emma and Joan get like they're the first
two that get a little too close to you
and like you feel that reflux I just
like startled back a step before and and
like regent reached for one of the
daggers that you know I always have yeah
no nope
stop it okay so you're getting a little
feisty over the coffee I'll just go get
coffee someplace else it's fine yeah Oh
God you should really make this sanity
roll all right you lose three points of
sanity all and yeah you are like you
know you are you are a little on edge
for the rest of the day you're on edge
around Joan and Emma you really don't
want to be alone with them you want to
you sound like Doyle son don't even
start with me my head ever got detached
that is an awfully specific comment to
make all right he's good at reattaching
heads seen it I'm gonna go sit in the
corner until at least after breakfast
because it's just too much too early
much too much I'm really just trying to
get at that coffee though nope
my lint I'm gonna get another car I'm
gonna get another cup cuz she was about
to stab me for that one so I'm gonna
just go ask the guy to get me another
car off if you will always object drops
we could share the coffee a bit with the
others oh I'd also else at the pot that
blue pot of coffee down and pour myself
a very civilized mug before pushing it
back into the center of the table
mostly toward Donald because I'm staying
away from everyone else yeah I getting
really bad vibes off of you I had a very
bad dream and I'm not entirely sure it
was a dream here's here's my finger for
you ya know we've had enough stuff going
on that I'm not surprised you're having
a bad dream no I don't think it was a
dream I really don't it it felt too real
either it was an actual projection into
my room or someone was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around
with my head and I don't like either
option do you did you tell us who or who
is behind it I can guess his name starts
with B his last name starts with F what
did he do I dreamed that Silvano came
through the wallpaper and the headdress
had taken him over did you try and pull
him into our world it wasn't him not
really
me I just have to interject that Emma
apparently thinks Pharos starts with an
F yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I wasn't
gonna let it go I thought maybe I
misheard P you do realise my
intelligence is 20 all the same letter
to me good well I'm glad that got
cleared up because I had news so I will
and like in fits and starts I will
describe the first part of the dream and
some and some of what pen who said but I
won't mention Emma and Joan being in the
wallpaper or being used as puppets at
least not at the moment so you weren't
able to pull Silvano out to us I don't
it I have a very bad feeling that there
isn't much of Silvano left at this point
I think that the headdress has taken him
over to the point where whatever is left
of him it would need an exorcism did you
ring I wonder does Brie's book have
anything to separate the two maybe and
that would be very hopeful if so it was
it was like a two dimensional object was
trying to pass through the wallpaper it
wasn't a person it wasn't like a rubber
being stretched around a person it was a
piece of the wall coming forward I don't
I don't think I could and then you're
cut about the boat lost some blood there
yes
Oh son of a-- of course he's like
everybody every villain known to man has
your blood at this point you'd be fair
though the only other two that I've had
it we've killed here we go when you see
the only other two like that
it was it was Gavigan and it was
what's-her-face on the boat
it was ago they were the only two who
had my blood you know about that you
know about yeah
fair and likes I looked on the table and
say there was more he penny he refuted
that refused referred to the two of you
as his puppets and your images showed up
in the wallpaper and he reached out and
stuck his hands into your heads and were
using them at me at this point I think
he's just trying to manipulate you
because I don't like all the dumb ideas
are all my own I'm just gonna throw that
out there I I completely believe it but
here thank you I'm so glad you agree
that my dumbness is all mine
I know Pharaoh there is ro W there there
is often brilliance in in in your ideas
I don't discount them just because they
seem off-the-wall
shut up that said both of you were the
headdress yes and we are we are worried
are we not that he might have a tendril
in your heads because of it I haven't
her innocence him but that doesn't mean
that he's not lurking right and that and
that's what I'm concerned about I think
that he was making the implicit explicit
so to speak where he where he was making
it very clear that he does have a link
into your brains but would he tell you
that first certain she would he
literally give his hand I mean again
villains are the smartest people but
would you say oh look at all the cards I
have to play and then show you the cards
you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with me and make me not trust
you absolutely he would okay as opposed
to giving his hand thing that I can
control these three individuals or these
two individuals that you know sure
because at any point I would have to
either so the way that I can see him
wanting it to play out is either he does
take control of you and there's a
problem or I start not telling you
things because I'm afraid of the former
which is why I'm telling you about this
part of the dream because I'm not going
to let him do that
even if I'm pretty sure it comes at a
risk shoot I wish there was a way we
could figure out for sure of whether we
the problem that to the problem of
course exactly with the safe word is
that it comes out of your yeah so I I
don't know what the answer here is I
also know though that wine with us and I
don't like no we need to get we need to
get going we need to get going as soon
as possible and get this done
yeah before it is winter Sparkle Crystal
Gayle well the Japanese destroyer leaves
on a set dates and we can't move that
forward
but that also creates another
predicament
I don't like can we guarantee
participation by minn know if we're on
the destroyer
well what if we send them in on
different days I think we want to train
think try and coordinate if we can as we
wanted to be a surprise we don't want it
to be like oh they came in they didn't
make it so let's send somebody else in I
think we do have one thing that we can
potentially control and that might be
hoping as a factor not as control him
but yeah move a piece on the board are
we going to go and check out that
brewery today I think we should my first
cup of coffee pour another okay so you
are gonna go to that address
you're not gonna directly go to that
address but we are going to survey that
address are we all going or just you all
again I do want to check in with liliwin
I feel like limo and Chang know when to
see if he's got like
how far they're doing just kind of get a
report sure yeah he he is super happy
when you like call you know send it a
messenger to get him he's he's at your
at your side very yes ma'am
leeuwin how is translation going how is
how is your ability to assist are you a
good assistant to mr. Moo Moo yes yes I
am I'm trying everything I'm doing
everything I can to help him this book
is it's ungodly I believe that was
Lincoln Marvel superheroes it's I
understand it should it should contain
information on how to defeat the evil
and it's imperative that we complete
this task of translation before however
many days we have left for whatever five
days your five days let's let's do four
because I understand how like people
just blow past deadlines so let's do
fourth when I tell people four days it
means six in reality to them so let's
tell them for this will be very hard
work but I I will the righteous fervor
of the Lord will be my food and my
students and I will drive mr. Lou and
his heathen beliefs to work harder it
should fuel you my son that's gonna go
well yeah yeah yeah he's gonna fall over
yes he's gonna be a disciple and leeuwin
have you discovered have you and mr. mu
discovered anything yet if you could
just let me know it talks a great deal
about about rituals and ungodly rituals
much like our Lord Jesus Christ who died
on the cross with his blood and
sacrifice yes
yes oh I I am ready for martyrdom it's
not exactly what I meant Li wen but I
was looking more for other information
from the book besides just specific
blood and blood sacrifice these are
these are our rituals of containment I
don't really know what I I don't know
what's being contained yet we haven't
really great evil II when the great evil
we must contain the great evil unlike
Jesus who died for our sins to release
and open the gates to heaven this ritual
needs to close and contain the evil
my life had no purpose nothing and now I
have a crusader I grabbed his hands I'm
like I hear you it is our goal it is our
life's mission it is all that we could
sacrifice for yes yes I would die for
this let go my son be strong continue on
with your mission I will make sure that
that laggard move works twice as hard
excellent and report back anything that
you hear yes yes the heathens the
heathens must learn god be with you son
and I send him out the door I'm having
flashbacks to my childhood
evil pretty crazy just like I turn
around and take a drink out of my flat
holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that was way too much you're a
little worried that he might be beating
mr. mu or some things like I gotta say
to get me to four days
you got to do a me could be people in
real life to get her deadline to come in
on time and under budget so yeah manager
hashtag producer don't make me spit my
water Amy I think that hashtag thing is
almost like Warren stickers that's we
need like I would put one of those on my
laptop just have that instead of the
little like you know deli circle have
like just Warren I'm sure he'd love that
alright so alright apollyon gave me 500
bits for basically being a little too
occurrence n for being awesome I don't
know about awesome but awesome it's
something awesome kinky in different
things there's awesome is not inherently
a positive room we are in awe of what
you're gonna make that poor man do yes
and all to him I'm just saying it
planted the scene and let him go you you
put that seed into his head with a
sledgehammer and then watered it with a
fire hose
totally amaz mo I do not understand how
absolution works so you you're gonna
head off to this address to this brewery
and what's your plan so are all of us
going to go and check out going in
during the day are you going well after
breakfast yeah we're not go we're gonna
try to be discreet and just are we just
trying to survey again or do any of us
if you guys want somebody to go in and
get booze I'm sure we could do something
about that I could try to do that that I
can do the surveillance part not so much
but I'm going and getting booze would be
okay or I could stay here and read this
this is not a good part of town that
we're going into you wanna you want to
sit around and read Shakespeare be my
guest
there may be something else in the book
that's all I'm thinking hold it upside
down shake it a few times carefully I am
NOT kid gloving this yeah I try not to
to to show my anger like that sounds
exactly like what some dude would have
said to me sadly there is nothing else
there is nothing else coming out of the
book anything that is a complete works
of Shakespeare but it's a lovely I mean
it's it's really a nice no very old and
antique set so yeah I'll wrap it up wrap
it up in some some nice towels to keep
it dead good and that weird as a taught
center in the universe cross stitch that
I'm going just wrap it up in the
tapestry of as a thought that's gift
so yeah what's the what's the plan that
will no doubt tragically go awry I don't
know what is that plan I don't know why
we bother making plans they always blow
up in our faces
and then something observed from a
distance get a label and it turns out
it's empty or whatever we go in are you
trying not to be followed yes general
okay I'm gonna need I'm gonna need three
levels of stealth success so a hard
success will be to everybody but I'm
gonna need three levels of success
that's morning success from me that's
three so do you work success 5 yeah no
problem at all you guys you are the
night so you're gonna how long do you
want to watch this place yeah it
might be if so what what is your
definition of half - are you wait
until something happens are you just
watching expecting you know villains
lair sign to come on I am totally in
favor of waiting for the villains lair
sign it's gotta show up eventually if
Cobra Commander has anything to say
about it
I mean it's wait until dinner right
depends on if it's active or but it's
just if it's closed so you watch until
you get there around let's say 11:00 and
you watch until 2:00 and this place
seems abandoned hmm nothing is going on
there should wait lights on inside now
it's during the day no until Sun Goes
Down listen it's been three hours and no
one is here why don't we look inside
before anyone else arrives famous last
words
sure I'm staying out here I'm in my bed
sheet with your guns and my sword just I
am honestly amazed that we have yourself
here I'm assembling one of my rifles if
we're going in okay we and we can take
the time that we need for that yeah pull
up my bed sheet scandalous miss Navarro
saddles for you I have all the rifles
I've brought all the things I am like
your pack mule of artillery but you
can't use it unless it's assembled so if
you want me to put it on yeah here just
take it just tear just what do what else
do you want on the bag he wants to know
if anyway you want a gun and while
you're sitting out here six for this
shot I have an elephant rifle I'm not
bringing the elephant rifle in do you
want to keep the elephant rifle I now
want an entire quest in chaos show
that's just a me going shields and
Yarnell ooh I don't get it entirely
they were mimes I'm pulling out the
elephant rival anemone
ya know I've got my own pistol here this
is all your stuff
I just brought your stuff for you yeah
you're pretty good at the pistol how are
you at the rifle I better this reference
instead oh yes there you go
I'm better with a sword do you want to
give us cover then you're better with a
sword drunk we can we can help that
second part yes right let's no no let's
not find out yeah she shoots the through
of the three she shoots the one in the
middle just start a fire just try
brought matches as well it's fine good
oh man I'm just have to start taking a
knife lessons or something form you
Alexandria so I can
I mean having having sharp pointy things
it's not it's never a bad idea
maybe if we survive to the next boat
trip I'll start teaching you iron the
iron is the thing though right on that
I've got some extra shotguns if you'd
like to see my gods are we having this
conversation like in front of America no
no before we're heading out this is why
miss I'm assembling the rifle why we're
doing okay I thought we were hiding in
the bushes like this yes that's what I
thought too
GI Joe yep so you go down heavily armed
to the warehouse and are you just gonna
like look in windows what is your open
door what is your look for and hidden
entrance it's not in the front - where
on the back that no one's gonna see
there is only one door into this
warehouse and it is at the front are
there any windows there are windows in
the so the very front of it there are
two windows then as you go back the
windows or skylights or on the roof how
tall is this warehouse it's three
stories roof no I'm not climbing unless
there's like a fire escape
No there's the building code in Shanghai
in 1920 was not terribly progressive
yeah my climb isn't my crime my climbin
ISM is above like the minimum but I'm
also not going to climb three storeys
thank you excellence assassination point
we've been use the skylights to shoot
someone as they enter the building sure
if you can get up there with with our
rifle without dying the door look does
the frame of the door look I would have
placed at all like they installed
because we were back at that fortune
teller and he had the stuff written and
Donald was telling you yeah no no it
looks like a reinforced door but it
looks like it's it's conventionally
reinforced hmm
well you're not trying to keep us demons
out okay good
if we're going in Donal I think you're
better with the lockpick than I am if
well I'm thinking let's make sure not to
disturb the building I want to break
anything if it turns out this building's
empty this may be a location he's going
to visit later this evening opportunity
for us to ambush him here if we can find
places to hide absolute line like that
roof would be wonderful he'd use that
roof those skylights and shoot them from
above we're standing in front of the
door
then let's I'm gonna try the door is it
locked it is locked fantastic
Donna would you do the honors all right
Vic you ously
which is there bushes or anything for me
to hide like is there another place for
me to be instead of in front of the door
cuz I don't know if I'm not really okay
and do can I do Scott hidden to see if
anybody is actually like going what are
five white people doing her people
they're her people who are walking by
like oh I was wondering why we're having
this conversation and then we see the
rifle and they become very uninterested
with that's what the trench coats for
yeah you know an elephant
under a trenchcoat though I left the
elephant gun all right close to combat
there are there are people in trench
coats like standing outside a door they
will be like huh that's new they look
like trouble ever again yeah hard
success on locksmith this is an easy
lock yeah the door slides open no
problem and you can all head in the
front room of this warehouse is a bunch
of crates of beer there is no and there
is a a sliding door that is closed
that's about a third of the way back of
the warehouse so this part of it is
three stories of open and there are just
crates of beer everywhere there's
skylights and above us
not yet not until after the large day
okay look out so I imagine we like you
know span out a little bit to look
through and sliding doors okay I will
look in a crate or so whatever is
convenient to just verify that it's beer
consistently like everything beer as as
opposed to another crate that we saw in
another warehouse that you saw another
warehouse do we do we hear any activity
now that we're inside no I don't like
the tone that he said that I'm mm-hmm
alright how far back does the warehouse
go it is so this this is about a third
of the total area then you get to the
sliding door and then there's thirds
more of the warehouse okay do we want to
listen at the door and see if there's
anything behind there miss you hear
nothing is there any way to look through
the door like a small hole or a lock I
can look through to see what's in the
other side nope this door is not locked
but it is large and heavy because it is
it is a three-storied a three-story tall
is there anything
it looks like it could go down anything
that looks it doesn't seem that way no
you don't see any stairs or anything
like that I'll move this door up just a
fraction of an inch too slow as I
possibly can't take a look inside once I
do okay
there is a grinding noise that is really
deafening in the quiet and the the but
you don't hear anything
and before you is a completely dark
warehouse with Sun coming through one
sky light shining down on some sort of
glass box and in that glass box you
would swear is a person so the glass box
is it's like one of those magicians
cabinets or something you see it is it
is segmented so there's like glass box
glass box it's like three maybe three
different boxes maybe four and there is
someone lying still in the box oh no
male or female clothes are unclosed it's
impossible to tell until you get closer
oh no I'm gonna keep watching the
doorway guys unclothed there's I'm close
it's possible to tell it's a male okay
and you're pretty sure it's a Chinese
male alright but it's not a vampire the
light shining on it order to be or it's
being tortured as a vampire mmm as you
if you okay what let me know what you're
gonna do next we want to pry it further
up and see what the hell this is we
after we've come this far right famous
last words so I'm gonna keep the pistol
and keep back closer to the door sure
yeah I have I have a dagger in my hand
ready to go if I need it I'm getting
ready to go open fire so we could might
you pull it open enough for somebody to
get in there's that
horrible grinding noise again the the
the the body and the glass case does not
react at all and and when you enter into
the room there is a really bad smell in
here it's like it's like body odor and
blood and just old gross stuff II and
there's nothing else in the room
nope thorn thorn castle we should which
is flat thank each to one side all right
I'll go right
okay Sacco left all right all right and
I will closer see what I can say all
right so Jonah and Emma are not in the
room is that correct I am NOT I'm
watching all right Jonah make me a power
roll oh is that is that inspiration do
you want incentive for one more I'll
totally accept an inspiration roll there
okay be an awesome Amy or even better an
Emma well this would be the best Emma no
it's not I don't know
this is beautiful I got a zero for it
all right everything's fine so you two
are not in the room no and who is gonna
who's sort of closest to the box who's
going to have Alexandra in the Box you
see gesundheit you see we Lin
naked terrified and suspended on on the
bottom of the box he is suspended on
like small points oh and on the top of
the box there are razor blades
all the way down his body so if he moves
he gets cut and he's just sitting there
like this
so who's wheelin I'm your buddy you're
oh you oh yeah okay holy win sorry we
win
okay yeah oh boy I'm gonna call back
softly Emma it's it's like if we win
we'll get him out of the box what is he
doing in the box then if this guy can't
see all the things right like Dave did
you send tell I mean you should if this
is we win
yeah did you send to help move cuz I
happen to remember a little bit about
some of the stuff Rogers told me where
you so great at identifying what people
are actually who you think they are
that's a bit rude it was a perfect copy
we wouldn't he wouldn't have known
either the Pratt I'm just saying is this
a case of that because if so that ritual
that you need to put those stones
together has been compromised right yeah
so yeah let's get him out MMA you should
speak to this fella no no he's gonna
he's gonna freak out if he sees her hold
on
he died breathe and does it look like I
can get the lid of the of the casket off
without without stabbing him yes yeah
okay take a little while because you
have to take sort of each one off one at
a time yeah and yeah but you will after
about 20 harrowing minutes mm-hmm
you will remove him and yeah and I'm
like talking quietly to him the whole
time just like I'm here we're going to
get this sorted out thank God I wore my
bed sheet and I take yeah
all right you read he he when you start
to come towards him Emma he recall
that's what that's going around today
you did this to me I did like you
believed in I've been outside the entire
time what are you talking about you
you're the one who gave me to miss the
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up to the horrible man who put me
in here and they they made another me
wait and I put the bed sheet on him and
I'm like what do you mean I gave him to
the man are you talking about mr. mu did
this to you who's mr. mu Lee Lee when
you you remember how there was another
copy of you made there was that one that
was another copy of Emma that did that
not not this one we have to go to mr.
move right now yes right Bobby Lee when
[Music]
there's there's a copy of you with with
a gentleman making a translation and
that's a problem yeah I'll take off my
suit jacket and hand it to him
closest I got made you might need to
make a skirt pants you might need to
make a skirt out of the bedsheet
does anyone want to stay here and look
around in the in this room is there
anything else in this room no no and so
a win will tell you that that yeah he
got after the car ride where do you
thought you guys were super great he got
a call from Emma he got a sorry Emma
showed up at his house and said come
with me I have an important mission for
you and he gave her to a horrible white
man who put him in this box and took his
blood and you noticed that the glasses
yeah yeah he said his name was the
you all look alike at the bottom of the
box he's like a little spigot where all
the blood that sort of came out of him
was coalescing took my blood and he made
a copy of me I mean they left me here
and the last thing that that when
they left me here the last thing with
you am I telling me that I was gonna die
in this room we win you're not gonna die
in this room I'm I'm leaving if anyone
else wants no we have a problem that
needs to be addressed some people can
stay stay I'm not trying to rush anyone
out but time seems to be of the essence
right now
very much so and I'm and I'm gonna like
put put it put a hand under Lee wins
elbow and like guide him out and be like
we need to get out we need to go now and
I'll pass them off to John but I wanna I
want to like poke Donnell and say if
they're using people's blood to do this
they have mine someone is that one of
these people has my blood I were a good
GM you would have been the one to get
him but it just to work so much better
with Emma meanwhile I'm glad was just
like if that Emma Prime [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] back
she's gonna be aware if I if I suddenly
secret word we need a secret word that
would have been that would have been the
coffee this morning that I would have
suspected that so I was after a really
bad dream
Alexandra give us a give us a password
uh all right let's go yo and we don't
let wheelie win here this secret word
either yeah I know we'll keep him do
with you guys as possible
I'll be I'll be hanging out with him
right now and all right I yes you would
do like call him a cab or like take him
home we have look at a cab for me the
secret word just in case yeah I'll go up
on my toes and whisper a a word into
Donald's ear I'll say that to you
privately as I can
perfect so yeah you will
well either
some of you can stay back and help
leeuwin kind of get home or you can kind
of tell him get yourself a cab and we're
so we're just and I mean it's totally
cool
there are good reasons to do both it
sounds like you're all going to see whoo
move yes what I'm not being by myself is
it when the wind gets in the cab and be
like I'm gonna bend you buddy you know
you're crazy
yeah religion is not in tool for evil is
that the next episode title that one
should be because I just I cannot
disagree more so you all jump in a car
and you even know where mr. woo is yeah
so you get there and it is a sort of a
ramshackle three-room place and you
knock on the door and there is no answer
so Donald like starts to roll out his
things and Flint just kicks the door
open it's surprisingly easy to kick in
the door you just have to hit the right
spot in the latch so you kicked the
door open and the room is covered in
blood is covered in blood there's
furniture knocked over everywhere and
you you will you know you go through
that that first room you get to the
second room and you see someone that you
can only assume is mr. mu and he is he
is pinned like drawn and quartered
connected to the tied up but not with
rope there's like sewing needles stuck
through his arms and his legs that have
him pinned up there and Chinese letters
have been written carved all through his
chest and he's just like moaning near
death and behind him is a sick
caricature of leeuwin with a bloody
knife cackling pick a shot I'm gonna
yeah you yeah you can so I'm not even
gonna make you roll you can just you can
just you you had your gun ready so um
actually I am gonna make you roll
because if you fumble bad things will
happen so that's a regular success so
you blow you like you fire at Leeuwin
and when you hit him he like falls
backwards over like a table and you hear
a you hear a disturbingly wet noise
behind and as he falls over like a boy
I'll go look a little check so we found
drawn out drawn and quartered is Moo
flash is that right yes but he's not
quarter because quartered would be
ripped in half yeah yeah that's what I
was not sure there's nothing pulling him
he's just being suspended this way okay
as you come close to him yeah the red in
the Chinese letters gleams I take a step
back does it stop gleaming yes is it the
same characters that we saw for the
bloated lading it does not no this is
this is there's a lot more of these
characters so to get to the the the
weird wet we wheel in you you're gonna
need to get close to the mutilated move
that was fun to say mutilated move first
aid in this situation better yet does
anybody speak Chinese or really Chinese
I don't know what it says mister your
two translators are currently in various
levels of dead yeah I mean if we have
time we can try to copy the the symbols
but pain are the scrolls anywhere around
or did they get oh did we stop them from
getting away it looks like a scroll
shoot cuz that sounds good sounds good
take a look for and there's no way to
contact Brady directly I'm going to
start scribbling symbols cuz that's what
I do all right yep hold on let me let me
look at these numbers to make sure that
they're okay yeah no oh my god oh this
is not gonna go well for Allie doing it
wait a minute
are you serious look at
how much inspiration we have can we all
try again who needs one
oh no I can't try again why not look I
got it critical
oh I could try again but okay so ya know
but who else needs one this is that
needs one I need 40 for success 45 and I
have made it alright if you made it Oh
was it an Amy or an Emma Joan
oh I rolled more but I didn't flinch I
didn't yeah so I would try and do but
I'm sure you'll hate it you lose to
sanity okay missed it you lose five
sanity Oh an intelligence roll thank God
amen oh let's March intelligence roll he
yes a regular success oh yeah oh yeah no
problem with that
alright so here's the problem you
both are too smart to not think about
the horror that is going on here that is
in front of you and so you each have a
is there any way fight flight or freeze
freeze well I'm trying to I'm in the
middle well there's nothing to fight
it's it's the so there's a puddle of
wheel in I don't think that that's a
threat okay
but the the thing the reason why I would
be fixating on it and not like trying to
like piece it together is I want to try
and figure out how to get to MU and do
first aid but wait a minute hold on Joan
you got a you fumbled Flynn yes yeah so
here's so you don't have fight flight or
freeze
I'm gonna make you an offer you can
decide that everything you dis just aw
gosh I'm trying to think of what Flint
likes to save people so yeah not that
you have to get Moo out of here or you
can decide that you have to kill you
have to destroy whatever that we limb
thing is I actually don't think that we
Lin is alive that hasn't it like I'm I'm
so new to the supernatural my fixation
is if I don't even though the runes are
lighting up on him if I don't get to him
he doesn't have a chance at all so there
we go so you are you your compulsion is
to remove moved from this place and to
hopefully get him to a hospital
yep all right there we go so so yeah
and and Joan just freezes this is just
this is so out of your you know this is
like a ritual murder site and actually
the reason that Joan freezes is that we
Lynn's voice very kind of thinly and
warbly Bahat from where he fell just
start saying salvation salvation oh I'm
gonna go around the screens to see what
you're doing so lit you are grabbing mu
and getting out of there okay Joan you
are freezing Donald what are you doing
looking to see if any other other
anything else in this room okay all
right you're gonna look around Alexandra
what are you doing I'm gonna go make
sure that that puddle thing is dead and
if not help it along its way all right
Emma what are you doing I'm gonna help
Flint get mood down okay all right
so so Donnell looking around there
are a number of like scholarly you know
looking books nothing that looks super
arcane - you're not very tested I but
just a bunch of books there is a there's
the bloody knife that he was using and
there is yeah that's and that's what
that's just on a cursory look around
that's what you find and you have the
you have the sense you haven't gotten
too close to mood yet you're you know
you're like looking at everything from
sort of far away all right Flint you
and Emma go to are you just you're just
gonna cut him down you just like run up
and you're just gonna slice the what
looks like fishing wire that is holding
him up and I'm gonna be yelling easy
easy easy as I try to like okay alright
so yeah cuz obviously it would pull
based on what he's cutting right right
so work the other side so it doesn't
Paul so both of you are very quickly
covered in blood
happily it's not your own blood but
that's that's it that's a win or solace
um
you are both a especially Emma because
you're like catching the guy and and
and just these these these runes are
bleeding openly and you would swear that
they're glowing red these are these
these runes maybe it's just the blood
catching the light or something like
that
but but you and Flint are dragging him
out and well and Flint is like yelling
for like a taxi or trying to get a cab
and
and Moo reaches up your hand reaches a
hand up and and grabs Emma your shoulder
whole thing and then dies okay uh
Alexandra you come around the table and
you see Wieland's face inside this green
puddle and and his he's just like
salvation for I and the way in the light
the Lord has shown the way Emma Emma has
taught me I have driven the unbelievers
and the heathens tell me do you believe
now and and likes and try it try it try
to stab the face in the middle of all
that all right yeah you stab down and he
just kind of go splash grab and he
starts to reform and as he's
reforming his voice starts to get a
weird like timbre to it vengeance is
mine saith the Lord
yeah leave it yeah leave it to the Lord
it's not yours do we recognize the voice
is it we Lynn or is it somebody else who
sounds like rest you have created a
crazy religious blood copy of a crazy
religious killing blood copy that whole
thing has somehow driven this and so he
says vengeance is mine sayeth the Lord
and then he and then he says ah but all
things come to those who wait and he
dissolves and that's we're gonna end it
for this week son of a
d we don't normally get to do a lot of
the blood stuff boy that's that's a
sentence to end that mouth with yes we
have a lot of good quotes this time I
like let's see
have you noticed we get followed a lot
you're the rebound
that skills called boobs we need to get
us monetized cuz that one I I quite like
I love the purposeful kind of
accidentally yes we do want to kill a
cult leader there's nothing on that
island to burn do we punch a hole in the
sky early does anyone here know how to
use gorillas discreetly okay if my head
ever got to test I would want him there
maybe you shouldn't carry a finger
around in your pocket yes I think the
episode title all the dumb ideas are my
own I feel like we've had something
similar to that before yeah and another
possible if I suddenly go nuts it's
probably not me yes I think that skills
called boobs would be awesome speaking
of getting demonetised
if you are not yet go and subscribe on
youtube you can see all of our shows on
there you can see us play board games
you can go back and watch natural one
from the start so that you're ready when
it starts back up and whatever point
when the stars align you can watch we
have a bunch of one shots on there that
we played yeah we have a ton of content
on YouTube so if you're not yet a
subscriber do us a favor click that
subscribe button and start watching our
stuff it's it's good I actually went
back there are comments on our like
early episodes like people are still
watching our early episodes and so I had
to be back and look for it so we love
our YouTube community
we're on discord joined the the quests
and chaos discord you can find out all
sorts that's where you can get the first
scoop
on what's coming win if you're not a our
newsletter sign up for our newsletter
that's another way to get the first
scoop I have to go write the newsletter
for next episode right now
the joys of running on a Saturday and
most of all thank you so much for being
with us tonight we really appreciate it
and for all the bits and Jay Matthews
the subscriptions and lonely Yeti the
the gift of the Cthulhu starter sets
congratulations crystal Sparkle winter
gale I think I say that differently
every time you guys you guys took it
home so remember Monday special carbon
21 85 mitten it's gonna be based around
The Breakfast Club Amy's the troubled
loner we're gonna have special guests
Jared and Diane from the DAT Network the
DAT Network Tuesday it's the Kaos agents
and Amy dropped a major spoiler for the
Tuesday Kaos agents in this in our
little pre-show thing and I think it's
gonna be fun I think I think it's gonna
be fun and then we're back here on
Saturday doing what we do worst so my
blood creatures apparently my blood
feature that's right
so thanks everybody have a great rest of
the weekend and we'll see you next time
[Music]
you
[Music]
