Last time you guys met Jack Brady he
dumped a ton of exposition on you and he let you know that he had a plan, building an army to go kill
Sir Robert
he also said he was working
with the the new China front and you met everybody and got caught up in the
intricate and labyrinthine politics of
Shanghai and find out that no one likes
anyone else and everyone wants to pay
you to kill someone we're getting paid
well I mean you're theoretically getting
soldiers out of it I guess cutting out
the middleman yeah involved yes yes
always a boot involved and at the end of
our last episode we you found in a in a
in some sort of horrible torture device
you found poor leeuwin who had been who
had been caught and tortured and used in
some sort of horrible ritual to make a
copy of himself that had convinced Emma
that he was her holy warrior and she had
sent him off to the to mr. mu the guy
who was trained
slating the seven cryptical books of
Hassan and sadly those books have been
taken by a whole thing and so it looks
like you know you guys probably have
some business with ho Fang now and I
believe as of the start of today in game
time you have five days until you are
supposed to be boarding a Japanese
destroyer to go blow up gray dragon
island did oh is it a new day what day
is it today and I was just looking we
did get off from our favorite twitch
user 500 bits I said nice things about
you take it back it's so interesting to
watch a marriage fall apart in real time
really taking its time if we're at the
end of so the last day that we found
everybody was on the 27th so we could be
April 28th if it's the next day or we
still I mean okay yeah my hip points
want to know this oh yeah hang on
oh I'm fine everything's fine yeah every
it so if you rest you get it you get a
day's rest everybody gets a hip point
back okay and yeah it is the morning of
the 28th yep
and we were just raided by Knights heart
gaming so Thomas yells through the
window do we do a giveaway Thomas are
you yelling through the window Thomas
raid
I hear yes are you ready so yep so
hashtag chaos in the chat and you will
win one of these two decks by turning
our games welcome to my heart gaming you
are done what I read it hold on I have
to read it so I have to put it this way
it's the luck deck or the critical hit
now you can
see it now that I've read it hmm
so we hashtagged chaos right now in the
chat we're gonna be doing a giveaway for
because we got raided thanks so much for
joining us so all I had to do was
mention a Japanese destroyer and people
just come running in so it is the
morning of the 28th and you guys have
you you went through mr. Moo's house and
you you found that it had been tossed
and he had been killed and you fought a
weird blood monster and you you know you
have now you you have a day in front of
you
you know where the new China front is
you know where whole thing is you know
where Madame Lin your old pal is we
should go talk to human and Brady and
let him know what happened to their
translator right and the whole thing is
the one that did it and girls have been
taken all sorts of fun things
yeah everybody yeah let's call it an
intelligence roll while I'm not
bothering to do that because I'll fail
it's it's pointless at the you'll
remember it twitch user the bareness
1,500 bits Oh the Baroness
to monitory I don't know what's wrong
with you another 540 p.m. my goodness is
that for for that is that is but malko I
can't even say this welcome extra eggs
cab 50,000 for the players so we did
kind of even come back so thank you very
much
nice thank you for all of that yeah you
know the Baroness my favorite twitch
user as always so I the GI Joe moment I
think this time all of the GI Joe
episodes are on YouTube right now so you
can go and you can watch every episode
of the
Saturday morning show most of them are
pretty terrible we talked about the best
one which i think is well the two-parter
welcome to Springfield there but the
other one that you should definitely
check out in there is an episode with
sergeant slaughter there is the the
introduction of sergeant slaughter as a
member of GI Joe it is the best part is
it is actually sergeant slaughter doing
the voice of sergeant slaughter and let
me tell you sergeant slaughter is not a
voice actor Oh wonderful
and he might have literally phoned it in
they might have recorded him over the
phone if it was just like the internet
before the movie yes oh I did I thought
that was this first okay I learned
something new today about yeah oh wait
no sorry sorry
I am completely wrong it is after the
movie they actually turned the movie
into I think it was three episodes of
the show they like serialized the movie
essentially well that's that's an easy
way to get content without paying more
for it yeah yeah so do I do this
sure what are you doing throw to the
fourth 500 more for Azra uh-huh
no don't do it I'm really sorry about
what I did to Frodo the third if he was
if I knew I got a critical success on
the on the intelligence jack alright so
anybody who makes the intelligence check
with a critical yeah you clearly make it
yeah I got 99 all right I had to say it
first Joan believe so first Tiana you
you put together that the seven
cryptical books of asan are what are Y
Madame Lin was looking for Brady she
wants the scrolls back so a host
has the scrolls and you've been asked to
kill ho Fang by madam Lin this might be
an excuse to sort of up her involvement
up her involvement into into that sort
of thing
and now Joan Joan Joan Joan so there's a
moment over breakfast where all of you
are sort of like walking through what
happened and you're talking about it and
Alexandre brings up you know the whole
enemy of my enemy is my friend thing
with madam Lynn and Joan make me a power
role yes 50 right so at breakfast in the
lovely restaurant of this hotel all of
you notice the shadow outline of the
headdress of eyes around Jones head it
almost looks like it's been kind of
indented in there yeah Alexandria gets
out of her chair so fast the chair falls
over you can find Joan yeah okay UK
Alexandra you you've headdress I I don't
have the headdress Joan look in a mirror
look in the mirror right now or I pick
up my water glass yeah you see as you do
that the one of the eye is on the
headdress opens I have a third eye now
squeeze you hear a very familiar voice
in your head I'm never far away and you
that voice says we're leading him
everywhere he needs to go this is what I
was afraid of after after the dream that
I had I don't have it
no but you wore it you and Emma it's not
just you have that connection to it and
him and you know it is what it is and
now we have to deal with it
what are our options now yes denier
plugs yep how long we have to
compartmentalize information as long as
as long as needed until ladies but
information what's earmuffs your eyes in
case she can read lips until until we've
killed pen here we're going to have to
come to compartmentalize the information
in those two maybe or that's perfect
they or they if we have two boats going
in we can bring in one as a diversion
but the Japanese bombed the hell from
the other side but not to not to draw
fire but to just draw attention he won't
this is mean you guys lalala used to be
all right I'm gonna poke Joan and and
Emma bring them when you poke her it
goes fades away oh that's all you have
to do the problem the problem is that is
that he has a permanent connections the
wrong word but a permanent ability to
link
well you're you're a bookish type you
can go research how to close said links
good suggestion there must be something
you can learn about some one of these
rituals you do know there might be ever
dissever the connection he may claim
that he's a God but he's me no it's not
he's not mystical man who got a hold of
too many things of power fine all right
I'll have to I'll take a look at that
when we can all right I'm not discussing
anything else why are you two here
though I agree with him well then how
are we supposed to get things done mmm
these eggs cooked perfectly how I like
them I'm perfectly happy to lead him on
a wild goose chase in fact I would find
that to be quite entertaining and fun
entertaining and fun that sounds like
drunken library use right there in fact
John should we go drunk sword-fighting I
think we can raise our skill level
mm-hmm out the courtyard maybe later
this afternoon yes yes I'm ready for
that now okay
so who are you guys eating this morning
so I'm going to say two of it to the two
guys I I think that and I'm gonna make
sure that Emma and no we're leaving
we're leaving out of earshot I think one
of the first people that we need to talk
to is Madame Lin the problem that she
had with Brady was that he stole the
scrolls the scrolls have now been stolen
and our inho fangs hands as far as we
can tell and that being the case maybe
we can get more direct involvement in
figure either figuring out where we can
get him so he's not in the compound or a
more direct assault on the compound
itself she can perhaps arrange for him
to be at a location at a specific time
and we can just be there before he
arrives and they'll take care of him
outside of his compound that would be
ideal
that said though she was the one who
sent us to that warehouse am I
remembering that correctly yeah he sent
us to that warehouse so she may already
be aware of what he's doing
like attacks no are you bringing Emma to
visit Madame Ling it's a very different
visit if you bring her or not no we can
get so much here's the thing we can get
so much more out of Madame Lin if we do
but then penny who knows what we have
and and the whole thing is working with
penny Hugh yeah so we just have to leave
her out pursuit fair enough
alright yeah I think I think the three
of us go and so the non headless team is
going to Madame Lin what is the
headdress team doing drunken sword
fighting sounds like fun
in the meantime before we decide what to
do it's a thousand from J Matthews to
the keeper a thousands of the players
from lowly Yeti thanks on the Eddie
Matthews my second favorite twitch user
I'm still trying to figure out where
that random 500 came from I think it's a
combination of melodic method plus some
other people if I'm reading right J
Matthews a hundred I don't know if we
get 500 yet or not I'm waiting for
Thomas the verdict to be to come in if
we're gonna get 500 more oh thank you
for all your bits and congratulations to
Frodo the fourth who won the Nord games
deck from the rain will be giving away
we have to send him four and that's the
problem we sent like three of them
already and now we're sending it to the
fourth that's the we'll also be giving
away a Call of Cthulhu starter set at
the
so stick around for that as well so you
two are just gonna you're gonna like go
into the courtyard of a lovely hotel in
downtown Shanghai and start sword
fighting well we're gonna drink first
we got a drink first claw earrings only
one of you has a sword though right
no no you both yeah there and you can
you can so you can send the box you can
go there you're drinking you sure you
can both get a skill check both of you
make me a luck roll all right see how he
did drunken sword fighting gets oh I
miss I got a zero five whew all right so
Emma at one point Joan accidentally
gives you a little cut you take one
point of damage who buried that damn
thing and then you think maybe we should
get training swords fence
I mean wooden swords can break bones but
at least it won't cut you yeah but it
was just a little kite it was just a
training swords might burn at least Emma
doesn't know that that's a thing
let's just back this off so the rest of
you go to Madame Lynn's unannounced so
when you get there there is a guard at
the the door to this
it's a lovely estate there's a large
wall and behind it you see sort of a
traditional Shanghai mansion it is a
beautiful house it is large some of you
have some of you get some very alarming
feelings about the way that some of that
bamboo is moving I remember I've been
here yeah you've been here here the
guard asks why are you here I will I
will give him mine my name and tell him
that
a friend of Emma's would would like to
speak with madam Lin if she is available
all right
you are you know by saying the name Emma
you are brought in and you are once
again in that in that study which I
don't Donnell you've been here I think
no so is full of like really
disconcerting paintings of you know the
center of the there's a velvet painting
of like the center of the universe you
got another one here's another one she
gave that to you that's right no there
are so there's the bells there's there's
a bunch it's a bunch of disquieting
Madame Ling will come in and she
immediately looks disappointed I
couldn't good morning Madame I know
Flint it is not an issue Donald what's
your appearance he's also we're all
playing we're all playing I think we're
all 40 actually 140 yeah
I counted I counted on my voice not my
looks what you've come back I hope
nothing's happened to Emma mmm no Emma
is well and and in good health there
have been some developments in in
situations that we felt we should
discuss with you and why is Emma not
here I can't help but feel a little
insulted a little a little rejected know
that that is not her intent at all there
does do you truly think that Emma's in
danger from me from you no absolutely
not because she is about deniability
we made the three of us are perhaps to
do things that emma does not need to be
involved in ah all right I understand
and what sort of evil acts are you
getting up to we have recently become we
we were able to find the location of the
scrolls that Brady took from you the
seven critical books of song yes where
are they they were taken very shortly
thereafter from someone who was
attempting to do a translation of them
they are in Ho fangs possession a white
fellow English looking fellow who works
for he'll thank perhaps you're familiar
with them bookish looking I'm Thor
Castle I've seen before so he described
yeah yes they will she mutters Stanford
under her breath a gentleman that you
are from the your with I assume a hired
gun of HO fangs Western mercenaries so
distasteful I'm gonna keep a look at
each other I think we should be insulted
but also she's not wrong so that that
being the case we have heard a little of
what you're able to help us with as far
as dealing with hoping there are some
unsavory things that we came across
while making the discoveries that that
we did and we were hoping that maybe we
could get either more information or
more help on the whole Fang situation
his compound
the three of us had a look we would need
an army to properly storm that getting
over a wall is very difficult and as
much help as I think your guerrillas
could be for a diversion getting through
is still a challenge and a dangerous
challenge at that so we were hoping that
there would be perhaps a place where we
could find him that he's not in that
compound or that we could get more
assistance in breaking down the front
door we would like to expedite his death
we think that it's in the best interest
to take care of him as quickly as
possible as opposed to biding our time
and waiting for an opening and you're
alright with me taking power it's not a
more concern this is I like that
attitude
this isn't our city and we have other
concerns with with hoping that our
international world more than more than
international more than the world the
universe itself and that that being the
case power struggles over a piece of
land here seem very small I see well
this is a very interesting offer tell me
you know her better than I would my
helping you impress Emma quite probably
yes really nicely for sure you don't
mess with you do you she likes getting
things done
she's a very direct sort of American the
only thing I know about her is the
mention of her name can leave grown men
in solving Eton keeps yes yes can
mm-hmm and that she likes to fight with
swords drunken apparently really he has
a very formidable woman yes you know I
have been known to dabble in sword
fighting oh that would be I think she's
looking for sparring partners hmm well
let's discuss terms right I will assist
you in a frontal assault on ho fangs
fortress you will have all of my
material aid I will you will not you
will not go against me when I fill the
vacuum that follows that works out
perfectly because we had no intention of
doing so to begin with that's not a
question is there possible way for us
not to do the frontal assault and
instead in a mission location where he's
exposed ho Fang never leaves his
fortress very well he sends others what
did you find at that warehouse that I
sent you to a man who works or worked
for Emma was being tortured there oh
well that's not what I I apologize I
thought that you would find evidence
there that you could use to incriminate
ho Fang we found evidence that he is
quite willing to shed other people's
blood in the in the pursuit of what he's
doing in the most painful and horrifying
way possible hmm well I think we almost
have ourselves a deal there's just one
I I have come to terms with the fact
that I cannot win in his heart I've
given it as as the fortune said I put
beaters on three sides and the quarry
escaped however I would I would like to
see Emma one last time before this is
all over I mean of course we cannot make
promises for her she is her own person
and anyone trying to force her to do
anything will meet the pointy end of her
sword but we can certainly I would love
to meet the pointy end of her sword I'm
sure you would that being said we will
certainly tell her for you all right
return to me when you have a plan all
right
take me it will take me a day to marshal
my forces all right
huddle in the next room do you require
let's let let us discuss a little before
we make any decisions but having having
your backing is invaluable and we thank
you
of course I have some business that I
need to attend to but if you need
anything mr. Wu will assist you sir
thank you and we'll gather in a nearby
rumor or are we leaving look I mean what
if we come for the plant here that's
absolutely brilliant it could happen we
won't have that spark of madness that
Emma she's gonna be the chaos element
that we throw in there we'll have her do
one side card take it up as she goes
III thought that was the gorillas and
the gorillas by the way as far as you
two know Flint and Donnell I don't think
they've mentioned that she has
intelligent gorillas
I don't know there's I've been told
about gorillas yeah yeah they couldn't
stop talking about him yeah I wasn't
about writing one right oh that's right
yes of course yeah wearing wearing an
American flag jacket and going over the
wall right well do you head back I think
Amy's got some bookkeeping to do here so
LD brat one another thousand for the
I'm excited that Debrett watches
question chaos that's 90s hip-hop
superstar to brat in the house in da
house yeah and I think also we got the
bread also gave us five subscriptions as
well thank you it's like No Limit
Records is reigning God I understand
that reference oh it's terrible anyway
we want to do the plan away from the
headdress crew right yes we have I mean
we have to it unfortunately well without
knowing the resources that are gonna go
into it we can't really figure out how
we're gonna allocate anything probably
one probably one that one of the best
ways to handle things if hoping never
leaves that that compound we're going to
have to get into the compound that being
the case if there's a frontal assault
going on all of his resources should be
pulled to the front maybe we can get a
ladder and go over the back a ladder and
then do we know if there's any
underground ways in yeah Intel from her
about the compound itself see what her
people
looks like maybe the action everybody
bro like I doubt given given given how
the tripod of power works around here I
very much doubt that she has that much
information on his compound I don't know
she doesn't she's a surprising lady who
knows quite a bit especially the little
tidbit she gave us the other day where
she she happened to know that he had
kidnapped that fellow I'm stashing this
abandoned brewery how she thinks I
couldn't say although she didn't know
that she didn't know the guy was
kidnapped she just knew there was stuff
at that warehouse she gave you the
address and that it seemed Shady because
she thought we were gonna find evidence
against him Donald we could get on a
plane and parachute in if your piloting
is gotten any better you do so when you
talk about the resources that would be
available there has not you have not
seen any firearms among her guards or
really among any of the factions except
the guys on the ship and the Japanese
soldiers they have rifles but you really
haven't seen any other people armed with
firearms interesting definitely would
have a large force attacked the front
and then we would enter for another sign
a second team to try to assassinate him
and wherever he would be hiding inside
we just need to know where that would
yeah we need to know where he is then we
can move in would we want to consider
any sort of more discreet diversion so
we can try and be as subtle as we can
about getting inside getting placed and
then have an actual assault to stir
things up those things we can do a few
tricks we've used me many years ago I
can the car accident is always an
telogen white guerrillas it's been
subtle
yes the gorillas are faced to describe
that's not a bad idea though Donnell
having having a car accident a messy car
accident in front or someone banging on
the compound yelling for help if they
can wait and run into a car that's going
into the compound - it'll give them even
more reason to stop and take a look and
the gate will be open then so they will
be there will be more forces focused
there to get the the gate cleared and
closed that's a good idea actually
no we hit up the latter store which is a
shame because I really wanted a
grappling hook
I mean it's subtle but it's but it's
harder to do ladders are much faster
yeah right
let's see if we can find somewhere
nearby to hide it that's gonna be fun I
don't know what she knows about his
compound and what her people can bring
to the table yeah so we can we can ask
her second a second in command if
there's any way that we can be provided
with the blueprints for hoe fangs
compound or any like if anyone's been in
there and can draw even just a rough map
anything that'll give us information
about where he would be during an attack
then we can we can dump the plan on him
to the current plan on him to to get
feedback right yeah yeah probably yeah I
think that we'd want to keep Emma and
Joan out of it just because if they know
that there's a second diversion coming
then Pena will know yeah or at least
penny will have the opportunity to find
out it might be good to let them know
that we're doing something else
a few days after so you guys that in
mind they can make plans to go on a
pyramid expedition that I was talking
about the Dead Guy whatever but perhaps
make those plans option appended
distracted by those ideas i mr. woo will
get you I'm putting in
Google Doc that we have handouts mr. woo
will actually get you a map of how fangs
area is his villa it doesn't have a lot
of details it's really hard to type when
you're there we go alright so there it
is I have to type with my arms up like
this so it is is that that map is in the
Google Doc again not a ton of
information but some it's a one-story
compound there's a number of different
buildings so is mr. Wu able to give us
an idea of what area would be no fangs
and where where would be like his
private suite within it within the
building and if our plan is crazy yeah
also he's like this is dumb you're all
dumb I think the constructive criticism
yeah you tell him the the car accident
idea huh he one thing that becomes
clear to you right away is that this man
is not a soldier he's like I don't why
would you why would you want a car
accident is to draw the guards out of
the compound to deal with the accidents
or perhaps even well when we use tricks
like this in the past the victims of
course were soldiers who were attempted
to aid those who were in the car
accident
and help of those people and they would
open the gates of the barracks and
whatnot to come out and look at the
accident tend to the wounded and of
course open himself up to around bush
why would they come out and help people
that were wounded unfortunately that's a
character flaw of theirs that we could
exploit should expect that from
fangs men if the vehicle involved is one
of his own perhaps as they're coming
back to the compound and andum hapless
driver happens to hit one of their own
vehicles maybe that would draw them out
to deal with the car accident and curse
we just thought truly briefly Thomas
will pardon apologies Thomas will reset
things maybe we should do an early break
so Thomas can reset stuff it's a little
early but we're back we just have
different names right now everything is
that my selector Andrew yeah we're still
the rest of us are the same those Judas
flip-flop that's it so who doesn't have
a lot to help with your military plan
but he does tell you that if this place
is like most villas the left building
will be like banquet hall servants
quarters that sort of thing the right
building will be the house itself this
diagram the right building the southern
end appears to be the sleeping quarters
small rooms probably the crew and staff
the security we're looking for a large
bedroom for this fellow and a large
office and work areas probably probably
the one with the red bed in it ah I see
what you mean
so the the two doors on the edge and the
south lead up to that driveway that is
entry point for us I think should be the
pond you're making me look up the map
yeah I'm like where is it
400 documents that I have that's why I'm
staring off to the side
yeah I agree the pond may be our our
best option our best entry and there's
so much easier when you're playing in
person right yeah because then you can
just pass them from person to person but
so it goes but the the pond area is
though is Mars marked with an X and that
means that it sent them to the air yes
yeah that will probably be our best bet
and it's not far away from the back area
where we're pretty sure ho fangs
personal area is Right a small team
would move in there and trying to
eliminate whole Fang the the major group
would be hit at the front door area
drawing all the guards security there
you may want some sort of incendiary
devices as well if you if you if the
word dynamite comes out of your mouth
are you are you asking mr. Wu for
explosives
well hand grenades would be nice what do
you have available mr. room we're not an
army to blow something up Chinese
fireworks
anything we have fireworks I mean yeah
okay you just those plush shrapnel pops
look on this poor man's face why would
you do that to kill people right we kill
people with swords like civilized people
oh we have to we have to be far more
efficient than that sometimes you have
to use the shock and awe techniques when
you are a smaller force going up against
a larger and better fortified one trust
me we've seen what whole thing does we
should not be affording him any civility
fires are incredibly dangerous yes well
we just need the explosions and trap
kn'l it's just force
retinol I I will ask I feel like you
should be talking to an army person we
are business people but as but as I'm
sure madam Lin I'm sure madam Lin would
agree with me when when you say you use
the tools that you have on hand
yes tonton and ping yes we can't strap
explosives to them that's that's
inhumane well that and I would be very
concerned about about people trying to
kill Tonto named ping with swords or
other bladed Oh getting you worried
about that Tim tune in ping are immortal
excuse me
tone tone in ping our guerrilla gods
they can't be killed
what's a guerrilla guard it's pretty
much all there it's right there on the
10 Donald I've never heard of a
guerrilla gone wait hold on and he blows
a whistle and one of the guerrillas like
leaps from the bamboo and comes and very
gently opens the glass door to this room
and comes in and he says something to
the gorilla in Chinese and the gorilla
looks at you and then shakes its head
and he says he's never heard of you
either alright so you have two immortal
gorillas God's little gorilla gods that
changes the equation significantly I was
afraid that we were going to have to
worry about you know favorite pets
getting harmed this is way this is far
better yeah let's give them the
explosives nothing really
gods can simply go in the compound
grabbin ring hell thing to us and that
would make things a lot easier
we suspect that Stanford uses do we say
I suspect that he uses supernatural
means based on what we heard so
definitely do yes let's be careful with
those gorillas God's all the same their
guns yes Ellicott's
and even gods and even gods can be
brought down I fear that perhaps gods
have a different meaning in your culture
than in mine and your culture your God
is an omnipotent endless unknowable
being in our culture the gods are
manifest in many different forms and
they can walk among us and Tintin and
ping are manifestations of the guerrilla
God and they are immortal but they are
not invincible
[Music]
all right scratch the explosives again
well and and and I would point out and I
like look up at how massive this this
there there explosives in their own
right both of these two could cause her
to flee that's certainly a risk
especially since I'm sure it's known
that they reside with madam Lin well
they could be the distraction
offensively we want to do that's
distraction number two right with the
full-on assault distraction number one
is the car doesn't sound like we have
any soldiers unless I'm hearing
otherwise mr. Wu excuses himself he's I
excuse me so you're alone in a room it's
the giant gorilla still there in it yes
hunter is still there
good turn is just like you know kind of
bored everyone said I'll pick some might
slow turn you do me a favor what have
you kill me run that by me again
would one of you kill me why
hypothetically like if it what oh I'm
quite serious
I'm sure that my friend as well would
feel this way my name is John Corbett
hello John I was an explorer in the
well that changes things and now you're
a gorilla God really just a gorilla
although I am immortal as he is my
compatriot my compatriot Xavier Xerxes
he's he was a portuguese explorer we
came upon a temple here in cafe and in
that temple we found a giant ancient
gorilla and that gorilla said to us in
latin please kill me and being the good
Explorer as we were we did so and as
we became gorillas and I'm here to tell
you that living eternity as a gorilla is
torch
no you're not selling this to us you
would have us kill you and then become
guerrillas as well is that what I'm
hearing I'm fairly certain that only
works in the temple how certain are you
well I mean I've not been killed to this
point not for lack of trying let me tell
you one of the most horrifying bits of
being immortal is when you first realize
that you can't take your own life hmm
you continue trying did suicide 712
times since the year oh god I'm gonna
mess this up Queen Elizabeth
since since my incepted since the time I
became a gorilla
Paul Xavier has gone quite mad Elizabeth
was Shakespeare's time if I remember
correctly goodness suicide mission and
you could be killed by other parties and
then have them turn into gorillas that
sounds like a great idea well just don't
kill those gorillas yeah but then how
Fang has gorillas know he's dead Wow or
Foe Fang kills one of the gorillas then
we have hope think gorilla then if we
kill him Frank gorilla yeah and I need
my fingers the size that they are to use
my rifles I need my hands the size they
already use my daggers not so much I
mean no I would say the manual dexterity
of the gorillas form is quite impressive
really
I can use my feet as well as I use my
hands so how do you and your cap a treat
feel about a potentially suicide mission
oh we are very excited about it Xavier
is practically drooling but I should
warn you again Xavier is quite mad he
did not take to the transition as well
as I did you know the Portuguese can't
take any sort of there's no stiff upper
lip there
pokerface and you don't realize how much
alcohol you need to become drunk as a
gorilla until you're a thousand pound
gorilla oh goodness I want to see Emma
drive out one last farewell I've one
more question that the process between
the killing and the becoming was there a
delay of some sort oh no it's quite
instantaneous in the temple and you see
in the temple there were on the walls
all of this scrollwork that explained
the curse and how this was a cursed
temple in anyone who anyone who slew the
gorilla man became the gorilla man
little did we know I thought if only
Xavier did it perhaps I wouldn't become
the gorilla and then I would have a talk
in gorilla that would be off the Wonder
of England but unfortunately it appears
that as since I was in the temple as
well I became a gorilla right don't let
anyone know that I can speak of course
not we don't know we don't talk well
javi I can't really talk he's but let me
tell you what advantage of being a
gorilla it's very easy to look in her
window at night I'm just going to
pretend you didn't say that gorillas
have needs it's a damn shame that we
can't use Ezra you'll kill me then oh
not directly not personally apologize we
can give you an excellent opportunity
there's a lot of people with with swords
and the like in the whole Fang Villa
estate area so if you can't die to the
first one that's all we ask you gotta
stretch it out we really need a lot of
these people to not be alive look I'll
be honest
Xavier I'm just gonna point him at
whoever you want killed and he's just
gonna start tearing people apart I I
figured there's a lot of pent-up
aggression and rage going on it's a
surprisingly territorially macho
creatures are gorillas pavia in my
opinion Xavier is losing his humanity
and becoming more and more of a gorilla
and you've even maintained the accent
I'm rather impressed sir well it took me
two hundred years to learn Chinese but I
certainly wasn't gonna stop being
English fair enough all right so I think
that that it's going to be our best bet
and then to have the first version with
the with a car accident and then have
our friends be the second very loud
diversion once we're inside yeah and you
know excuse me I hear mr. Wu coming I
have to go be a gorilla again Wu comes
back in I spoke with madam Lin and we
do have a small amount of of flammable
bombs that she can get access to
excellent those would be very helpful
yes we could perhaps have those in the
truck that accidentally crashes into the
front of the compound a monster first
that's not a good first diversion that's
too loud for a first diversion right
problem rather quickly and then the
second diversion would
the attack gorillas attack gorillas
with motion - the gorilla gorilla
grodd's we mainly use them for observing
people and for quietly removing people
they're very skilled as assassins I'm
sure they're they're quite good at that
but they are also a thousand pounds of
gorilla and I am told that gorillas are
very territorial creatures I'm sure if
we point them in the right direction
they'll create a a ruckus I don't think
these girls would have any trouble
getting over the wall to be honest they
do we want to be if you see riding them
one more time no that's no longer no
that was that was in jest sneeze they
ride again
think what the explosives the gorillas
and then the layout of the grounds we
should be in pretty good madam has asked
me to prepare 20 min for tomorrow
excellent I'm presuming this will be at
night we want to make sure it's when
he's at the compound if for some reason
very reason he's not there this is all
wasted effort so no fan never leaves the
he never leaves the compound I
understand he sometimes takes a boat
ride that's correct not that I know
of
there may be somewhere underground get
him if he's able to get to and from the
boat without being seen maybe we should
stop by Brady and follow up on his
intelligence
well it sounds like you have a great
deal to do yes we really do and we
should we should get going on that but
we will certainly make excellent use of
your of your twenty men and your two
gorilla friends Madame Lin has also
asked me to remind you that should you
require it you are welcome to stay here
which is deeply appreciated we will keep
that in mind
very well all right so you guys head
back to the hotel I'm guessing
yeah okay so they don't find us there
because I have talked Joan into going to
see a saga Toro if you would like to go
with me oh nice all right yeah slightly
drunk after an afternoon of sword
fighting a little bloody and one's got a
little cut and yeah you head to the the
warehouse that Tora told you and two two
Japanese men with rifles well like when
when one of them when you knock one of
them opens the door and like motions you
in and then there are two guys with
rifles pointed at you and and taro will
be there and he will say yes why have
you come
well I think Joan and I we've decided
that we need some explosives and some
bicycles oh that's not I think now
you're just trying for an episode title
you really are well I'm just out a game
I'm just mad that Nick took because I
was like you know what would I'm sitting
here going what would i'ma do Emma would
get drunk won a bicycle and think that
it's a great idea to lob grenades over
the wall using a bicycle as a vehicle
a unicycle the music for unicycles and
she got joan drunk and convinced her I
like it absolutely got it convinced as I
get it's it's just in case I brought a
little bag and everything and you tell
him what you wanted these for no oh well
you asks there's a follow-up question
and why do you require explosives and
bicycles well how many of each well whoo
so like well yeah I mean are we gonna go
do this now yeah are we gonna wait till
everybody gets back we should do it now
okay so we just need two bicycles and
then like I don't know as many as I can
put my purse I'll bring a bag to
abrogate okay and we're where are
these bombs going I forgot his name
already what's his name again mr. who
oh that's right I can't tell you
nevermind Shh just lower your voice um
no I see so if you told me where you
were going to use these bombs and if it
served the Imperial you know my purpose
is I would happily offer you everything
you need what happens if you tell me
what served your purposes and I'll tell
I'm coming to learn this yes
destabilizing the the current status quo
and Shanghai certainly serves my needs
yes to the patriarchy yeah and that guy
too well III guess which patriarchy
because it's a good question it's a good
question is pretty much a patriarchy I
thought there was only one well as far
as I'm concerned the emperor is the only
patriarchy yes so confused right now
look I just need some grenades and I sit
down like edge of some like like look I
just need some good names I can't like I
can't get philosophical with you about
the patriarchy or your patriarchy here
or whatever that is yeah yes of course
I'm happy to I'm happy to let you stow
something he says something in Japanese
and a guy goes and opens a crate and
gives you each five hand grenades that's
it hand grenades is enough munitions to
destroy anything you need to destroy
okay like like blow a hole in a wall and
then like maybe a building or I think
you'll find that if it can't be
destroyed with ten hand grenades
it's your demolition skill that is
called into question not the amount of
explosives I've already called that into
question so and then they bring up to
slightly ramshackle bicycles okay he
apologizes because they are not Japanese
as long as I got two wheels and pedal
mm-hmm and they go they go did I go do
do you know where you're going not yet
but we are we will just ask for
directions hope to hell I can give you
directions if you tell me I don't know
Joe do we tell them where we're going
welcome any polite and step out of your
shot no that's okay I think it's just
time for us to go and I like try and get
on the bicycle yep yep very well I hope
that you don't blow yourself up me too
all right so you guys ride out you
actually are all right okay hold on
before I do that
Milwaukee method gave the GM 500 bit so
let me put that in there inspiration you
can be inspired because I can't you
fumble what's the role what is going on
what are you back what's the maximum
role is it 95 96 and I'm up to a hundred
okay but I didn't get that really drunk
yeah inspiration yes I've given Joan
inspiration and I have also fumbled all
right look I can't I can't walk I can't
watch a good dude back I took a deep
breath and I'm like okay I can drink Joe
Joe I can't wipe the walk back walk the
bike back iiiiii I can get both of those
and I got one of the bags so I'm good
I'm good I'm laying on the ground like
kicking my legs in the air I'm like I
can carry me are you going back to the
hotel then sure like I have no
I knew where I'm going mm-hmm well so
yeah you don't know where no fangs
places but they will so we could go back
to the hotel and we can just ask the
concierge when we get there
we'll just be like where's hope Anglet
degrading yeah yes you will
yes you so yeah that's that you you
managed to get back to the hotel
Emma only twice almost throws a hand
grenade like it's like somebody cuts her
off and she like reaches in the bag her
in the pin and you're like so you get to
a hotel and just you go up to the
concierge and you ask that was a ride
man you should have been there it was
him I almost got hit by a car and then I
was pedaling sideways it was amazing
then we had asked him ask
oh so so you see this guy to pull out
the picture of ho pang and I was like
you said he was hoping right yes yes
that is easy yes do you know where he
lives
sure yes do you write on the back of the
picture I suppose are you actually can
you give me directions yes I I can't
he's are you all right I'm totally
fine everything's great all right so
yeah he'll give you he gives shown the
directions he starts to give him to Emma
and Emma like his so it's right then
lying Oh what right then what and so
then he gives them to right he gives the
directions to Joan and hey you guys are
well do we wait for the others
Christie I don't you cuz like I don't we
gotta wait for them so they can have the
fun too we gotta wait okay shrim right
in the bar yes all right so you take my
bike in the bar yes
been rolling her bike all through the
hotel and she's wearing a satchel that
it's only barely concealing five hand
grenades man's on here don't don't put
so you go to the bar and while you're at
the bar
um Joan a note is brought to you from
the concierge yes and it's it's a note
from taro and he says please do not blow
up this hotel think we're gonna blow up
the hotel well there are chances I may
tell him no I'm gonna tell him no yeah
you should tell him no but also don't
tell him that I've also lit one on fire
before no okay
that's till I say they no problem and
I'll send it back all right the guy
takes the note back and I'm like no
problem and I think that while I well I
spend a beautiful moment pondering the
insanity that is about to occur we are
gonna go to break so we are giving away
a call of cthulhu starter set at the
break so hashtag chaos and you will be
entered to win a physical copy we're
gonna mail it to you so that's not we're
asking continental US and Canada except
for Quebec sorry Argentina and you enter
there and you will be entered to win and
we'll also again at the end of the show
we'll be doing a YouTube give away
something of a digital set so we will be
back just as soon as six people can use
you
[Music]
you
[Music]
welcome back Internet friends I just
want to give props to Thomas for the
font work on boobs in the the title
screen there that chefs kiss that is
that is wonderful now I need to look at
it it's it's the classic calculator font
I'm sure that you know you were too
classy to like spell out boobs on your
calculator but I was all over it zero
zero eight people so I think did we get
a winner I don't know if we got a winner
in the I don't think so not yet Thomas
needs to get back to his chair and roll
that roll that mother so we'll we'll
have a winner of that starter sets low
shortly Elda Bratz night
Elda breath wins the colic Cthulhu
starter set congratulations
so that gives you you were just I know
that during the break Elda brat was
asking some questions about the rules of
Call of Cthulhu and that sort of thing
the starter sir excellent introduction
that will give you all of this and it's
starting to make me think that this
whole thing is fixed its nightbot it I
promise you I'm really shocked than I
thought didn't win like not this or
lonely or lonely Yeti somehow even I
bought together
oh the unholy the unholy pairing late
night Yeti sure does like a Bach that
reminds me of there's a there's an
awesome video you can find her on
YouTube of Little Richard giving an
award I think it like it a Grammys or an
American Music Award or something and
he's one of the presenters and he goes
the winner is and then he puts the other
knows me and he goes on this like
five-minute tirade as only Little
Richard can about why he should win
because he's never won a Grammy
he never get
like five-minute extemporaneous as I
don't remember who is his co-presenter
is sort of like trying to get out of
camera it's outstanding I don't have to
find that little Richard he's amazing
Little Richard was unfortunate little
Richard just passed away but just like
that little Richard is a fun YouTube
deep dive of just watching little
Richard through the ages cuz a he's
crazy be he's awesome and see he really
did create like a lot of modern rock and
roll and he's not shy and telling you
that but you can like watch as he
performs outstanding little richard is
maybe once we're not a GI Joe moments
we'll do Little Richard moments we'll
find some way to tie that into the
Baroness I'm sure that's right that's
right
so when we went to break we had the the
perfect combination of alcohol vehicular
vehicles and explosives and it took you
a great deal of time John you had to
basically lead Emma through the city to
get to the hotel so by the time you go
to the bar the three the other three of
you are returning and you see Joan and
Emma enjoying a lovely beverage in the
bar you also see a bicycle and anybody
that makes a spot hidden role sees a
satchel that is uncomfortably full of
something maybe pineapples 50 463 I made
it did you fumble Tom seventy-two those
but what hard does hard doesn't you do
eat regular does that work no regular
success is fine yeah those are you know
they both Joan and Emma have bags full
of something at their sides yeah I'm
gonna reach over and like touch Donald's
shoulder and be like we might have a
problem in there what do I see we don't
tell them yet is that the problem we
have
oh yeah of course Hey makes all
perception check it makes all her hey
they have something in those satchels
and I don't know what it is hey can I
get three more drinks for these guys
yeah thank you sir we do all right
Satchel x' and see what's yeah this Amos
satchel is like open on the top it's not
buckled closed or anything and there are
hand grenades in there so do I see those
two oh yeah everybody sees the hand
grenades man have you touched my
business Emma and look we closed the
satchel just slowly motioning I take
where did you get those it's it's a goat
or oh he was I mean you just basically
going just be like hey I need seven
explosives he's like I can't - bite of
course into bikes and - oh yeah they're
not the best bikes but I mean they work
especially when Joan pulls you down the
street so that just works for me right
who's any on your way back did you what
did I booze on the way back we stopped
at one bar okay one no no no we kept
good care of these what are you going to
do with those Oh Bob them over the
compound walls all right don't say
anything that's fine
I don't know processing okay so I'm
gonna look to see if the bartender is
still within earshot
now word up we're at a table right we're
not sitting at the bar I'm all over the
place yeah yeah you are
oh man we can take this and we can throw
them over they can go over the wall
aren't you too compromised with what so
many ways are you to conquer you are you
in pinching my honor sir
I have made no deals my friend no deals
with no one okay what papi is free
nothing no pretzels pretzels here I
think I just wrote a check my ass can't
cash make a luck roll perhaps a peanut
that would be a critical success Wow are
we talking they have like you know what
these are amazing
oh my god the biggest bowl of them that
we can find and put them in front of
them I think we may have forgotten need
lunch today yeah yeah yeah yeah this is
epic oh it's like 1 o'clock this time
about to say lunch right
no it alright alright we should use
these we can use this we can use the
pretzels for what no the others the
other things I point at her satchel ok
got it
God yeah this but we might want to wait
until you to sober up a little that
might be a more precise operation than
you are able to do at the moment need
precise have I seen Emma so far maybe
two times
I mean ish I mean there's there's a
difference between the usual low-level
drunk and whatever this is yeah yeah the
best I think you've seen a sober esque
yes
this is gonna be working into an
afternoon nap right now an afternoon nap
sounds like a wonderful idea it does we
have to is there a water fountain in
this building I'll go get you some water
I'm gonna go over to the bar and it's
just like my best pleading expression
I'm like can we get some water please
yes of course you know the feeling this
guy might have seen the hand grenades
he's doing anything we ask him to No
yeah ii-i'll take like a if he if he
gives me a picture of water I'll take
that in several glasses over to the
table because that seems the easiest way
to handle this it was like pour water
for everyone hand it around that way you
now for the end we're not picking on
Emma and Joan everyone needs to drink
water
hail hydration brink I'll go with the
alcohol that they ordered let me finish
this first hold on alright so is the
plan to just sort of distract them all
day possible maybe help them to that
afternoon nap distracts it like like
getting it Joan get Joan on a tear about
the patriarchy no III but I also need to
search to see I can get okay but no
don't how focused can you be on that
right now when you're having difficulty
forming complete sentences yeah so why
don't we go ahead and let you two take a
bit of a rest take a nap and then we and
then we can search out ways to it to
break the tie because I would love to
have you two completely involved in what
we're doing without this problem
yes I want to be involved I want believe
me I want you to to be involved this is
too much fun with you weren't you gonna
spend the day going to the library to
look is there how to control what I'm a
layman but like not not even looking I'm
going to pick up a fork and and jab and
jab see the blunt end into thorn castles
five we have time for that kind of
business and he's very it should be very
whipping he's very lucky that I used the
blunt end and not the time I thought
it'd be funny if you actually stab me
with a fork and I just don't move like
tap yeah it's like I just go like this
get some rest so I put my satchel of
grenades on like right like this like
it's my child and just like hold him and
take my drink up to my room I'm like
goodnight I I will actually go with Emma
- like escort her into her room yeah you
can't touch my bag that's fine that's
fine you can't touch my bag though and I
don't I don't play with those projects
don't love you - it's like a I have
everything I need right here in in the
satchel let's go right up right so all
right so they head upstairs I got it I'm
still I'm still gonna try to look at the
stuff that's in in Silvano satchel cuz
this is what this is it just has
grenades in it - right and then trying
to see if I he has any anything about
how to deal with this I mean I know
there's some things about protection and
things like that so maybe I can try to
you don't know what I mean there was
some stuff about yeah elder signs and
protection you know the ritual of
transference possibly so make me reuse
yes I made it
so I mean part of the problem is that
the the elder sign is sort of carved
into things and right now there's
nothing to carve into Wow
all right I mean there's there's not
anything good to carve into you nothing
you really want to carve into but I
couldn't put it just put it on my head
like on like on something or I have to
carve it into it it could make make your
own headdress I mean make a protection
headdress I mean who knows it could you
you could you could spend some time
researching that and see if you can find
something about that yep yep all right
are the three of you that got back doing
anything yes all right what are you guys
doing collecting our stuff leaving the
hotel simply they've got grenades
they're sleeping with grenades how with
them no my stuff is out staying in
Madeleine's yeah I'm not and we can't
leave them alone eh if we leave them
alone well things will explode a hell of
a lot faster at least when were with
them there's a there's a chance that we
can mitigate the situation a chance it's
not a great chance but it's a chance or
at least point them in the right
direction we'll treat them we'll treat
them like the gorillas we point them in
the right direction and we let them blow
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up so they're not they're not
around right
no they're sleeping okay I wouldn't say
that in front of them
I just I'm just making sure just make
you really sure like they can't know
about the assault let's just bring them
to the assault when we do it I know
they're there they're aiming to it to be
there at home fangs anyway which means
that they've already discussed the idea
of going and lobbing
at home Aang's so pen who knows that
part we can just guide them to be there
at the time that we need them to be
without being obvious about it hopefully
can we get the pitch from them somehow
have you ever tried to get something
away from Emma when she's drunk and
stubborn I don't recommend it
she's an article she grabs on to it and
you have to almost literally use a knife
to pry her loose and I don't want to
well perhaps is there something else
they can do in the meantime how much
when's our assault is it sounds like
tomorrow yeah it shall have the 20 men
ready for us tomorrow all we have to do
is keep them distracted and marginally
sober until then perhaps working on a
way to deal with their mind control or
whatever it is affecting them that would
be ideal
because I would I would far rather bring
be able to bring them into everything
but without with that with that link
between his mind and there's there's no
way we can bring them in and I hate that
should we follow with Brady because
Brady actually seemed to be aware of his
schedule I don't know I shouldn't even
mention brainy Franklin to amount of
Lin's people yes about that we don't
mention Brady in front in front of
Madame Lin's people and you mentioned
him in front of him in front of mr. Wu
we don't do the books no we don't want
her to know that we've been talking to
Brady oh just joking Emma both of you
um I'm like hang on this is what I get
for using dice in my hand this is what
you get pretty good Teeter dice yeah you
both made it who made it buy more let's
see I got
by one out of 72 I got 4172 oh well
there we go alright Emma there's a knock
at your door that meant somehow gets
through your your how drunk am I at this
point you're starting to come down
would hear the knocking Shh
the not the knock will continue stop so
I get up and I'm like doing that grab at
stuff to get to the door we were just
like what you opened the door and
standing in the doorway is a Caucasian
man that one shortly here we go this guy
and he says he says hello my name is
Carl Stanford and I am an associative
made it up speed it up I don't know what
you're saying but you got to hurry it up
sir see I'm an associate of a very
important man mr. ho Fang and he is very
interested in talking with you okay
would you be willing to join me you know
no mister okay
I'm gonna stop you right here if you
want to talk to me I'm just gonna ask
that you make an appointment tomorrow
and that I need to just go right now
okay where are you wait I just making
appointment tomorrow yeah just going
right now yeah I'm gonna go
now okay so we're going to mr. nope nope
you're gonna go away
you're gonna leave something with the
concierge that tells me what time you
would like to meet tomorrow and then
I'll get around to that tomorrow here
and he hands you a piece of paper cool
thank you very much good buying here he
likes like like you slam the door in his
face and then I throw the paper hun
thing and crawled back to bed alright
I'm sure when I said thing I mean like a
table or whatever yeah yo and there's a
knock on your door alright so I go and I
look through the keyhole
you see Carl Stanford standing at your
doorway
alright I open it up a little crack it's
like can I help you hello my name is
carl stanford and i'm an associate of a
very important local businessman who
wishes to was just to meet you come on
come here thank you open the door lovely
I leave it I leave it open a little bit
so yeah oh look you woke me up
I'm very sorry so some important
business man well so talk to me why yes
I represent a mr. ho Fang really all
right
and mr. Fang would very much like to
would very much like to meet with you
and your associates I'm sure he would um
that's why I'm here
yeah I can't speak for the rest of them
but I'm not willing to meet with him
right now why ever not
do you see this I'm not ready to meet
with anybody do you have a card or
something that I can get back in touch
with him yes yes and he'll give you a
piece of paper with the address on it
thank you I appreciate it say hi to him
for me and I open the door
of course you being a little more sober
yeah I'll hear him knock on the rest of
the doors of the the party members and
like you know he'll stay there knocking
for like 30 seconds and then he then he
disappears okay yeah I wasn't gonna help
him they're not here alright so we got
the piece of paper hmm and now do I
recognize the address at all it's an
address in Shanghai you haven't been
there okay so it's not it's not anything
I forego wait are you one of the if you
were put no you weren't part of the
reconnaissance I went part of their kind
that's good yeah okay all right thank
you all right speaking of the
reconnaissance crew you three what are
so are we check do we not want to check
with Brady I mean was i I think checking
with Brady actually might be a good idea
because Brady isn't aware of what
happened with mr. mu right we didn't
talk to Brady to tell him what happened
with mr. Mill's oh I was actually
thinking we should do that first thing
this morning but I think we should get
that he should know what the situation
is
yes mr. mu is dead or missing did we
find his body or just a lot of blood oh
yeah dead god no I know I remember now I
remember
Gary dead yeah no my brain my brain had
put that out of its yes so we should
tell him about mr. mayor we should tell
him the squirrels are gone and maybe let
him know what our plans are with hoping
he's a soldier maybe he can help us with
something a little bit more seal again
remember and if we don't those scrolls
we may not be able to seal this mess up
well yes and that that's why we want to
assault the villa and get them back we
can't blow this villa up you realize I'm
very well
their owner our friends can blow it up
either also aware of that but if we can
if we can point them at the front of the
building chances are good they're not
keeping the scrolls there Han should use
the explosives on the way out hmm
I mean do we want to bring the whole
building down I'm not opposed but
Shanghai police we've stolen why would
we hide the tracks of anything we've
stolen if we've killed Ho Fang it's very
possible that someone won't be killed I
mean if that's the case they should
they'll have a pretty good idea of what
we were looking for the moment that they
figure out that those girls are missing
it's possible they also believe it was
blown up I mean they sent a Adri replica
of Emma after us we are already starting
on the back foot it could be on the way
out we use the explosives I'm concerned
about using them on the way in
especially I recover these items if we
use them on the way in and we point them
at the front of at the front of the
villa chances are very good that what
we're looking for isn't being stored
there that's out but yeah we should
definitely talk to Brady about his
missing researcher fella and discuss his
plan B is going to be have to go to a
plan D at this point since losing plan J
losing a primary researcher like that
would [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pretty much anyone all
right so you head to the new China front
and you get a mess you you have them
send a message that Brady you want to
talk to Brady and and they set up a
meeting in this in a banquet hall of a
restaurant is it the same restaurant
that we've been using no it is a
different restaurant Brady never goes to
the same restaurant twice
what a foodie right so you you are
brought into the banquet hall the same
deal they pull a cut there's a car in
the warehouse that drives out it's
trying to keep you from getting tailed
you're brought into the banquet hall
through the kitchen and you the and Jack
Brady is sitting there eating a piece of
chicken good choice here you have
something you want to tell me
afternoon mr. braiding there's rather a
few things going on last night was very
eventful okay well mission is dead
what is getting right to installing yep
where the scrolls we don't know well
most likely taken bio thing with the
glasses
Stanford I've heard he's the one that
has them
he's probably translating them dad damn
it how long has he had him welcome to
the compound we were observing the
compound just the other night - two
nights ago was it I mean well he hasn't
had them for more than 24 hours at this
point I think Oh twenty twelve hours at
the absolute outside so feel like we can
tell them about our plans tomorrow what
that's all you you're not attacking
whole fangs of compound are you baby
get those roses do you know where the
scrolls are yeah but we have we have a
map of the villa and somewhat of an idea
of where maybe a more hmm
where the master suite could be
can we roll it out for him here
sure yeah yeah I'll do this you'd need
like ten hand grenades and two bicycles
well funny story maybe two gorillas also
have those everybody I was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the
shaking I'm glad because I'm all sorts
and us I'm so glad you were joking
because I'm not there's 20 people have
20 people two gorillas ten hand grenades
two bicycles
do I miss anything tree I mean beside me
besides the three of us of course
wait so you're working for Lindh
mmm more like there's a mutual interest
that we've pointed her at this is a this
she wants him dead for her own personal
interest so she's allowing us the use of
these resources to achieve our own
personal goals so you're gonna kill ho
Fang tomorrow that's the hope
do you have any idea the chaos that's
gonna be caused in Shanghai probably not
an accurate one but more or less
[Music]
it's got the scrolls we have to get
those back before he uses them for
whatever perfect dream yeah well that's
what do you want from me well you're a
soldier and a damn good tactician from
what I from what I've heard might be
useful to haven't happened to have your
assistance and actually setting up a
plan so that this might this has a
chance in hell of working I mean hope
fangs just a man it's Stanford you have
to be careful of tell us more about this
Stanford fellow Stanford used to he he's
in a he's a disciple of Penn you he's
into that hocus-pocus crap
okay's pocus crap that makes them very
interesting creations body double of a
member of our party what yes all right
look if you're going tomorrow that's
three days until we're leaving town
probably not a bad thing where did you
get hand grenades
I don't ask those sorts of questions not
not when the two people who obtained
them were very drunk we got some fire
bombs too right three but theoretically
you're gonna get some from Matt on oh
and I want to hold on Brady does not
Brady
thinks doesn't know you're leaving in
three days you haven't you didn't give
him the destroyer timetable
well let's trim yeah so I want to win a
wreck on that but what he does know that
we wanted him and to get a tank on the
island on time yeah yeah and it was
three days from now
I figured that would coincide I don't
remember
no no timetable was discussed with Brady
in fact at one point you were like what
first attacks second attack yeah
no then I guess the question is do we
tell him honesty is the best policy
we would also like to try and deal with
ho Fang as soon as possible so that we
are only dealing with one weird person
on on the island on the gray dragon
island we're making plans to be there in
three days three days I can't be ready
by then are you you can't go alone we're
not going alone who what where are you
getting an army I wouldn't say it's an
army but hundred commandos should be
hopefully sufficient for this excursion
oh and a Japanese destroyer you're
working with the Japanese mate at this
point we're working with anyone who will
give us the resources we need to deal
with a universal threat well taking the
Japanese out of this this theater of
operation this is a good thing for your
people
look if if min finds out you're working
with the Japanese he's just gonna kill
us all okay let's all if we if he finds
out that we're working with madam Lin I
mean that one's less bad let me know
where we're taking Japanese sources away
from China this this is a good thing the
perhaps may be diminishing their
strength you can
make that case to him I'm not gonna I
just not let him know then we're laying
we're laying all of the cards on the
table because they're attacking great
dragon island in three days yes really
more days now is it for okay four days
it was five days yes no who's five days
this morning unless another day is past
no it's four days so it should be
Saturday May first
yep yes all right well look I think you
know me well enough to know I'm not a
sentimental person so you go do what you
got to do on great dragon Island and
hopefully you'll soften them up enough
for that when we go in we can actually
take care of this it's often who up
enough which-which them are you here
there's a few of them penny who I
I'm the last plan yeah Plan B yeah
why can you can you delay the Japanese
is there some way we could have it all
happen at once we had a chance to get a
destroyer and we took it I I would love
to be able to tell the Imperial Japanese
oh thank you so much for loaning us and
destroyer but you know we need it we
need it in just you know three more days
I could get probably half my man ready
in that time that's better than none of
them maybe more I don't know if we can
get the tank loaded and ready to go in
that time
not without not without being really
obvious well this could end up being
drawn out conflict as well I hope not we
might spend some I don't know how long
it'll take to bombard it we'll have to
take some time going on there like
hopefully it won't but there's always
look you you you know as well as I do
Brady that sometimes a situation
presents itself and all you can do is
the best that you can with with what you
have on hand
I would love to wait for the ideal
moment for all of it but with what
happened to to mr. mu and everything
else that's been going on we don't have
that luxury we have other problems as
well once this little fella was killed
the whole all three of these birds in
town could be funny amongst himself at
least the Japanese are not involved in
that little triumph for us yeah I mean
that's that's my other concern is you
kill ho Fang and now Minh's gonna be
using the men to prop up Shanghai
against madam Lin not sending min to
gray dragon island it's very confusing
when I say men and men if that I
followed well enough but I mean I'm not
gonna put this in writing but I think
you're right this is your best
opportunity and maybe you can do some
damage that we can then use to take over
this whole thing but all right well let
me know when you're gonna go and I'll
try and get as many of my men together
as I can sounds good
I wrote it down May 1st May 1st at night
yeah that's when you're getting on the
dinghy and then oh no it's my second
everyone May 2nd it is five more days
all right yeah it is five more days I
said Saturday be first when I meant
Saturday May 2nd may 2nd and you know
it's probably a day's travel to grey
dragon island unless you have a nuclear
Alexandria has many reasons now for
avoiding that sort of radiation
so yeah he's gonna head out and start
making arrangements and he's like as he
you know he's like trying to figure out
how he can convince men that they need
to get they need to go fast you know
they need to go and in five days well
but yeah you have now told Brady your
plate you've you've told him your plan
and he's gonna try and have as many men
ready to go at the same time as you guys
well that went better than I expected it
to quite honestly
now we're very committed to all of this
we back out at this point sleep make
sure get a full night's sleep carb load
that can check in on Emma and and Joan
to make sure that they haven't wandered
off and blown things up without us yeah
a very close eye I imagine we're going
back to the hotel at this point right oh
one more thing what was it yeah what she
wants she wants to see Emma one more
time before this is all over when she's
sober we didn't discuss that with her as
well yeah although adding and adding in
the comment that she's that she's pretty
well given up on winning Emma's heart
might go a long way I might grab my
stuff and spend the night at Madeline's
not that I'm afraid the hotels gonna
blow up in their sleep but that's a very
real possibility
it is such yeah alright you you will
they they're perfectly happy to put you
up for the night you they give you a
very nice room and all the all the food
you could want and there's you know
there's there's a very nice library most
of the books in Chinese and but yeah
you can you can definitely spend a a
wonderful night there you'll get back
one hit point if you've taken any damage
nice
so Jonah are you gonna are you gonna
just sleep this one off are you gonna
it's whenever drunk Emma's awake is when
drunk Emma's awake that's kind of how it
works
pick it up at midnight are they gonna
try to talk to us tonight when they get
back or yeah after you a go yeah III
think that I would go to their rooms and
like very gently tap on the door not
enough to wake them up if they're asleep
but enough to get their attention if
they're awake how many of you make me
con rules yeah I was with saying like
happy hours into my a my you have a
penalty die on this oh I need to find
the dye okay I made a yeah it's really
so what's my yeah I make it oh nice so
yeah you're both awake I'm a
professional alcoholic I believe they
prefer the term high-functioning so yeah
they are both awake so like you know you
knock on one door and both doors open
I'm just like are you that little guy
again yeah no I'm the little woman that
you're aware they they you of travel
with Oh
also glad to see you Alexandra we did
you get that you had that guy at your
door display yeah my door and I go back
get the paper I can just no yeah so this
guy came and wanted to meet the piece of
paper has Chinese characters on it and
then it has whole fangs address yeah and
hopefully he said he wanted us to know
Fang wanted to talk to us and I'm sure I
recognized the address pretty much
immediately because I've been there yep
do I have to tell you that this is a bad
idea what does it say it's it's her
fangs address I wasn't gonna go but cool
that's we got rid of them but he said
that name was inferred stamping at the
university yeah completely annoying
person I
I'm trying to sleep and he interrupts me
well and apparently he's he's one of the
weird ones he's one of the ones who can
actually use stuff I would have known
that oh I should have put a grenade in
his shorts while he was standing at that
door yes you should
missed opportunity Thanks
next time I'll be like hold on it's too
bad we can't recruit him or something if
he knows how to use this stuff if he is
working with hoping that means he's
working with pen hue means we don't want
him write our side why is he busy but
did he say what he wanted he said it ho
pang wanted to talk to us and then I
said I didn't really want to but where
where what was the deal and he hand me
this note perhaps it'll be good to make
an appointment to bring two days from
now to meet with no thing might be what
this says I have no idea I just told him
to make an appointment and go away I I
can train Chinese I have no idea any
other should we take it downstairs to
the concierge and see what it does
I think we've terrified the concierge
enough for one day how about the
bartender so really terrified the
bartender enough for one day he saw
though he's our buddy
he saw the hand grenades okay but she's
her buddy man he gave us so much to
drink it was awesome I may have to have
a word with them there are things that
we did yesterday that I'm not even
entirely sure what we did wait a minute
what time is it is it today or yesterday
okay so today ish yeah so we went to see
a saga taro taro I think okay I may have
called him the right name I may have
called him the wrong name I don't know
I'm sure he drunk Toro Toro Toro hey it
was some bikes and some grenades now you
see a 8 there is a bicycle in Emma's
room just like lying on the floor why
a bicycle why well first of all why not
because I'm to go I can't drive a car so
that's step one so this could go it
would go we could go well and also to
like I don't know if there are roads
around his compound so I was thinking
and again to this is what I think I was
thinking I'm not entirely sure I was
thinking and this is at what point in
time but I think this is what I was
thinking is that I would be bicycling
around and have a basket on this bike
and then pull the pin or maybe maybe I
thought Joan and I were gonna ride
tandem and she'd ride on the back and I
pedal and she'd lob them over I don't
know something like not something was
happening like that I don't think the
bike is big enough to ride tandem no but
we were gonna we were talking about
putting them together or something but
no we're gonna ride and throw ride intro
yes and and because we could be dessert
first in two days no harm whatsoever
let's not over the next 48 hours I heard
something something ice cream will have
ice cream tomorrow okay that's a great
all right ice cream party in the Chinese
sector that we screaming tomorrow so
here's the thing I don't necessarily
want to blow up the whole fang's
compound because there's things like I
don't know police wait this might be an
EMA doppelganger right give it give her
a very very long I don't want to go to
Chinese Jail
this is Emma just a little more drunken
no I'm sober my head hurts
I've got grenades in a bicycle I'm my
head hurts yeah we're having ice cream
later I'm ready for I'm ready for some
sleep in an ice cream party it's a tough
day Silvano is missing he's still
missing
yes I'm exhausted that's fair I do
have one question if I imagine you two
want to go back to bed
as opposed to what go blow Fang right
now I mean as opposed to maybe getting
some food oh yeah let's hit food yeah my
grenades in the closet
please Jonah did you have a chance to do
some reading - havin to do some looking
through Silvano's notes for anything
that might help that's what I after
right after this gentleman left I tried
to look through the notes and I did see
something that was about protection but
you have to carve a one of the elder
signs on to something so I was thinking
I could make a bandana or something that
I could use that would interfere
there is one the information about how
to do that the thing where he exchanges
it's not information but he was able to
exchange with that other person I'd be
able to give them like when he gave the
radiation the transference ritual yes
that's what he was doing when his neck
snapped
yeah yeah but I could carve something or
or or I could carve a stone and like
something that would be another
headdress of protection that's not a bad
idea I just don't know if it would work
with something that has a hook in your
brain it's not a bad idea it's certainly
worth trying I just don't know how yeah
I didn't see anything else about
stopping it or cutting it off but it was
just it was more of the protection and a
lot of notes about how to teach other
people about how to do rituals cuz he
was putting together on this whole thing
for being able to teach at Rogers back
at Rogers place
yeah Savannah wanted to raise an army of
sorcerers teach them what ritual what is
the ritual he wanted to teach at the
beginning was the protection ritual why
can't we just put like a headband of
those things that you see on the door
those signs that are on the door do not
enter
no soliciting only is that what you
remember like it could curve fours place
and all those other places that we've
been like the people put on the doors in
that in the threshold yeah the
Dutchman's doorframe had some like Donna
Lutz have seen those fairly recently
yeah but I don't have anything in that
there's no notes about that there's
nothing in the notes about that I don't
so that's think that's the only thing I
saw in there it's there's a bunch of
receipts and other things like that I
just kind of put them in another drawer
cos detail well try it first about
receipts just a minute I put him in my
bag with the explosives I took them out
cuz they did they were too many to deal
with so I put him in a drawer so I had
more room but I'm keeping the notes and
things with me okay all right all the
receipts behind those nope I put the
explosives in the closet I shut the door
and I'm ready to go let's go I can see
Nick twitching over there yep so are you
guys
after dinner are you gonna go to bed are
you gonna I was but you guys have
something else you want to do I could
try I mean there's not a whole lot else
we can do at this point I think I think
is your night sleep it's going to be
yeah I'm I didn't get too much sleep
this afternoon so yeah yeah look I I
imagine I would have like found aspirin
somewhere in the hotel implied the two
of them without yeah all right so you go
back up to your rooms Joan and Emma make
me listen rules listen with an L
um so I have an 11 I'm sure that's a
success no all right so Joan you are
fast asleep
Emma you hear like I'm in bed yep
like little it's like skittering but
let's Sylvanas finger getaway so I'm up
in bed like this with the finger I mean
I'm sorry to have to figure my sword oh
yeah you sit up in bed with the sword
like it's dark you hear like but again
there it there seems to be like a light
source coming from under your bed is so
let me ask you a question is the room is
there like a light switch
I don't know but much like a lamp on
your bedside okay so I turn it on
because I think you turn it on and the
the skittering noise stops how far is
the door from my bed it's not that big a
room so maybe like I don't know 20 feet
15 feet okay so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna creep to the edge of the but I'm
gonna like cry I'm standing on the bed
basically and I'm at the edge of the bed
mm-hmm
towards the door okay I'll leap as far
as I physically can to the door run out
all right
make me a dexterity roll this is gonna
be an opposed dexterity roll Oh No yeah
oh no is right you know when I put in
the skill aren't you making those Dex
Dex is the dumps tat Dex is my dump stat
but I do make it with a 13 amen
is that a hard success ah it's a hard
success yes not an extreme Oh got it
alright you like launch yourself off
the bed and you make it to the door and
you you would swear that like for the
briefest of instance like something
tried to grab
you write as you get to the door and get
out go away okay so I am first of all LD
brat one gives us 500 bits to summon the
murder cat which honestly is the best
idea I've heard you know some we know we
know a guy yeah that's right I know a
cat so I take my store and I'm like
alexandria's door I was waiting for that
do I hear this do i oh yeah yeah oh so I
like a hear metal on wood and so I'm
coming down coming to the door with a
dagger already in my hand and open it
carefully like my sword exactly like
this I'm like there skittering in my
room what sort of skittering like a drag
or you don't know I don't know it's
under the bed just get it alright give
me a moment and I'm gonna leave I'm
gonna leave leave the door open while I
go and retrieve it's like a second
dagger and put pants on
Joan make me a dex roll with a penalty
die okay
Dix roll with penalty die that means two
of the tens right afraid and you're
we have murder cat money just in case
interesting and this was a Dex roll
yes sweet both of them were fifty six my
Dex is sixty five so it's not a hard
success if you make it okay alright so
yeah Alexandre you come back you are
prepared and you are well-armed and I
guess you're heading to Emma's room yeah
I'm creeping behind like this I'm like
the sword no guests in the hallway
that's bad
Thanks so do I yell or anything or oh
okay
nope thanks fine so you rolled over you
open Emma's door
and in Emma's door is sort of it's
glowing
a purple that's so deep it's almost
black like her room is lit by this light
that is so purple that it's almost black
and you see the piece of paper that had
fibrous legs and these legs are like
reaching all over like searching the
room and like going through the room and
one of the one of the arms is in the
okay
well then we're gonna go to initiatives
thank goodness I Joan we're gonna deal
with you separately so I think this
thing goes on an 80 I don't think any of
you beat an 80 dammit I'm just below in
a ting yep so on an 80 each of you need
to make me a dodge roll as this thing
just allows without tentacles to grab
you
anyone may do you need oh did you make a
hard success no that's a regular success
I miss it
my dodge is 20 do I bother re rolling it
missed you as well don't worry about the
now granted this thing got a hard
success on you well it's gonna grab you
unless you want I mean you can use some
inspiration honey
my and my dad is 45 so I have a
reasonable chance hard success in order
doom yeah and you can you Harry paper
with a knife because that would I mean
scissors scissors beat paper so these
these arms are definitely not paper but
if you would got a nineteen alright yeah
so both of you like two of these
tentacles lash out at you
reaching for you and and you almost get
a sense of kind of blind reaching just
sort of like flailing towards the sound
and and the the rest of the paper kind
of has this weird like teetering
movement on the legs that has left as
you hear you see it brings the the
satchel sort of to its its physical body
that was 80s 70s 75 Sandra so I see
where its fibrous body is yeah I I mean
all of all of the massive it is
tentacles there's a piece of paper and
out of that paper are just coming down
tentacles and the tentacles seem to be
the entirety of this thing okay I'm
gonna go after the arm that has the the
satchel so you're gonna need to get in
very close then yep okay make me up
you're I'm assuming a knife role yes
this thing has a penalty die on all
dodge roles well it will not dodge and
that is 72 just made it all right you
you slice it an arm what's your damage
it is a 1 B 4 plus 2 so 4 points are
damage four points you so you like slice
down at one of these little arms and it
just kind of blinks out of existence
okay so does that mean it the satchel
has hit the ground because I was going
out after the arm that was carrying the
satchel the satchel like yes the satchel
hits the ground
make me a luck roll 46 just made
weight I rolled in oh two grenades yeah
they're out all over the floor as long
as no pins get pulled
they have pen grenade sir in World War
two mm-hmm this is World War one these
were the early ones
I think like these were like no these
are like turn yeah you're essentially
breaking a seal inside jeez I'm gonna
call over my shoulder - Emma get Donald
he might nades
60s 50s 40s dump stat yep so I hear get
Donald and I pound on the door and I'm
that gets you up quite quickly all right
Joan yes you you wake up and you are
completely entangled in these black
purple strands of something okay and
when you wake up you are being cradled
by it seems like dozens of them and you
feel this weird swaying movement and you
wake up and you realize you're on the
balcony of your hotel room okay and how
many I mean it just seems like a massive
amount of lag sir seems like countless
arms okay
Can I grab them they've grabbed you I
know but can I hold on to them are they
you know it's they're not they don't
want to drop you
oh that's what I was worried about oh no
I mean you are you're like they're all
wrapped around you okay okay okay okay
okay
all right first ice cream all right
that'll be yeah this round you screams
so yes yes Donal you wake up and right
as you wake up you hear a scream come
from Jones room well don't we'll get
this pistol hit my chest oh just think
Donnell is running out in his under
clothes and a pistol
all right we're back to the top on on
80s both of you will once again make me
dodge roles
Oh much better ooh
I actually maybe it was an old
respiration ooh do you need your are you
gonna use it no no I rolled really well
okay do Tianna do you need it I mean he
rolled really well but sure okay let's
well I'm on the Emma board no that's a
hundred no whoo oh yeah the Emma board
not the ami board yeah I am say
ninety-nine hundred is definitely
different hey YouTube you might want to
eleven so it's not a hard to use not
grabbed you dodge out of the way and you
watch in horror as one of these
tentacles comes for Alexandra wraps
around her and as it does that you hear
a crunch of the grenade below where
and I need to roll a die real quick okay
that was a tease also on an 80 Joan you
are it is taking you over the balcony of
your hotel if you are now on the out in
the cold night air of Shanghai actually
the warm night air and this time it's
humid it's muggy
it's a terrible night to be wrapped in
tentacles yes is there a good night to
be wrapped in tentacles only if you're
in Japan I was actually kind of
deliberately setting up for that one so
you it's it's taking you over the over
the balcony also a T Donnell you are out
in the hallway running to the door open
and coming out into the hallway is this
I forgot my in the doorway or am I out
of the doorway no you're out of the
doorway because you went to get Donnell
yeah so you see you see Alexandra like
wrapped up in a tentacle of some sort
I'll put my god I try to find where it's
what's holding her in a body but what is
it so the body appears to be like a half
sheet of paper and so the sheet of paper
is floating in the air and out of it are
pouring these black purple tentacles
right aim for the sheet of paper Center
memory so this is gonna be an aimed shot
it's don't hit me I already have enough
problems going on 61 is the worst the
two that's a regular success okay so you
okay what that as opposed to what's the
better of the two better ones a forty
one okay no but I mean is it a hard
success or an extremely success it's not
is it regular okay
61 which is six success anyway alright
oho so I roll a ten so any of the papers
very small and B it's got this weird
it's constantly moving like those those
weird Sesame Street alien things and so
your shot it dodges out of the way of
your shot all right that was 80s 70s Sid
ie I'm 75 did I hear did I hear that
crunch under me ha make me a listen roll
let's see 32 hard success oh yeah yeah I
am just this side of panicking so I'm
gonna try to get myself out of this mic
and try to cut the like if I can warm
free enough to try and cut the tentacle
that's holding me and get out okay I'm
gonna call this an opposed strength roll
why did it have to be strength I didn't
roll great
oh my god I did I got a hard success 11
alright so yeah you managed to like worm
your way out and you hit the floor
mm-hmm yeah I'm I'm I'm going to like
book it for the door yelling grenade
grenade you hit the floor and you just
start crawling saying grenade good
actually you're probably yelling grenade
at the top at the top of my fractured
voice yes all right that was 70 60s 50s
in on this okay let's go say you do be
separate or not because I'm 65 I'm 65 85
so I I know Emma's next door to me so I
start screaming for Emma okay yeah you
are you're young you are now down over
the balcony head down yeah I I don't
have any any knives I have nothing with
me it's just me yeah can I take let's
see oh part of my nightgown and try to
wrap it around the their arms or them I
just just to so that's all you can make
you're pretty well wrapped up you're
worried that you know this things
holding you yeah getting out of it means
you're gonna fall three stories you know
I was just looking at me backing onto it
yeah
Oh totally I was gonna try to wrap it up
and hold it so it couldn't move oh honey
give me an opposed strength roll let's
see what happens oh man no paper strong
stuff so yeah you can't even get out of
it you're just like yeah yeah I'm
struggling I'm just starting I'm
screaming though I'm screaming yeah you
are screaming and you're screams people
on the street are starting to note you
know like that are walking by have heard
sixties 50s 40s
Emma's a month so I come I'm gonna open
I'm gonna be kind of cautious and open
the door with my sword to John's room
all right her it is empty
okay I see her satchel of grenades
sitting on a chair okay and the the
balcony door is open
am i you're they're screaming out the
door okay so either this Turner next
time I would run to the balcony and just
take a look alright since you were
cautious that'll be next turn okay I
will decrement a timer that you don't
know how long is yeah I know I knew
that's what you were rolling for and
on an 80 see ya I'm scrambling for
the door as fast as I can go Joan the
one with you is down another floor so
you're now on the second floor okay
crawling around and the one in
Alexandra's you're trying to crawl away
and make a dodge roll I would like to
use GM inspiration oh I like that
sentence yeah Oh much better
oh one darn it when the game so you like
you start crawling and you hear again
you get a sense of
blindness you hear this like
thump-thump-thump
as it tentacles like wrapping around
trying to like grab you and it's clear
that it's not just like you're right
there snack and so that happens you're
down there
Donnell let's get a shot of how exactly
is trying to get out sorry all right
that's a regular success 72 was this
advantage it dodges again
this thing's a good dodge okay Joan yes
you're closer to the ground now
okay I'm gonna struggle harder because I
figure it's better to go down than it is
to go over with this guy okay I'm gonna
make you an offer
no you can take a bonus died on this
role but if you are successful you will
fall or you can make a normal role and
try and hold on and your which which
which might thing on my rennet missus
strengths I don't make a regular role
okay
I'm gonna use GM inspiration okay
oh god I'm on the Emma list
I mean you are super successful so it's
not gonna drop you unless that's what
you want as a director what do you want
out of this you're gonna get what you
want
okay so what I'm gonna do is I have tied
my the the ripped off nightgown to it
and I'm using that as an extension so I
don't have to fall quite so far okay so
you bust your way out of this and then
you like slide down a chunk of your
thing and then you land on an awning so
like you you fall a story you land on an
awning you take no damage because you
rolled so well and I rolled so crappy
and yeah that you are now in a torn
nightgown on the streets of Shanghai
sweet all right that was sixties Emma's
I out of the room I thought that was
yeah and and and well that was yes I I
was out of it last time you hit the
ground and now have crawled out of the
room out of the room I'm gonna close the
door behind me and like get away from
that room as far as I can Donnell is in
the door booth I'm like like a great
should have been pushing at his hip like
trying to just get him out like go
grenade out okay
all right you yeah you slam the door
shut I'm sure that will not that will
shield you from the blast that is to
come I'm getting on the next turn yeah
you you like slide Skinner out of the
room you push him aside and you like
with your leg you're like slamming the
door shut I Emma don't hundred-word
grenade
yeah and I think Alexandra wants them
grab a grab you grab Jodi's bag of
grenades and you bring them out into the
hall for Alexandria I appreciate your
your your wherewithal and your team
spirit I'm saying look out of here all
right what do you mean what
I'm good I'm glad you got the satchel
yes die down all right
on an 80 mi make me a dog oh wait no not
yet am I making us a spot hidden role
let's call it okay actually where's
that okay I make it just a regular
success all right with a regular success
you are taking the grenades back in the
hallway right before you leave the room
you see those tentacles starting to
climb back up of the balcony in Jones
room those okay if I had an extra action
I would shut her by me sure yeah you
slammed the door no problem
okay that was all right now we're at
the top and so on the top of the lineup
it climbs up there you slam the door
shut on this one sure yeah all right um
like what with an odd for under the door
that you just closed that piece of paper
just kind of rolls out just the piece of
paper 70s 75 yeah sorry 80 yeah 80 is
Donnell well it's nothing in the
hallway right did we see something in
the hallway I mean there's that piece of
paper and me and Alexandria with a bag
of grenades
is there any way I can press my gun
against that piece of paper inspired the
point-blank branch sure yeah I mean
you'll be shooting into the floor of a
hotel yes that's all right at this point
that's all right at this point all right
um Donnell walks up points his gun
uses his gun to spear the piece of paper
to the ground and then KaBlam
there is a gunshot a hole goes through
the paper and the floor you may or may
not hear us scream let's see make a luck
roll Donnell that's a 45 25 is a success
all right you hear it all you yeah
you're firing I believe a 45 in this
case right now you hear is a 45 being
fired probably for the next several days
so
KaBlam you you shoot down through the
paper 75 Alexandra I did it did that
shot look like it had an effect on the
paper like is it coming apart or there
is definitely a hole in that piece of
paper okay I want to go after it with
the dagger like try to drag it across
the page so you're gonna need to go back
towards the door to do that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no no
I'm gonna either get away from the door
or you can take care of the paper and be
near the door all right I'm gonna look
at Emma and say get away from here
there's a live grenade in there and like
a live grenade in that room it's going
to blow soon I don't know when but soon
and then I'm gonna like grab Donald's
jacket and run down the hall and be like
Alexandra's taking off Joan I don't know
oh and you are down on the streets of
Shanghai I'm gonna go back to the front
of the hotel all right
yoo-hoo you you feel like you like
hop down off of the awning and just
start walking you know walking back
towards the lobby like nothing happened
correct all right now 60s we're down to
Emma's okay so I scream Flint let's get
out of here is this down my way out is
his door on my way out or is his door
behind me
oh yeah I make it 15 so I'm the luckiest
human right now all right so the door is
on your way to the out to the he's his
exit is towards that yeah his doors
towards the exit so I'm just like hell
at his door but you don't get anything
yeah I just keep hitting it I'm like as
I run past I hit it a couple times I'm
like let's go alright just go to the
stairs or whatever sure and that's when
all hell breaks loose as there is a loud
explosion in the hallway the door to
Emma's room blasts open and like the
door smashes into the hallway across
from it and there is fire and smoke and
all sorts of stuff Joan as you're
heading to the lobby there is an
explosion that like blows out the blows
out of the windows on the fourth floor
and people are like ducking their heads
down and screaming as there is a you
know smoke pouring out of the fourth
floor of your hotel okay alright
everybody in the hallway the three of
you need to make me I'm gonna call them
Dex rolls and I wasn't ways down it down
the hall cuz I spent my turn running you
know what you have a bonus die thank you
Emma made it you made it oh yeah not for
I got a critical success alright no
problem so you all managed to dodge any
sort of debris from this explosion the
this as you're heading towards the
stairs there is smoke everywhere it is
it is it smells terrible there's the
just horrible smells you got it let's
see who got the who's the last person
Emma you are the last person you look
back and you see that piece of paper
starting to rise on those same tentacles
nope go
broad problem is Donald needs to drop in
his room for just a brief moment that is
a very well sure
so everyone else is running your
headache so you go to your room
it was next to Flint's so it was close
to the exit you as you open the door
to your room you see the first piece of
paper like coming down the hall towards
you and the second piece of paper slide
under the door from Jones room he'll
race into his room as fast as possible
he staggered under clothes his pajamas
at this point nobody said grab his
duffel bag and double out of here that's
all they can get okay
I'm gonna say that the one is gonna get
IAM inspiration as well hey I got a you
know Jay Matthews pays me to kill people
I gotta kill somebody
three okay I'm fine 33 is fine we're
good oh you are not fine my friend I
rolled an 11 so you like you're just
like yes you like slide over your bed
you've got your duffel bag you are out
the door you are running and this
tentacle just lashes out around your
ankle and you and you like are caught
and so we are gonna stay in initiatives
then we came out of them briefly but now
we're gonna go back into them so on an
80 opposed strength roll as this thing
sixty sixty-nine that's a nice wood you
inspire inspire yeah I don't need to
inspiring well was good
ah damn it all right so yeah with a 12
you do not get pulled further towards it
you're next oh wait the other so what it
does delay you and the other one is
coming up so now the other one has risen
he will he'll try to kick his way out of
this and keep running its best okay I'm
gonna make you an offer you can make a
brawl role and try and kick out of this
thing or you can just make a string roll
to try and rip away if whichever one you
do the string parole will be opposed the
brawl roll will be a dodge for the O's
so you'll doesn't take that one okay
that's treating me right
birds-of-paradise right yeah look at
their success forty two I rolled a not
one oh thank you birds of paradise as
always so with a not one like you try
and pull away and you get knocked off
your feet and you're starting to get
pulled like wheat with the camera he's
like pulling down the hallway of the
hotel towards the exit as Donnell is
like grabbing onto the carpet and like
pulling up the runner as he's being
pulled towards this thing okay that was
80 70s
you are algebra you are down the stairs
do I hear anything from Donald does he
like shout you definitely heard a thump
all right against my better judgment I'm
going to come back up the stairs and
like you know have it have it have my
have my nightgown up of my nose and
mouth for the smoke okay well you see
Emma carrying a satchel full of hand
grenades of all the things to be well
received in the lobby all the things to
rescue all right you told me grenades
nevermind and I'm gonna like stick my
head back up and into the hall and if if
we could somehow get inflection you told
me grenades would be an episode title
right all right so you are running back
yeah you see Donald getting pulled
towards that tentacle thing like just
grabbing with his hands trying to like
can i I can't decide if I want to get to
him and like help pull him and add my
strength to his because my sin my
strength isn't great or if I want to try
to cut him loose
would either of those be possible well
this round you're just gonna be getting
if this round you're choosing if you're
gonna move stay where you are and move
towards the thing okay I see the second
one oh yes
is it between me and him no it's behind
it's coming up behind the first one okay
then I'm yours you guys are at one into
the hallway there at the other okay all
those now in the middle okay I'm gonna
run back to him okay all right so you
will this turn you you will get to Donal
Joan did I get back to the front door
you are in the lobby okay so I I'm in
the lobby in my dish Evald night you
know get in a nightgown
the doorman is like I'm sorry ma'am we
require dress in this hotel my dress is
upstairs there was some horrible person
who came into my room and I escaped your
and I told the room number and who I am
and all that stuff all right yeah this
round you will get in the hotel with
that yeah okay that was that Emma so I'm
still doors
yeah Alexandra told me to go downstairs
right hey flash you she yelled at me why
did you save the grenades I said you
said so you are you are running
downstairs with a satchel full of
grenades and meet those notes and maybe
receipts we're not sure nope no receipts
[Laughter]
burning now yeah yeah
so you yeah you start heading downstairs
with the with the bag all right
Donal make me a well I'm gonna make
you the same offer if you want to do the
fight or the strength you keep trying to
kick it grow with it to break rig free
with yeah oh I don't like it when he
makes that face yes I got 68 not good
enough so I'll need that is it 37 so
regular success but it's not a hard
success you you have now been pulled up
into the air
by this by it by by one of them and the
second one is coming up to wrap you up
as well so you are well and truly
wrapped up and it's at this point that
you notice in horror in the first one
there's at least two grenades that are
kind of just stuck in its tentacles so
that's an 18 and you're you've got your
next action you have been pulled up in
the air you are you are you know you're
about three feet up in the air you are
very close to the piece of paper you are
very close to being fully wrapped up by
this thing he was does he still have his
satchel or is it on the floor somewhere
he's owned oh the duffel well huh you
know what make me make me a luck roll
is a failure in my luck do we want him
to have a satchel or no that's it yeah
it's closer to the satchel make sure
that's not satchel is where weapons are
always the 45 that's pretty sure there's
grenades that are within reach well he's
been kicking and kicking I can't seem to
get beat this thing with that so he's
gonna try it once again and to shoot the
paper and
cause it to drop him maybe I would love
just love just gonna be a manager
regulation ringing the wrong this is a
regular shot yeah cuz you're super close
to this thing oh man do how much do I
love Andrea how much do I love Andrea
the answer is so much not as much as I
this one yes yes do you want to bother
yes
yeah we don't want to make it less worse
I thought it's a hard success not a hard
success all right so it's dodged was a
critical success whoa
we just got raided again welcome yeah
you network yeah so much for radio who
are in the middle of watching several of
our people fighting weird horrible
tentacle monsters as they're blowing up
a hotel not oh wait a min remain sout
they're the monsters aren't blowing up
the hotel the players are blowing up the
hotel grenade grenade the grenades for
the hotel I knew what was gonna happen I
fully understood next episode of club
chekhov's grenade okay so yeah you um
you try and shoot this thing and it just
dodges out of the way with an unearthly
grace which I believe is fifty in Marvel
superheroes
no wait unearthing was eighty but anyway
uh so that was you on a seventy
Alexandra I'm going to just like try and
cut him loose from it from from the
tentacles as best as I can okay make
yeah make me a knife roll for those of
you who just raided us by the way we're
giving away a Nord games deck
so hit chaos in the chat every time we
raided we give something away this is
our third of four give aways this
episode wow so chaos in the chat for a
chance to win a nord game stick what was
your night
for all time oh man after may need some
help here Andrea don't all right roll
your damage yes with the critical how
much how much GM inspiration do I have I
don't know enough to be nine this oh my
gosh I have a lot
plenty yeah well I that's that's an ami
ami ami boyfriend put up the leaderboard
I don't know if I'm a my included in
that I don't know all right
roll you're damaged no that's 2d 4 plus
yes wait you had a critical success
right that is mmm 9 points of damage 5
plus form all right so with 9 points of
damage
you like stabbed up to try it you you
know you're like I'm gonna cut Donald
down but instead you step up and you
tear the paper right through the the
writing in Chinese and as soon as you do
that the thing just disappears
immediately and Donnell hits the ground
slide hurry let's go it's still one more
okay yeah I'm gonna be like sorry let's
go alright so that was 70s 60s Joan you
are now in the lobby of the hotel for
comedies reasons you see Emma walk down
the skinners with with your bag of
grenades I'm in a mask lock as well like
nothing everything's fine I'm just fast
like tiny leg and fast walking see did
you see that person that tried to get me
yes yes I did he also tried to get me
let's go let's go oh where is our wrist
of her friends upstairs in their rooms
let's go alright hey Joan
make me a make me an intelligence roll
I did not even fumble
I didn't fumble I didn't fumble I didn't
make it I didn't make this emma is a
very weird Emma and frankly that's
we want to inspire that we have we have
you want me to try to roll again I'm
gonna say yes I'm in a second occurred
to me by the way that the DAT Network
are the folks who were in the carbon
mitten right yes life with that Jordan
Diana nice I I made it just regular
didn't yeah I mean it was weird but you
know okay I was gonna say it
you know it's Tuesday come on can I get
my bag can I get my bag
all of a sudden Emma's turned into David
Byrne everything's fine I have this why
is this suit so big can I get my bag
can I get my bag so she's trying to take
the bag from are you fine with that
totally fine you need a new hotel with
no grenades here are you what probably
you're just going to the bar is that my
guess that's where I was going about it
I was actually gonna tell Joan so if I
get to like bounce forward I just
grabbed Joan by there and be like we
need to get the bicycle and we need to
get out of here bicycles in the her
bicycle he's down in the front of the
hotel your bicycle sadly was in your
room that's what I'm saying I'm like we
need to get you on the street now okay
so but what about the rest what about
the rest they were right what do you
mean I thought they were right behind me
Andrea running back up I heard get the
grenade run and I just kept running does
Emma know that there's a standing
invitation to spend the night analyst
had that standing in it's not a standing
invitation for Emma it's a lane so yeah
I just grabbed Joan and I was like I
thought everybody was behind me I don't
know what's happening here
here's your satchel
upstairs we can just got to get out of
here okay I'll wait here
I just love explosions upstairs just
like here's the back grenades wait a
minute are you gonna go upstairs you're
the bank give me the bag back we've got
to get them we gotta get them and get
out I don't your uTorrent downstairs all
right I'm on an 80 the one that is
remaining both of you Alexandra and
Donald need to make dodge rolls 12
that's our success all right both of you
make me luck roles to see which one of
you gets the birds-of-paradise role in
which one of you gets the normal the
worst role gets the birds-of-paradise
role 688 boo all right so the normal
dice were crappy oh you know what I'm
gonna GM inspire the normal dice much
better what you get Donald
so my dice roll doctor another luck roll
dodge roll nitro was a 12 God dog it is
that a hard success or a success
all right nothing happens Alexandra what
was your dodge roll
11 I tried Andrea your dice rolled in 19
but they're just they're rolling too
well so more of those tentacles come
shooting out but you both get out of the
way from the one that is left did you
snatch my duffel bag on the way out as a
reward double bag is on the way to the
stairs
all right we're gonna come out of
initiatives now it's gonna check this
thing is chasing you down the stairs run
run no you're you're you're about as
fast as it so but you hear that I'm
going to do that in my nightmares as
it's coming behind you
Oh what happened to the two grenades
they just dropped make me both of you
make me luck rolls all right 40 is a
success on my luck 23 hard success okay
both somehow both of these grenades hit
the ground and do not blow up darn it
so yeah this thing is chasing after you
so you will come bursting down the
stairs and you see Joan and Emma sort of
like pushing this buzzer an edge back
and forth run what the hell are you two
doing run the hotel detective has now
come up to Joan and Emma and actually
comes into Joan and says um
mamrie are you all right to you I mean
I'm afraid we require dress at this
hotel
um buddy came into my room and that's
how I ate and I had to escape oh my god
someone came into your room yes yes uh
what's your room number you tell him
your room young all right he's gonna
start heading up the stairs and so he
will oh no don't go there don't go there
does he see us come barreling down
please you come barreling down the
stairs like smokey and and somehow is he
somehow he's unaware that there was a
massive explosion up there and he said
he's like excuse me I need to I need to
get up to the fourth floor the purple
thing still behind us my vote yes I'm
gonna like I'm gonna like grab it grab
the investigate I said don't don't don't
don't
excuse me look I'm gonna like point at
the floor oh yeah he sees it and you
know he he sees it and he does not like
what he sees and he's running he's like
what is that come on run run he'll say
yuka go I'll save you
and he pulls out a
snub-nosed pistol and he takes a shot
and misses yeah I know the feeling I
grab his jacket and like haul him as far
as far as I can down the stairs okay
yeah you're gonna you start dragging him
I'm gonna make you an offer you can drag
him down the stairs but it will slow you
down enough that this thing will get to
take an attack or you can ditch him and
get away it's just gonna take him to
whole thing are you sure about that
no it's gonna take him to a Stanford
yeah that would be funny
no no I what's your choice I'm gonna
help him all right she is she's grabbed
the hotel investigator I'll make you an
offer you can you help her as well I'll
give the monster a penalty died on each
roll to attack all three of you or you
can beat it it'll have the normal attack
but it won't attack you he's not gonna
leave her behind so he's staying for tea
so all of you make both of you make me
dodge roles Mr Bond that much all right
indeed I I got a 23 on you let me as far
as okay okay no that's worse on the list
Thomas is a sneaky member of the
leaderboards and oh wow yeah so it
doesn't get a chance to like its
tentacles get tangled up trying to get
to you and the investigator and they
like miss both of you because it fumbled
badly fantastic so
donal it the thing has grabbed onto you
I mean a very familiar feeling again so
this will be an opposed strength role
trying to break free that one more time
I'm really terrible 194 is not a fumble
but no not great Bob yeah you could
inspire it how much inspiration do we
have yeah
you could spend luck you'd have to spend
let's do it all right we're down to two
inspiration now 68 it's not gonna do it
though all right you you get yanked
towards this thing and the the
investigator has now decided he wants no
part of this and he is heading
downstairs so Alexandre you have a
choice you can stay and help Donnell in
which case you're gonna be open to
attack or you can head downstairs I'm
gonna stay and make an attack on this
thing
all right we have to destroy this thing
so now it's not gonna stop now I'm gonna
bring in I'm gonna bring in Joan and
Emma are you are you get you're not
going upstairs right you're waiting for
them to come down all right so the
private so last round you saw the
private investigator got the hotel
investigator go up the stairs this round
he comes down going call the police call
the police did you find him him mr.
Stamford each call the police all right
Donal and Alexandra against tentacle
beast so the camera comes up the stairs
from the lobby where they are talking
with that and it turns at the landing
and it turns just in time to see one of
the tentacles around Donald's forearms
like yank him up the stairs and
Alexandra like with two knives out
starts heading up the stairs as well and
Alexandra you're gonna need to make a
dodge roll I'm gonna roll the
birds-of-paradise on this one don't do
it I'm gonna use GM inspiration on this
one no dice never let me down I'm gonna
roll the exact same thing 13 you do not
nothing happens to you Tom a post
strength check I got changed my diet all
right so 81 to failure these dice are
them at the freezer you know birds of
paradise are readily available from
their website it's true there are some
beautiful night this thing got a
critical success and so it is going to
you are dragged through the paper
Donnell disappears Oh God and that is
where we're gonna end this episode we
just cuz we I'm assuming it's us from LD
brat 104 player inspiration you want to
make an inspiration role you'd need a
critical success to beat this thing I
mean we've got plenty it's not okay
alright I'll give you this if you get a
hard success it won't pull you all the
way into it this little strength check
right yes where did you get supposed and
it got a critical success so you need at
least a hard success here injuries at
Christmas oh it's birds-of-paradise
versus birds of paradise fight please
it's a regular success of 34 alright so
yeah you get sucked up into this piece
of paper and the tentacles go flip into
the paper and the paper the the closing
scene is Alexander going no is she leaps
forward and the paper just floating to
the ground