Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends welcome to
question Cthulhu thank you so much for
spending part of your weekend with us we
really appreciate it I want to start
very quickly by just saying everybody
look at Amy that is a sneak preview of
the new West suitcase Thomas and Amy
have been doing a ton of work in that
space it's gonna be super cool I'm very
excited to be back in there whenever
that will happen but props to Thomas and
Amy for all of the work that they have
been doing in there it's it's it looks
from here in the tiny little box that I
see you in it looks amazing
I'm sure that behind the camera there's
a mess everywhere but it is as far as
the eye can see
we really appreciate you joining us
happy Saturday I hope that you are all
staying safe and staying home it is it's
going to take me 30 minutes to get
through all of the giveaways that we
have today it's a it never rains but it
pours I want to start of course by
thanking our lovely sponsor Gordon
Biersch
who I might beer the other day
there we are everyone's enjoying a
lovely beverage you couldn't do this
without them because most of us are sad
alcoholics well I'm a happy drunk I was
good I'm a cheerful alcoholic I don't
know what you're on about it's like my
mom who swore she drove better after a
glass of wine 70s people the 70s were
exciting you would see we've got an
run up run down all of the emotions of
inside out there you go we have all
sorts of craziness going on this week
we've got Monday carbon 21 85 and this
time the movie is the raid which is not
an 80s movie and thus I cry foul I
wanted it to be magnum p.i magnum p.i I
mean
I would be like you know Fort Apache the
Bronx or something if you want to go
with like a raid feel for the 80s or
escape from New York I mean Warren was
going for like for like be on the nose
name so we are doing a raid know I'm I
hold to the verisimilitude of 80 you
know if you're gonna go with 80 cinema
you got a you got to stick with 80
cinema we have Tuesday the Kaos
agents are back and I think they're done
shopping at this point hmm and and then
we're back here on Saturday and we're
we're there are what two more episodes
of carbon left in the run and then after
that we're back to the mitten and James
is going to be back sitting in well not
my seat but in the diem James will be
back in the the GM chair for the return
to the castle of doom and you know we if
we can't have a one part mitten at
question chaos it is non canonical just
doesn't work so that is coming up and
then I heard tell this is a this is a
deep preview but there is also talk
terrifying talk of a Rick and Morty RPG
happening at some point and given that
Aaron's involved it will only be a
unfortunate I can I can imagine so we so
appreciate our community and I
personally really appreciate one
particular member of our community
my favorite twitch user the Baroness who
apparently found a laser cutter
somewhere and made all of us she sent
every single member of the Great Dane
society co-leaders with our symbol on
them which I can add to a lovely cross
stitch that Rachel made so Baroness
thank you so much that was amazing
however in a Great Dane society like
mistake we now all have your address so
look for those pizzas to be arriving
soon
oh also - I have your scarf I may or may
no that's not the bearded [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] as did
everybody else get it wrapped in
something I got it wrapped in a scarf I
don't know am I the only fan for
whatever it's worth I know that she just
moved so you wait you may have gotten
stuff from the old address and she might
have been like who Amy would like this
scarf okay there you go
I like it they're amazing and we're
gonna be giving away let's descend into
yes I actually I had to write down a
list because there are so many freaking
giveaways
tonight and not all of them from us as
you'll see so the bareness gave us extra
sets so we're gonna be giving away four
count them for Great Dane Society
coasters yeah hold on let me move my
beer Amy will be hand ma we chose Amy
because she has the best camera if I
were to do it they'd like be in and out
of focus be good
so Baroness amazing thank you so much
these are like these are my new totem
it's an it's incredible so we're gonna
give away one set of four coasters today
and then we're gonna do a second
giveaway for YouTube also YouTube we're
gonna give away four sets of coasters
and now YouTube you know I love you
we have long talks together and I really
appreciate it but last week we gave you
a contest and only one person entered
you now 42:42 also entered so wheeler
say any people have entered on YouTube
so we're gonna carry it over for another
week the two people who entered you guys
are in your guesses have been locked you
have one more week to guess who is the
leader of Amy's not Emma's but Amy's on
the leaderboard Tom nobody note your
pull it early on the screen you're
pointing to like the interface you're
pointing to like like chat yeah I will
yeah I'm not gonna sit so so one more
week YouTube you've got for that and
then for the for the coasters we're just
gonna take is there
we can see everyone that's subscribed to
the playlist maybe we just take
everybody who subscribed to the playlist
Thomas is giving me the I don't know
yeah these are well we're gonna figure
everyone who comments on this episode in
some way will randomize and you will be
entered to win four of those Great Danes
society coasters a chat let's see so I
guess we're gonna do one giveaway like
soon then one at the break and then one
towards the end I guess alright we've
got we got giveaways for days here
people it's crazy so we are gonna do
it's gonna be hashtag chaos in the chat
for what four of those coasters will do
the drawing at some point before the
break Thomas has his finger on the pulse
of the chat and knows exactly when and
then we have another giveaway from our
community my second favorite twitch user
Jay Matthews 85 I loved his band is his
heart runs cold his angel is a sinner
full he is Jay geils whoops didn't even
work he has offered to the community one
copy and it's funny because before we
came on chat here I was talking with
Thomas and Amy and I was gonna give away
a copy of this book so we'll do that
next week we have one copy of an
incredible Call of Cthulhu supplement
Harlem unbound Harlem unbound is a book
but also a PDF all about running Cthulhu
scenarios in 1920s harlem it has the
thing the thing about it to me is
revelatory is that a it's just super
well researched so the historical side
of it of talking about historical
locations in Harlem people in Harlem
that sort of thing is rock solid but the
most impressive part is that there's an
entire chapter that talks about using
race and using civil rights issues in
your game and ways to
do it as it says ways to not engage in
blackface which i think is super
important if you're going to if your
table is comfortable addressing these
issues you need to do it in a
responsible way you need to do it in a
way that gives them the importance and
the the gravitas they deserve and Harlem
unbound
walks you through a lot of those issues
and how to deal with them and the chap
that chapter in particular to me is
revelatory I can't say enough good
things about that chapter so Jim
Matthews thank you so much for giving
that to a member of the community that
will be our second half giveaway we'll
do that one in the second half so the
coasters then that then next week we'll
give away another copy of Harlem unbound
since I have a copy that I want to give
out to you guys as well you had to steal
my thunder it's like you know it's not
enough that man
maybe he's my third favorite twitch user
now I don't know I don't know where's
the house
where's yeah really that's right last
thing again
the official dice of my killing players
birds of paradise they have been on such
a roll these beautiful Arizona dice
right here have been on such a roll
doing wonderful things for me and I
can't I can't thank Andrea and
birds-of-paradise enough show me one
dead player showed me what I got a teeth
I killed an entire world world with an
amazing foam balm it's true yeah I don't
remember what dice I was using I may
have given them away no just think we
did give those away oh we did relieve
its Arcana dice mm-hmm
oops sorry sorry winner that was the
emma2 ever mmm that that should be what
we write on everything of libras Arcana
we send out is just sorry winner
Amy touched these
not the last that from what I heard it
was stolen we still in the package
well that is that's the only way to be
safe I think it might actually still be
at our house I don't know if Thomas has
even sent those out yet so let's let's
off it's it's all right don't treat them
quick aiming going to the post office
right now is not you know not my
favorite interests oh I want to chat the
bareness let us know those coasters were
created by someone named Korah of sticky
devil who's this is a quote it's an
incredible fabricator ever lied to me so
I can't you know I can't vouch for that
but so Korah and evil a sticky devil
thank you so much for that and fairness
thank you for making that happen
those are incredible yeah yeah of course
a friend of mine and Julie's and she
I've been watching her stuff and she
makes some incredible things so if y'all
are looking for like wall decals him
whatever she check her out she's pretty
movies pretty amazing I'm sticky down
here where do we find her Facebook into
Etsy I believe yes not Google sticky
devil calm I please you know yes in
stick yeah got it as not stink
no not site I mean I suspect if I had
children that's what they would be but
remember my you know I'd love to be in
the marketing meeting where they're like
do we go a sticky devil or stinky devil
pros and cons yeah so last session
things you know things went a little
awry and Oh before we start do you have
some bits to do here Amy yes I do that's
like should I save the bits cuz it's
like I get upset if you don't let me get
to bits when you don't have them then
when I see them start coming in for you
I was like man that's okay o-line you
just reminded me that we have one more
announcement tomorrow 10:00 a.m.
tomorrow question chaos is going to be
hosting with us I'm gonna be there I'm
rivals of Waterdeep a
the podcast featuring an all-black and
person of color cast and GM are doing a
musical episode it's a it's a fundraiser
for several good charities and it is
gonna be probably insane I'm I'm trying
to imagine what would go into a musical
D&amp;D episode largely because I've heard
Nick sing but I can't like I can't
imagine I'm I'm blown away and I want to
see how they do it me too and it's
supposed to be a musical of under
mountain yeah so a musical it never ends
yeah I can only hope they're dwarves
they're just wait so--but sorry okay and
before we get to that we decided that we
were not going to necessarily do a
fundraiser tonight but if I'm gonna do
hashtag donate there are a couple did
that even work exclamation point donate
there we go so I did exclamation donate
just in case I know there's a lot of
like fundraiser and things happening but
here are a couple organizations that
Thomas and I have given to in this last
week so if people are interested just
some links where you can actually go and
give directly to those individuals on a
monthly basis if you choose to do so so
there's that but let's get to some bits
because we have more bits than Ezra has
been sad part for you is that you ended
last session down we had three yeah
that's the world the Jim the random
normal yeah absolutely so at the top of
the lineup I'm just gonna do it via to
monitory 500 to the players for Emma who
does what Emma does so I suspect there's
gonna be explosives and fire again
yeah are you kidding as soon as small
cateura says for em I was like you got
you got it I got I mean I means
everything to love grenades yes
haha and I just keep seeing Ezra's name
pop up next to the bits and really okay
but we lost Donal I know
tamago Torah also gave espera so as Roy
does get 500 from tamago Torah he's
playing both sides here that's like
betting on what's the what's the bet in
craps when you just expect everyone's
gonna fail is it I don't remember okay
what's it called
don't pass don't pass yeah all right I
just did that and somebody glared at me
failure even your mom said so okay
anyway moving on our favorite twitch
user squirrel on the run gave the
players 500 bids woman did you did you
not make banana chocolate nut bread or
whatever no I made oatmeal chocolate
chip cookies and dirt for me
oh okay so lonely Yeti
thank you very much lonely Yeti another
thousand for the players Thank You stars
tag is getting larger and then slightly
tough I think somebody else in this uh
six-up situation here needs to do some
yelling because slightly toffee have 500
Ezra as well it turns and glares
thank God Thomas doesn't give bits to us
and then the apollyon good to see you
back apollyon 504 Emma because why not
and really that's pretty much Emma's
motif and life is why not I've got
grenades why not report it he could also
have just said 500 Amba because why
equally well all right so that hang out
say one two three four five six seven
eight to the players and two to Ezra you
know what i I've used in the last two
sessions I've used morg GM inspiration
that I think I've used like the whole
rest of the run yeah we know it's great
yeah we can't find two of our players
currently so there's that she's got
yourself last episode you know some
things were said some things were done
we might all have regrets you have any I
know you don't I have no regrets
wait a minute Frodo Frodo also gave Azra
500 more stop yeah that's how he stays
Frodo the fourth and doesn't go to the
fifth already for playing paranoia he's
only got six clones so yeah last episode
you you went back and you tried to build
a case with Brady to go after whole
thing and you yeah several of you spent
a long time with madam Lin trying to get
her to go after Ho Fang long enough that
Joan and Emma decided their buddy cop
comedy needed to get going and got a
little drunk and headed off to get some
explosives and transportation from the
Japanese yeah and then got a lot drunk
and then brought those back to the hotel
and left out the drunken sword fighting
before they decided yeah like fighting
practice that's right and we you know
you had set it up so that you were going
to attack ho Fang the next day Emma and
Joan apparently we're going to attack
him today but that plan that plan got
beaten up by mostly by people passing
out I think what really saved that plan
it's just like gently keeping them
talking until they pass out and then
just keep them in their rooms but we had
the entrance of a classic Cthulhu
villain our buddy Carl Stanford who
showed up and left a present for both
Joan and for Emma in the ED in their
room
and as they as they slept these presents
turned into some form of weird paper
tentacle monster that really caused all
sorts of problems including blowing up a
floor of the hotel and starting a large
fire and we ended with a great cinematic
of Donald and Donald came back to help
Alexandre and they were trying to fight
off this this last whatever it is this
last paper beast and Donal didn't roll
so well and I rolled pretty well and he
got sucked up into whatever this piece
of paper was and it momentarily
distended so that his whole body would
fit through and then it just disappeared
and the piece of paper fluttered to the
ground right as exile it Alexandra left
at it and grabbed it and so Alexander in
your hand you have that piece of paper
grabbed grappled but you don't have
Donal oh that was method acting I have I
have bits of random paper sitting next
to me pretty much all the time it's a
random paper is like my desk so right
now Donal is in parts unknown
Flint is at Madeline's enjoying enjoying
a hot bath Emma and Joan are downstairs
with the police that the hotel detective
and explosives and a satchel of
explosives yeah and Alexandra you are on
the second floor of the hotel with just
this piece of paper coming down from the
fourth floor where you were staying
there's smoke kind of floating down
through the stairway and that's where
we'll pick it up I'm gonna look at the
paper in my hand like flip it back and
forth really fast looking at it I
remember there was an address on it
before and like symbols are those still
there there was an address the symbols
however are gone
okay I'm just like sit down really hard
on the stairs for a moment just staring
at this piece of paper just like cuts
damn it all and you know look up at the
smoke and then back down the stairs and
go we have got to have a conversation
about explosives
it's an early leader and come come down
the stairs holding the piece of paper
just like like a piece of paper in one
hand dagger and the other just shoulders
sagging in exhaustion and defeat just
like son of the Sangh and come out to
front to try and find the others
yeah so you come down and you see the
hotel detective is about to head
upstairs to figure out where this smoke
is coming from so he went up with us
last time cuz he's the reason that that
we came back was to save him that's
right he saw the thing you ran so yeah
he ran back down once he saw the monster
that's right so he is now come back
otherwise I had I hadn't decided whether
I was going back to save the innocent
guy or leave him to his fate yeah that's
right so he's at the front desk yelling
to call the police somebody help
he's freaking out at the desk can't say
as I blame him I'm gonna come and just
like sit in in I'm one of the sofas down
in the the lobby and just like my hand
might my hands hanging between my knees
just staring at the floor yeah so Emma
and Joan you see Alexandra almost
robotic Lea walk kind of plotting Lea
down the stairs and just go right to one
of those weird round sofas that is in
the middle of every like fancy old hotel
and she just sits down and she's just
staring at her hands with a piece of
paper in it yeah nowhere to be seen
okay I'm gonna go over and ask where you
know where's Donald's yep they're
fighting the fire
no and I I don't even look up I just
like hold the paper between some thumb
and forefinger and it grabbed him
the piece of paper grabbed him yeah no I
saw the tip there yeah well that's how I
got outside it dropped me on to the I'm
sitting here in this a Jonas town my
goat my gown that's ripped off on the
bottom because I had to tie up the
spider thing yeah I I'm so like my top
half is a is it is a nightgown the
bottom half is like trousers that the
nightgowns been stuffed into because I
got get woken up by Emma and yeah I
didn't have any time to grab anything
else they dropped me outside basically I
I did get rid of them but you'd say they
took Donald mm-hmm it turned into a door
of some variety of hole I don't know it
was those those oh that goes to another
room maybe but okay and then I hold up
the paper turned back into this does it
still have those signs on it no I think
it used up whatever it was that was
there to be used
I think it's point was to grab one of
one of us were more of us I'm surprised
it didn't pull you through glad but
surprised we had a tehsil I'm glad you
well alright so we're gonna have to try
to find him too now
I mean he's probably at the compound
that's my guess anyway because you said
that these papers came from Stanford and
heard works for Ho Fang is it tight the
three of you who are in the hotel lobby
none of you know where Flint is oh
that's right they looked you didn't hear
ya yeah I don't know yeah what is I
wrote down Emma doesn't know yeah about
hoping in the book Emma
yeah I write down all the things Emma
doesn't know just to make sure speaking
of things that emma does know is that LD
brat 502 the players because everyone
else is giving to Emma why not and then
chloral if I'm saying this right is a
thousand to the players we get three
more on our quest to save Donal but
we're up to 11 thank you guys correct me
if I'm wrong but Claire L sounds like a
new name so I don't recognize that name
is it now that that is that's also I
believe not encyclopedic thank you so
much and if you're new welcome and if
you're not still welcome so yeah at this
point if you haven't noticed you will
notice that emma is cradling that
backpack for full of five grenades and
also I look in it does it also have the
papers yeah okay it's it's Silvano's
old satchel okay so I roll up down
Andrea and I'm just like I might need
some pants
is there any way we can get the stuff
from from our rooms do you think we can
get anything out
well my name's mine exploded both ways I
need choose to you by the way I'm not
gonna make the reference to what that is
but it exploded both in and out fair
enough
we're we're similar sized if any of my
things have survived you can borrow them
thank you I'm going upstairs I don't
care I need to put some shoes on I can't
go silvano and Donnell without shoes I'm
gonna fold up the paper very carefully
and slip it into my into my pocket and
be like yeah let's
where's Flynn now Oh Flynn said Madame
looms oh he's not in his room I was
palpable I was pounding on his door to
yell to get him out
yeah no Madame Madame Lin offered us
accommodation as if we wanted them but I
figured Emma would want and it literally
anything else so I didn't bring it up
yeah okay all right up to the fourth
floor yeah and then move it moving on
that speed to try and get stuff out of
there yep yep
well you'll you'll get up there before
anyone else because the hotel detective
wants no part of going up those stairs
the fourth floor is a mess there is
smoke pouring out of Emma's room which
may or may not be on fire at this point
there is doors torn open
Jones door has been ripped open and
there is yeah it's the people who the
people who the other people who are
staying on the fourth floor have all
gone this this floor seems totally empty
all right I'm gonna go in grab what we
can and Donald stuff too yeah Donald
Donald duffle bag at the very least
because that should have been on the
stairs or somewhere nearby because he
went back and got that that's part of
why we were still up there was writing
back to get the duffel bag Alexandre
back to help him we met the hotel
detective he got nabbed I was gonna be
back to help him Donald came back to
help her it was it's a whole thing
yeah meanwhile I'm just trying to put
paints on enough so what is the what is
the
I answer about explosives or pants right
now what is what is the fire situation
in our various rooms like does Emma
still have a room not really 98 exploded
in there most of the furniture has been
splintered there is very little
salvageable
in there if it's not burning it's the
smoke is bad there is a fire in in that
room yeah not a fire that concerns any
of you your your old had it this sort of
thing but it's you know the certifier
that hotels frown upon and but the other
rooms
Jones room has been torn up just because
of the fight that went on there and and
that sort of thing but the other rooms
are in reasonably good shape for Donna
Jones room as well after I get my pants
on
Emma shoes well my Apple swords we need
to get out yeah so yeah I'll grab
everything that it's in my room I can
fit it all into a duffel throw my duffel
over one shoulder and Donald's over the
other sure do we have a recommendation
for a new hotel literally anywhere but
here I mean you'd never know this could
be the first time in history that the
second hotel is also the third hotel I
mean they might let us stay well we're
currently at where the crowds Peter yes
you're at the growth so maybe we go back
to the pearl I don't think they've done
anything heinous there yet Flint is in
like a hot stone which is great except
for that gorilla that's staring it you
got a new friend oh yeah that was the
other thing that we found out last time
is that the gorillas are people that's
right yes John Corbett and somebody oh
god what was the Portuguese guys at
least Andrew do you literally say the
girl is our people I was like I know we
all like animals but no I mean literally
people that have been transformed by a
curse or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
of your Salazar I think it was and and
the what one of them is was a Portuguese
fellow who apparently has gone insane
and the time that he's been in gorillas
and the other one is an Englishman who's
done his best to keep the stiff upper
lip I think he's gone insane but you
know I knew Madame Lin knows more than
she was allowing I allow it a lot what
leading on - yes yes alluding to yeah I
mean how would she have human gorillas
and again I don't even ask me how that
works
just hanging about without being into
some sort of witchcraft
the English fellows that was insinuating
that she doesn't know that he and his
companion worked very hard to not give
it away he can see he can speak but he
only spoke to us and was very careful to
clam up as soon as Madame Lin or anyone
else of her people came into the room or
introduced is the worst hangover I long
time I can't believe what I'm hearing
I have I have only marginal sympathy I
mean it is Monday it isn't really Monday
but seriously seriously we are saying
that that the gorillas they have lives
spirits of people inside of them is that
what we're saying they were they found
they found an ancient temple that was
dedicated to some gorillas God and they
killed an ancient God an ancient gorilla
there and they were turned into it as
and there are they're effectively
immortal and because they are the God so
well and they and they begged us to kill
them I declined on the basis of what if
what if then I turn into a gorilla no
thank you
you know there's there's some been some
kind of rumors about those kind of gods
but I don't have I don't have anything
specific about that something we should
find out as well I'd be interested to
see what you can turn up but he is well
he he and his friend are willing to help
us storm her fangs which I'm suddenly
far more interested in that yes agreed
so she was about this good I'm just
curious how did she get the gorillas
that's an excellent question I didn't
need to find out
I mean I don't entirely want to know but
I want to know well I will say it's
pretty late at night and that would be a
safe place to stay I think we should I
think it's the safer bet to burn ho
fangs place down get Donald back mark
straight call the troops March straight
to Silvano we are wasting too much time
and our compatriots are in precarious
positions let's go as I like pull my
sword out of my pajamas I'm gonna reach
over and put put a hand on her wrist and
say believe me the last thing that I
want to do is hang around and wait the
first thing that I want to do is go and
climb ho fangs compound wall and go deal
with this myself but that is suicide I
put I pull a grenade out and put one in
your hand guys we can't be just doing
this here people might come up let's
let's let's go nobody's coming up here
the the hotel is on fire great scene on
firemen we might get somebody up here
you should go downstairs we should get
out of here yes I'm gonna like gingerly
handle that the grenade and very
carefully put it into my into my bag
like wrapping clothes so yes I have I
have a grenade now great that's not
something that would come back and bite
me in the ass nope can I get one of
Donald's guns I seem to have misplaced
mine in my room there's a bag full of
guns from Donna yeah no I totally get
changed because I'm not gonna wander
around and I'm not wandering around in
the night gown anymore because I've
already gotten accosted a few times so
yeah and I've completely changed and all
that stuff which you just go grab our
stuff too I mean oh yeah we did oh yes
we grabbed things when do we want it
ready do we want to redistribute guns
now or wait till we get to a safer wait
till we get to a safe place let's go so
safer than a hotel on fire not what
that's Emma's natural habitat we have
set on fire so I'm just saying who's
here besides us right now
this is absolutely safe and I'm sure I
hear like timber
crumbling somewhat mm-hmm crackle of
fire do we go to the pearl or do we go
to Madame lens
I vote for Lyon lens let's go oh thanks
not tonight
we we we need we need we need the backup
we Madame Linda Schmidt Madame Lin is
going to send 20 people with us and the
guerrillas to give it to help us get
through and where and and that will be
our that'll be a better bet the wall is
8 Philippe is 8 feet tall by itself I'm
a pretty that's why I got the bicycle
for as you stand on the seat to get over
I'm good never mind how good is your
balance because I would have difficulty
with that
have you seen me drunk start fighting
yes it's terrifying and kind of awesome
yeah I'm this close to asking for more
important instruction but no I got to go
to Madame is we've got to get Flint
we've got to get her we've got to get
everything and be as strong as we can to
kick those bastards on I mean if we want
to try and go at it tonight after after
gathering what we can and whom we can
sure but but we need to have more than
just the four of us because I'm no
offense you two aren't combatants you
Lily maybe you'll be real good you'll be
real good at hucking grenades but when
it gets down to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] source I adjust
the bag of grenades put the sword back
in its sheath
and load the gun and try and figure out
where to put it in the pants no you
aren't you you are actually more
terrifying than I am and I'm trained at
this am I should I should start smoking
a cigar make me luck rules see way down
what is the what's the hotel police
officer's name again oh shoot filter
what they look at dong okay my best
friend and yes cool
yeah in 27 out of 47 I'm good yes you
guys you guys easily leave before you're
down in the lobby before the cops arrive
you can leave and head to the Pearl or
wherever you want to so I'm I went out
I'm just like hey mr. dong
I just pat him on the back a bit like
you got this see you later he's like
he's afraid he's gonna get fired but he
doesn't he's like thank you he doesn't
really even look up yeah I'm gonna like
like pat him on the shoulder as well as
I pass by and just be like I'm so sorry
let's gonna pay for all this bono we'll
figure it out if we can get him back
well I mean hopefully the hotel is
insured yeah yeah is this a terrorist
attack yes a good guess yes
this is terrible well it might be
connected to something with Ho Fang
that's a name that I've heard kicking
around a lot lately we pay him not to do
this sort of thing maybe not enough you
can't even trust a criminal these days I
wish we could use your phrases work damn
it
Allison so yeah you guys head out and
where are you heading to I'm strongly
voting for madam Linz because we need to
collect Flint and if we can get people
up and mobilize tonight strike while the
iron's hot so to speak before we go we
do have some things that are still in
the safe here oh that's right
that's a mystery and yes we need to get
that there's a box and I think the other
half of the I am like yes oh god yes yes
and my and my calling of the crab sword
that the staff oh yeah those are all in
a case here we should take that with us
I agree we don't come back here yeah all
right so yeah you go to register you
know the the registration desk we'll
take that all out for you interdict they
ask if you're checking out no yeah I am
I mean like grab every by the shoulder
and say
I think we're still here they might not
look any further I'm getting confused by
the workday so no no this is this is
that we we just have some things to do
and we'll see you later
I literally now have a sword a bag of
grenades a gun in a carpet that's what I
feel like I'm carrying like just a
tapestry over my shoulder prints no you
start it now no we've got we've got that
nice box that has the stuff in it so
don't worry about that
yeah so yeah you great you you make it
out before this you you grab a cab where
is the cab headed Adam lens now Minsk
okay sorry Allah you pull up at madam
lens it's now about 11:30 on the night
of the 27th not as late as I thought it
was I know is there someone at the gate
or do we start like there's someone at
the gate and they they all know Emma so
like here you are yes we could point
point to them and the front and center
and the guy will go like oh yes of
course your rooms are waiting and okay
I'll take you to a very nice suite you
you come into a room and like Flint is
like in a sit laying on a couch with his
legs up just like idly flipping through
a book in Chinese that there's no way he
can read you look comfortable they stink
like smoke and not like cigarette smoke
they stink of like there was a fire way
too close to them and as you can see
that like Joan is Jones got scratches on
her and things like that as does
Alexandra am i fast is that what emma
has a backpack that is clearly full of
grenades yep I'm also not wearing socks
with these shoes so that might also what
the real question that I have is does
she look sober this time no I'm it's
Emma
really sober she's a super as you've
ever seen her and Donnell is nowhere to
be seen
you should put those grenades somewhere
safe you should never sleep with your
explosives the only way they're gonna
stay safe you could put them in safes
they would be safe mm-hmm
this is my shocked face because it's a
good chunk I wonder why I brought up not
sleeping with explosives it wasn't just
the explosive wasn't just the explosives
we did get contacted by somebody who
knew a little bit more about about
making I don't know at runes than we
do
and we were attacked by two spider
things and those are the things that
took Donnell away they like opened a
portal and sucked him in so we've got to
figure out how to get him back wait that
was all very disjoint wait who right so
something someone named Stanford is is
connected to hoping he is apparently the
person who knows more stuff then then
how Fang does he left a couple pieces
the one saw a lookout are you talking
about him yes the Caucasian fellow and
I'm gonna pull out the piece of paper
and hold it out and say he left two
pieces of paper with an address do you
want to go I wish we had done that
beforehand I really did
there's always now well they don't have
the symbols on them anymore that they
used to Oh
let down our guard then here's the
problem I don't know anything about
these things and I don't know if
stabbing it or burning it would make it
so that we can't get Donald back through
it there were blue or purplish blue
tentacle things that came out of this
and dried early
yeah which sounds utterly insane but
you've seen strange things so whatever
no headless pilot the same if the
we don't know if that it the portal is
still could be activated from this and
it's it could be the poor pathetic still
on it then we don't want it activated
from that we want to go find him at home
fangs and that's probably where he is is
that the compound papers to be safe can
I pull I'm gonna pull out the picture of
how Fang or whatever use your the bag
everyone goes no and I pulled the
picture of Ho Fang where the concierge
wrote his address on the back of it for
me and I take it over to Alexandra and
find out are these the same address are
these the same numbers I don't know but
I don't even have to look I've been to
that address ah yeah same one okay
okay so legitimately we could burn this
and I still nowhere I still have
directions
yes and I and well in Flint and I have
been there okay so are we sure he's
there and not in the other portal realm
if he's not there then someone there
will know where he is and we find them
and we deal with them until until they
tell us where he is
sounds like a plan now let's bring those
papers I agree where with grenades is
there an open flame anywhere in the
immediate area
yeah there's a fireplace cool I'll walk
over and toss the paper into it after
like looking at it for a moment just
like good idea don't know
toss it i brace for the paper screaming
as do they scream no but is it your
imagination or is there like a flare of
purple and in the in the flame that
comes up when those things hit the
fireplace I'm making a lot of faces so I
feel like I made the wrong choice there
I thought there was some sympathetic
magic there but at that point madam
our esteemed hostess yeah I take it you
are all going to take advantage of my
hospitality then if we could that would
be very nice of course wait a minute I
thought we were going to get home
tonight I'm sorry we were attacked in in
the in the hotel we and I like pull my
clothes away a little bit in there was
I'm squinting Joseph's and a fire and
very weird things that happened they
took Donal
I don't know who that is
a friend of ours he was he was the other
man who was here with me earlier design
I find Ben someone interesting fair
enough
well whatever help I can offer you is
yours I personally think that doing
something during the day is actually
safer most of most of her fangs activity
is at night but of course I'm not the
one that goes around blowing up hotels
so why don't you tell me how you wish to
proceed and I'll do whatever I can to
help you my my concern is that he is in
Ho fangs hands and standford's hands and
I don't know what they intend to do with
him or any of us that they would have
caught I'll get dressed and I would
prefer to move as quickly as possible
however so tired if he's in Stanford's
hands he might be at that warehouse that
I sent you to he might be in that casket
thing
why back in five minutes with clothes on
right now Donald's wearing like this
like dragon robe this like red dress no
no please clean house it I was in a
world of her not comfortable wherever he
is you might be that's worth checking
I it's gonna take me some time to get
the resources together we got the
gorillas right now don't you yes Tonto
nanping are I can certainly bring them
but I'm concerned that the four of you
and Tonto nanping will not it won't go
well and the only way this works is if
you win if you lose I'm dead so do we go
to the other warehouse tonight and see
if we can find Donald no and then do no
thanks tomorrow well the concern with
with going to the to the warehouse is if
Donnell is there it was like it was less
than an hour ago
Stanford is there doing things if
Donnell is there and he may be backed up
by there were a lot of people in and out
of that compound shoot so either way
it's it's going to be an attack and
there were not many ways into and out of
that warehouse one in fact if I remember
correctly and the skylight I think yeah
there's a map in your in that Google
Talk that I'm sure of the warehouse
own out of the warehouse area oh maybe I
have a map of the warehouse
sorry simple in its description though I
don't think yeah our so what are our
options
our options are to go a full frontal
attack with the four of us maybe six of
us if we get the girl
I glanced over at the window a
full-frontal attack even with to
effectively immortal gorillas is suicide
yeah and that won't do us or Donnell any
any good so as well as effectively
immortal oh it's a didn't you say they
were gods you told us that I'm still
getting changed but if you remember back
actually it was a she assigned someone
to us and he told us that they were gods
I I figured that came from her but I
don't right I don't remember exactly
Thank You mr. Wu I'm impressed at what
at the details that you remember Amy
he's an important figure in my life
right now I'm thinking he's the one who
can like actually do things or no so and
I will say flat out this is not my
favorite option but I think waiting
until we can get the 20 people that you
talked about with us Madeline is going
to be our best option to rescue Donnell
and not die or get him killed and an
idea oh you go on let's just make an
appointment to talk to hoping he can
appointment to talk to whole thing I
mean Stanford showed up yesterday that's
his name right Stanford that's and I'd
look at Stanford ups it what yeah and he
wanted to talk I mean the the point of
that was to leave the evil calling card
behind but I could have gone with him at
that point in time if I wasn't so hung
over
you were still hung over is not the
right word and I chose not to and so he
gave me the card because I probably said
no but I could have gone with him and I
could just ring him and just be like
I've been having a lovely time at madam
Linds now and I'd like to come in
see what you have just actually I just
looked scratched at Madeline's thing
never mind that way I just love to hear
my name on your lips though anyway would
you like put your hand out like that she
brings her lips forward and you know I'm
gonna let that go I was gonna be like
and then I just like do this gently and
then kind of look hard so I walk in now
with two two rifles I'm just saying is
that whole Fang could lead to have a
legitimate reason to meet with us don't
ask me what it is I mean Stanford wanted
to meet with us why don't we just meet
with him and then we're in the door did
I did I hear the warehouse we going to
the warehouse first but he sent those
things he sent those things and if
hoping in Stanford are working closely
together they know that they have one of
ours so does anyone use rifles am i
putting one of these back that's an even
better idea
we go in and then backup comes from the
in just like my hotel room inside
outside does then we we we do it
tomorrow when we can get the 20 people
and the gorillas did the warehouse the
problem the problem with the warehouse
is that if we go to the warehouse now
and Donnell and Stanford are there there
is a very high possibility that they
will be backed up by a lot of other
people and there's one way in and out
and the skylight although if you can get
up on the roof and shoot through the
skylight that would be a thing I know a
gorilla who could get us on the roof you
know no a gorilla that's a fair point
the motion towards the windows Oh Tom
tonin ping of course I mean what are the
chances what a coincidence if you knew a
gorilla as well yeah well oh this is a
stupid idea but check behind it already
what is it so am i but the real question
here by putting one of these rifles back
have you any good with a rifle no I can
shoot a rifle I'm not great at it but if
we're going into the if we're doing the
skylight working with the rifles might
be a better idea I'll hand you one and
just before you fire exhale hold your
breath pull the trigger
you sound like Donnell you condescending
anyway so you're not spending the night
here tonight then well we might come
back most successfully we will be
spending the night here and they don't
go successfully we may also be spending
the night here though I don't think we
have anywhere else to go if we don't
come back it's probably a very bad sign
yours here's my question do we all go
yes even if some of us are just outside
with some sort of transportation mmm
good point when things go wrong that is
a good point what happens if this is
just a reconnaissance mission and we go
take a look so we had to look at that
warehouse do I remember any like way
to get up onto the roof the skylight
there was a skylight it was but it was
like a two-story tall a fairly high
warehouse
there was no like ladder or anything
like that oh I better go Ella could just
throw you up there I don't like being
thrown we do not we do not throw the
knife lady why can't we just why can't
somebody ride on the back of the gorilla
up to the skylight take a look in and
just come back down you've twisted my
arm oh wait no I know that nevermind hmm
what don't you know I might be reminded
didn't Flint last time like want to in
don't have the american jacket yeah I
can't help but notice that most of your
plans seem to involve my guerrillas if
you have a grappling hook I'll settle
for that I don't know how to use it I'll
probably break my neck okay well you did
offer us the usage so that's something
that's in our minds of things that we
can use
you can politely decline that's and that
is certainly with within your within
your right you did you did say that if
there was any way that you could help us
and this is a way that we have thought
of all I need is for Emma to ask nicely
what what was happening I was facing I
I'm sorry I was thinking about flint
riding on a gorilla I just that's all I
was thinking was the gorilla climbing to
the skylight with flint on his back and
a rifle I just was like in this fantasy
world of all the excitement what's
happening you would think of me like you
you should have a grenade too next one
not this one I'm gonna I'm gonna take a
pass on the warehouse yes for the siege
on ho fangs
okay well if Emma asked me nicely of
course implement ping will I think this
is integral to our stealthiness madam
Lin if you could please this would be so
exciting so exciting I've never seen
such fire in your eyes yes yes of course
she pulls out that whistle that little
recorder kind of whistle and she blows a
tune and very quickly a paper door is
pulled aside and took to it in ping
lumber in
I miss tonton the not crazy one yes all
right I'm going over to I'm going over
to him
all right and Madame Lin goes over to
them and she taught she talks to them
kind of like you know she's talking to a
foreign language speaker she's like loud
and slow and like go with them
do what she and she points at Emma do
what she says okay is that it how do we
get there with two gorillas oh you want
a car as well well unless you think just
riding the gorillas all the way to that
warehouse is a great idea I have no
doubt that Tonto nanping are stealthy
enough to not be noticed at night I'm
not sure about the four of you well then
should we give in just directions and
then meet them there that would probably
work okay tell me where you going to the
winter house he grabs two tons like
caller 473 dragon lane oh I was just
gonna roll out a map I mean that's still
gonna be rough for them can I get out of
map and let it yeah sure yeah Anton and
I'll just be like okay here's how I you
know I take this Street down here go
this way I've checked out this this
looks like this is gonna be the
smoothest bathroom so if you could meet
us here she looks she's like the whole
time kind of looking at you but
musically like you know like you're
explaining algebra to a cat or something
I'm also still somewhat confused in the
fact that everybody's expecting to just
give like an address to a gorilla yeah
detention he'll take the map and he like
folds it out don't we need a truck or
something to get us all over there
Madeline says that they know the town so
we can meet them there as long as we
have a car to get us there with
reasonable stuff they're quite good at
moving around the city unseen okay we
call from a cab here can we call for a
cab and just yes I'll have the front
gate have a cab for you thank you very
much so yeah 29 ping will disappear back
into the bamboo and they say they'll
meet you there well and you guys get in
a cab and you you were heading there you
would swear a few times during the time
that you you you think you see like a
gorilla jumping from roof to roof moving
incredibly quickly this is very Spider
Man and I love it and and you you pull
up the the warehouse is dark doesn't
seem like there's anyone in there but as
you recall the back room was where the
skylight ended yeah there was no
skylight into the back room mm-hmm so we
might just have to you're good at
picking locks it was Donald good at
picking cotton Donald was the one who's
good at picking locks I can't it just
takes me a while so you you've now
gotten out of the cab and you're
tonton drops down next to you Oh
excellent
so I'm gonna go up and see if we can
come to an if you would be is so kind to
get me to the top of the roof to where
the skylight is ideally I could run at
you mm-hm I'm not certain I can throw
you that far not not not there a
non-throwing wait what are we hearing
and we talked to Marilla is like in a
posh British accent this gorilla is just
like and then like when he sees that he
goes Oh evening ma'am
like I said people who are gorillas okay
so that made sense that he now has a map
and directions you know maybe maybe we
can go for coffee later
well I drinker myself or I don't mind a
spot of ale I'm alright oh god it's been
months since I've had English ale anyway
well nice to meet you sir
Oh charmed I'm sure I should tell you
ping sorry sorry Salazar I'm a little
worried how often I call him that you
know the only name you hear Salazar is
already up on the roof he's taking a
look around at things he's quite mad you
know Oh what do you think is the best
way to get me up there well if you
don't mind a piggyback ride I think
twist my arm I think he was rather
counting on that you're just hearing
giggle so you see you you like have your
arms around his neck and you're starting
to climb up and he's like you wouldn't
be that hard to slip me all throat while
we were doing this well then then I'd
fall to my death potentially if you
landed on me you'd crush me it's only
two stories and and you you'd release me
from my eternal curse look I'll make you
a deal I will help you as he stopped
climbing yeah yeah like you're halfway
up oh I'll make you a deal I'll help you
with this attack on her fangs area
tomorrow and then you'll kill me I look
I hate to be a Rotter about this but
either I help you and you'll kill me or
I'm going to kill you oh sorry
really it's nothing personal I was gonna
get you a nail - this is this is hurtful
look more than a nail I want release
from my eternal curse well we haven't
started the assault yet so I don't have
to you don't have to be hasty about this
no no I'm not gonna kill you until
tomorrow after we're done if you haven't
killed me you knows maybe you'll get
lucky and I'll die some other way oh
that would be tragic
oh oh
that's for the best I want to die and
let me tell you Salizar I'm not sure how
much longer he's gonna stay human I just
don't think right now is the best place
to have this conversation
oh I'm I think don't worry I'm quite
strong I've got no he starts doing like
pull-ups from this tree you see the
gorillas like Star Trek one-arm pull-ups
we might have a friend in there who's
being tortured right now so I'm a little
distracted oh no you have a friend who's
gone through an hour of torture oh no
it's almost like he hasn't spit it
Germany big gorilla is he shouting that
you hear that lad you hear a voice go
like eternity being a gorilla if you can
see my face I'm looking down mouthing
the words man look I've given you a very
simple oh why me why well if they want
to kill me anyone who wants to I just
need the sweet release of death let's
let's see if we get back Donal I think
he'd be very grateful if he was rescued
and he might be willing to do the deed
you know it's an uncleared gray area
what would happen if I took one of those
grenades would that count is someone
else killing me see I was actually
thinking of like a guillotine set up
with like a candle on a rope so I didn't
actually do it no the curse is quite
clear someone else has to kill me to
release me from the curse I can't kill
myself
if you were holding a grenade but I took
the pin off of it is that like a gray
area it is a gray area
I'm I'm open to experimentation okay
okay
I just got really done we can certainly
try some things I can at least promise
you that I am I am concerned about
directly murdering you well that's
that's incredibly insensitive of you as
a as a man I'm asking you a favor
man-to-man look it's fine it's fine just
know that if tomorrow after this whole
assault thing goes good however it goes
you have not killed me I will kill you
hmm so we go save your friend Oh glitz
all right
he climbs up Salazar this is not like I
imagined
Salazar all the sudden the second
gorilla looks over the edge of that take
like snarling just looks over the thing
is good lord man and he climbs up a new
order now on the roof with Salazar and
Corbett oh Jesus yes can I see anything
through the skylight so the skylight is
in the it looks like everything inside
there is dark there is no light no
cracks like the light coming through the
door of the back room you know because
you've been here that there is that back
room but you don't see like light coming
through that is there any opening to the
skylight ah could we open that up and
drop down and then I can open it from
the inside for for them yeah do you want
us to open it up for you yes please all
right Salazar open that Salazar runs up
and just rips about ten feet of the
skylight just off of the wall and then
throws it over all of you make me decks
roles as a 10-foot section of skylight
comes flying over I I got a critical
success
so Joan in a beautiful moment like
Emma's just looking up and this skylight
is like flying at her and John goes no
and pushes Emma out of the way and crash
as yeah a lot of skylight hits you
I'm gonna like go over and send start
like trying to pry it off pull it off of
her glass is you know shattered there's
still like the there's a metal kind of
wireframe that it was based around that
his stool is still there and Salazar
turns around and he's like and I want to
do first date on Joan to see if I can't
help her a little bit all right make me
roll if you two are looking for a chance
to die they'd be through that door over
there is 15 out of 48 is a hard success
yeah all right so Joan you get three
points back oh you're welcome
thank you is there is there someone in
there that can kill us why possibly
using dark magics if you're going down
can you help me get down as well so I
can let them in through the door well I
mean I'm just gonna jump down what
happened if I was on your back when you
jump down that'd be horrible for me you
can brace for the impact pretty well
right sure I mean it doesn't it's not
gonna hurt me oh let's give it a try
so you wrap your arms around and hold
on for dear life
Salizar jumps first and there is a bump
as he hits the ground and then Corbett
says Corbett says you know about 200
years ago in Borneo I jumped off a seven
hundred foot cliff headfirst
didn't die that's amazing if you see
Donnell in there the fellow from before
when we met earlier don't kill him
please I don't want to kill anyone else
I want people to kill me if I kill him
he can't kill me that's true
I'm only threatening to kill you as an
ultimatum for this whole deal
you understand it's it's merely
contractual it's very effective oh well
I appreciate that it you know i I've
I've gained out many scenarios it's been
quite a while since I've had the
opportunity so I even have someone kill
me
I'm very excited I wish I could share in
your enthusiasm no we I could help with
that all you have to do is kill me he
leaps down and yeah no problem you
you'll and there's a you know and then
you can go and open the door and let
them in swings open this isn't how I
expected it to go Jones got like glass
cuts now cut everywhere neck seems like
sticking plaster all over him if I don't
kill him he's gonna kill me well well
well maybe he'll die in the assault
tomorrow yes isn't it is it wrong to
miss a very good hearing no murder under
my breath and Italian it's not
complimentary I speak Italian
I'd rather figured you did I speak
French
I'm fish and yes I am Tim there's a bee
thing times we learned many languages
schools today right I'm gonna walk in
and walk past him toward it let's give
you the door if there's any like if
anyone is in here they have heard a
gorilla yell yeah yeah modern education
system I'm gonna get ready with the
rifle for when the door swings open to
the area where we saw the
chamber from before all right you know
you could just point that at the back of
my head what it would it would one of
you Emma or or Joan be willing to open
the door I say as I pull out was going
towards the door
I'm already messed up yeah the star
unless someone stops him Salazar just
starts walking up to the door and he's
like he's frothing alright I'm a little
concerned he might take out Donal if
he's in there so Salazar will walk up
and he will rip the door off its hinges
and then he will go he just sort of
plunges into the darkness the back room
is totally unlit is there any light
stream it's heaven coming in but there
was light coming from there no there was
no light coming from there
the last time you were in here there was
one lamp that held him down that was
like swinging so presumably there's a
light switch switch somewhere Salazar
seems uninterested in it he has plunged
in Corbett says you know if you are
worried about anyone in there you might
forget in there he is quite mad you know
I'm gonna go in and like yet see feel
around looking looking for a light
switch all right so you enter the room
yes so entering the room Imperius p.m.
asks that there's just a like a terrible
feeling of ominous dread and I and that
same horrible smell of like old blood
body odor all of that and make me a luck
roll let's see if you went the right
direction for the light switch a forty
one out of 47 all right yeah so you go
aways you hit the light switch and right
as you hit the light switch
you see Salazar about to pick up that
Courbet is like shambling in gorillas
lies and he goes oh no no put it down
Salazar
put it down and he left
puts it down and there's a figure in
that glass case I'm running over there
as fast as I can get there I go in and
I'm looking around for something else
yeah I see legs and you're going this
room there is going last case nothing on
the ceiling now you spend you spend a
good time checking around
I mean it's dark up there but you you're
pretty sure there's nothing there inside
the glass case and remember this case is
like a body with its arms out its legs
down there's dried blood all over it
info 8 actually you have a picture of
this thing Oh makers it's oh yeah I see
now I see a glare yeah there we go
hard to make up oh this rounds thanks I
hate it and so in that case is Donald
lying there and his eyes are open but
they're all white shoot and again
everywhere on him there are like if he
if he were to move he would be cut by
blades and I think it's Joan and
D'Amato seems to be missing a pinkie mm
yeah I got 16 yeah Donal is missing a
pinkie no we got people out of this last
time yes I I was able to get the kid out
last time so you take the bottom and
I'll take the top lift got it there
carefully yes and just like lift it like
between us I imagine would go a bit
faster because last time I was doing it
myself
these are offers to help yes
no no that's okay because in here you
you get him out and Donnell you come to
and I'm and I'm like crouched over him
like almost no like right over him get
away from me
get away from me no no what are you
doing here trying to save you but
getting you out Oh is he still here
right now just leave me
you got a hard six you got a really good
success on the spot hidden right yes I
did Donald where his pit where his pinky
was cut off it looks like a wound
there's days old like it's he it's it's
starting to heal Donald like make him
you tells you the code word that you
told him earlier and like well it's him
that's something at least how long do
you think you've been here doesn't
matter no it does it how long do you
think you've been here kind of matters
it's been too long
agreed but no we're gonna get you out of
here we get you we're gonna fix you up
I'm sorry what do you mean it doesn't
matter isn't of course it matters
it's there's something he did I don't
there's a scar burn or something on the
back of my neck like I'm gonna reach I'm
gonna like cut back up his in his head
and the back of his head in my hand and
like lift him up a little bit so I can
look there is a brand on the back of his
neck some symbol that you don't
recognize wait you've Cthulhu Mythos you
could roll I certainly could I just that
glass case a cult wouldn't help with
this huh you go up and you smash start
to smash the case yes it's really
excited Alan Barrett Salazar walks up
and he just starts like smash
seeing the case with you like yeah good
job we should have done this the first
time I'm like get Donnell away from the
Smashing the dragging no I'm sure he
I don't know I just know that what's
your fine to me he wanted you to find me
he brought you here he took he guided
you here you were supposed to find me
well we did
we're already we're already two fifths
compromise why not add a third if you
think for a single second Donnell
Concannon that I'm leaving you behind
you don't know me at all I don't know I
don't know what this means
it's could we take him to the hospital
it's there he told me that you'll find
me you he knew you find me with this
being an opportune time
pardon me to ask you to kill me we
really need you for the assault tomorrow
ah right right sorry sorry forget I said
anything obviously very emotional moment
sorry couldn't continue cauterizing it
would do anything to its its highly
cauterized banknotes what this does mate
maybe we find him he explains I don't
know I don't know before whatever it
means maybe it's like the two of you
that have the thing in your hand the
eyes maybe he sees well we have two
gorillas and five grenades do we go
tonight where are we going
Oh fangs compound
I'm not leaving you here Donnell you're
coming with us buddy
we got a duffel bag for you yeah I pull
out Don I pull out the gun that I have
and just say what's her name it's a it's
doesn't exist I don't know I mean a 2 to
5 does a thing okay
then I put it back do I so I look at the
back of his neck is there something that
would indicate to Emma that he's the
real Donald versus the non Donald
knowing what what's her name what
Stanford /mo Fang did to my little buddy
what was his name again I want to say
William home but that's not it I'll give
you me a spot hidden rule okay and for
what it's worth Donnell and I
established a code word and he said the
right word I'm totally angry that
usually have a code word and I don't
have a code word thanks a lot also he's
missing a pinkie okay but they made a
duplicate I think they'd make a whole
one I got a hard success it this really
seems like Donald encourages of you know
when when the when the when the when the
fake we Lynn was involved you know he
was a lot personality wasn't it all the
same and this seems very much like Donal
okay all right so I'm like Fiona okay
cool put it back my pants we established
a code word because we were afraid
they'd turn it but they'd make a
duplicate of me I didn't figure I'd have
to use it the other direction now we
can't just stand around here guys we got
to get out of here before somebody comes
back they want to know in chat what
finger was left of Silvano I can't I
think the Solano's pointer thing
really yeah I'm pretty sure they're
trying to get a hold hand it was his
left hand it was we eventually gonna
find a Frankenstein monster that has
come from the what was it look man do it
didn't do it do we make an assault
tonight and try to catch him off guard
with very limited numbers or do we wait
until tomorrow morning when we can have
five grenades two guerrillas five of us
and 20 of Madeline's men we've also the
suicide mission the rest of us don't
want to die as well as the thing that's
selfish yeah these guerrillas really I
think they prefer the increased odds of
death I've only lived 27 years not you
know 400 and whatever I'd like to have a
chance to live a few more yeah
compromise the longer way ticket
multi-monitor if we do it now or later
maybe now is this better for whatever is
good what do they think we're gonna do
next
no whole thing and Stanford Stanford
knows you're going to find me he knew
you were he told me you were going to
find me and he was very happy about it
Tom he specifically used the phrase the
long game he has something in mind for
not tomorrow I don't know something
future I don't know the long the long
game he says something bad we heard the
long game before from anybody I I hate
that I'm about to say the sentence but
I'm gonna try Cthulhu Mythos to see if I
can't make heads or tails of that symbol
alright you take a look at the brand do
you think about it alright
can't do it a cult role yeah hey Cole
hmm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did you make it yes it was not
sex
[Music]
to make some up don't offer me that roll
oh yeah
so when you you run your hand over that
thing and it is warmer than the rest of
his body and it is it's not it feels
like skin but it doesn't feel like his
skin and it doesn't seem like a tattoo
this is all very mysterious to you the
symbol the symbol has something to do
with niala photo yes and I'm like
shudder just does it feel like a skin
graft like someone else's skin applied
to his other than the word someone yes
fair enough but it's it's not it's not
his skin it's like a an alien skin
planted on to his that's yeah that is
through it is not his skin I have a
suggestion and I don't think you're
going to like it I'll listen what is it
this seems like a transplant or a graft
of some variety we might be able to
remove it not also sharp enough well
also we could do the ritual of
transference again transfer it onto what
or who one of the guerrillas would it
kill me
possibly or it would turn you into a
regular person what and Donnell into a
gorilla
I just what it might just transfer your
immortality Alexander what do you think
it it means what is this it's it's
connected to the person whose name we
don't speak I'm not exactly sure how but
it's very warm and it feels like it's
attached to you not like it's your skin
not like not like someone applied a
brand to you but like someone attached a
cloth or a skin patch on to your skin
[Music]
yes I mean we don't have to transfer it
to the gorillas we can transfer it to
how Fang we can transfer it to there's a
couple things you do could transfer it
back to Stanford if you don't kill me I
volunteer actually that's an interesting
idea because I'm very concerned that
that's another tracking device from
Stanford and if we can connect with
Stanford via we at least a know the
connection and B can we send him
something a little gift perhaps or I can
try cutting it off of you which was
there's a big part of the back of his
neck missing well last I checked you
need the back of your neck it's just
skin oh there's a great deal of
vertebrae and no connections there you
know I've been reading a lot of
anatomical books in my spare time I'm
gonna stand up and just very casually
troll a troll my dagger and be like Oh
believe me I understand exactly where
where the vertebrae are and how to
disconnect them from each other in the
most logical way possible sir
go on humans anyway don't know about
gorillas see you should have asked her I
started to realize that yes there's
still time to change your mind is
me anyone who wants to kill me I'm quite
welcome let's discuss this when we're
somewhere a little bit safer where there
isn't the remnants of a glass coffin on
the floor
how long was I here well that rules out
madame Lynne's house about an hour and a
half maybe two hours you said there was
a glass coffin at Madame's Lynne's house
does it look identical to this one oh no
no sorry what she sleeps in a glass
coffin oh I mean not like this one it's
much nicer talk that up to things we
would have found out if Emma had gone a
little further mm-hmm do you think she's
a vampire oh I've met vampires I was
just being facetious oh do tell go on oh
there's a let me tell you I met in the
French Revolution Paris there was a
wonderful man by the name of phenolic
can we walk and do this whole talk I'm
sorry can we walk and talk and not just
stand here well I mean I can I do so
Donald you you've been missing for about
three hours tops
Bob's in top three hours no III like
point-to-point override Joan and and say
she's still scratched up from her
incident with with with the tentacle
thing it's all been tonight I don't know
how long it's been for you if you
shifted to a different existence or
something but it's only been a few hours
that's why I was asking 7th of April yes
it's still the 20th well I imagine it's
the 28th now very early morning to long
I know it's been alright though we're
okay now it was a real dearth of killing
me on this trip Oh next rate we need you
for the assault remember we talked about
this well we'll see you back there then
Salazar Salazar put the glass down you
know that it won't kill you
someone else has Salazar
digging glass into his wrist and just
nothing's happening he's quite mad you
know excuse me
he goes over he grabs Salazar and I'm
gonna put a very gentle hand on on
Donald shoulder and like steer him
toward the door and nice in the other
hand as I keep an eye out for anyone
taking advantage of the fact that we are
you know relatively low on armaments you
make it back to madam lanes house madam
Lane is out at one of her nightclubs but
you have a suite of rooms that are very
nice there's no suite are we doing a
ritual tonight with the gorilla and
Donald I want to get bath there's a
lovely stone bath in inset in the floor
he did rocks make it nice and warm yeah
I don't blame him shower yeah the
gorillas take their leave once you're
back at the house we didn't have to
figure out are we gonna try to do any of
the transference or even let him hang
out or we're gonna try to right now he's
taking a bath soon for tomorrow morning
but it sounds like we don't want to act
on his compound like in the evening we
want to do it earlier in the day
possibly first thing in the morning yeah
if they're busy during night they're
probably resting in the morning so that
might be the best time to blindside them
but that would mean if we want to do the
ritual that's what I was getting at
who's gonna do that after he gets out of
the bath yes we need we need a minute to
that symbol and do you think maybe if
you disrupted it with your knife instead
of taking it off it would help I mean
maybe
either way I'm stabbing just doing a lot
of work in that sentence I've seen the
effect of magic on people's necks and it
doesn't make sense but you have not
Flint
I'm not work he's expecting a Donald's
head to just pop off I named sinner he's
lucky but the way I see it if we're if
we're going to deal with it physically
there's one of two ways I can either try
to carve through it and disrupt it that
way or try to remove it in as surgical a
procedure as yes even my very sharp
knives can do it will not be pleasant at
all you know I can I can help with some
first aid and and things like that and
because I'd rather I'd rather not try to
cuz I would have to take energy I need
energy to be able to do the transference
well and you can't take it from us
anymore you're not able meet some energy
don't its ritual it's not a spell yeah I
mean I don't know that Flint doesn't I
know I know I know no I thought I
thought I had to have some in no it's
it's a ritual
okay all right retro sorry so do you
want to try the ritual first or do you
want to try the more physical mundane
ways and I recognize that half skinning
someone is very odd to call mundane
[Music]
what's the bathtub and cleaned up a bit
and the dragon lady robes or whatever
they are they feel wonderful against
your skin which now according to chat
canonically end at your mid thigh oh my
god I'm just gonna be so when you walked
in it has legs up hahahaha
all I said was all I thought was Sean
Connery sardos action going on I want to
know what this stuff does
let's find Stanford we'll find him and
find out what this means I I trust y'all
examiner but I don't know it kind you're
my neck and my skin is actually going to
fixit's I think we had another option
that wasn't your neck right the other
option is to try to do the ritual of
transference I saw what happened to
Sylvia when we did that ritual or
whatever it was I'd rather not know then
we lost his finger finger thing seems
trivial now because it speaking of I'm
gonna reach out and grab Donald's hand
and light and like look at the missing
finger and like hold it up and go did he
say why he took this he said it would
help you find me I think though that's
the other way around I think it'll help
him find you now yes I guess on whether
he thought that we would come for him as
quickly as we did or if we were gonna
have to be led like a
Silvano and his finger yes that's what
he was thinking so now but then he still
I'm gonna love more than eight hours of
sleep do you want to sit this one out
then no give me some Irish coffee I'll
be fine do we have to call a doctor
because we could ask mr. Wu to uh
see mr. was important to call for one of
medical degree could they can look at
whatever this is and see oh yeah mr. Wu
will we'll call a doctor
not to raise alarm we just need somebody
to come and fix scratches and bruises if
you will it's not like that yeah well
they call a doctor Oh be intimate you
all like go to your rooms to clean up
Joan on your pillow is a piece of paper
and a pinkie says you know what to do
reattach it put them together alright so
yeah so okay I'm gonna I'm going to
come over to Andrea sorry it doesn't say
you know what to do it says the same
thing as the last one go find him
ya know I'm gonna go to Alexandria and
and and knock on her room and sorry for
interrupting and I'm gonna show her fine
well interesting so I think we're gonna
go to break with the finding of that
pinky so this is our first giveaway so
we have for Great Dane Society coasters
hashtag chaos at the chat and we will be
back just as soon as six people can use
six bathrooms keep your pinkies hang on
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
you
welcome back we congratulations to
vindicate shawl who won those four
coasters whisper your address to at
quests and chaos and we will we will get
those on the way to you we we are going
to keep the names rolling for the second
giveaway which we'll do in a little
while so hang around for that so Joan
you yeah you took hopefully Donald's
pinkie to Alexandra yes and I say it was
on my pillow that's weird though how'd
they get in here
well that but also it's the same note
that was left with Silvano's finger if
they knew that we were going to find him
why leave the same note maybe they don't
know that we have him yet they don't
know they'll know soon one thing or
another yeah but if we have the finger
that's good that means they can't use it
- fine boy that's a sentence does that
does it have a string wrapped around it
like the like a sivanna's oh okay I'm
going to hold it alright it points
towards Donald's room well unless we
know that part so here's the question I
mean fire tends to be a cleansing force
do we burn up the hole for the whole
shebang the paper and the thing I think
so just in case you're gonna burn his
pinkie yep he's gonna throw it in the
fireplace we can't we can't put it back
on it's been too long it's been too long
alright so so I've actually I have I
have several questions earning his
pinkie
where are you burning his pinkie and
does he know you're burping his pinkie
where's dualsun presumably still in
Egypt yeah no but the point is is that
welcome you bake
here his his finger was all cool you
know it was it was healed up so we can't
put it we can't reattach it I know that
much that's a successful medicine roll
right there I mean it's it's a pretty
logical logical assumption it is his
finger he should probably make that
decision and I was trying to save him
from it but alright I mean Amy are you
okay I'm just saying that these are
massively ethical questions like does
your body parts divs it's still yours
once it's gone you know I mean if you
would not detach it's not it's detached
if you if you if you do not give consent
for it to be removed yes it's still
yours yeah so technically Donald Donald
somewhere I'm saying Donnell has to give
consent for you to burn his finger okay
I'm sorry everything's fine nothing's
fine I'll talk to me about it in the
morning don't want to wake him up now we
were having a doctor come to see if we
could do something about the the
symbol on his neck I imagine he's still
awake right we were we asked for a
doctor I thought it was for tomorrow I
wasn't okay okay
I was hoping you're just gonna tie it to
his doorknob and leave it there too we'd
like to this is always pointing in the
room let him drag him behind it Oh we'll
wait for the doctor all right yeah the
doctor will come and he comes in and he
sees you and he's like oh let me please
let me help you right away oh well we
have somebody who needs your help too so
let's get you sure sure yeah what is
what seems to be the problem
let's go to his room yes I'm gonna go
and Pat and tap on Donald's door all
right I think he's probably barely awake
at this point but yeah weakly respond oh
he does sound bad yeah that's only
committed my head and Donald it's me we
have the doctor yes sir all right before
before we bring him in let me go in
first
yeah you like to hold up his beak no no
what are you doing I haven't wrapped I
have this wrapped thing I said let me go
in first
all right yeah you go in all right
incise a daunting I hate to tell you
this but somebody left this on my pillow
and I unwrapped it and I show him his
pinkie oh my lord you hear the doctor
gasp well there were more delicate ways
to do that but sure we don't know but we
wanted to see I was gonna try to get rid
of it
why so I wouldn't disturb you like this
but Bard's a startling yeah I know I
know I know but I didn't have any choice
we wanted to see it maybe if we could
get it to be put back or not or but it's
all your it's your choice it's your
finger attached a finger doctor I think
it's been detached for too long we think
so I'm very confused it's been a
confusing night sir my name is dr.
chan how can I help you look you look at
this wound I've got here with my that's
your pinky I heard all right please look
at that and then I have another wound on
the back of my neck that I was very
concerning if you take a look at that as
well ah it's he well I mean when did you
lose your
pinkey earlier this evening
or yesterday I'm really not sure it
looks like you lost it days ago this is
this is that scar tissue forming right
right I feel I feel awkward asking this
question are you sure that's your pinkie
I can't I can't say she just brought in
the room fella I don't know
may I he reaches that he has his hand
out for the pinkie Oh that'll be
entertaining I'll hand it to him all
right he takes the pinkie and he holds
it up to your hand and it it fits like a
glove he's like no that appears to be
your pinkie
why is it on a string and he holds it
out and the pinkie goes really and
points right at you and he drops it and
he makes his sand roll Oh being it being
a doctor in in this area I'm sure he's
seen some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] why all right all right
let's search so you said something on
the back of your neck yes is this is
this a growth is it a lump what is what
is the nature of this urn mark I don't I
can't see it okay all right well let's
let's take a look and he you you got a
tattoo d-did you did you not know you
got a tattoo it was it was given to me
okay so someone gave you a tattoo but
you didn't want to tempt you
it's not an area I would feel
comfortable removing cutting something
out it's quite close to your vertebra
and it doesn't seem to be inked
if it were a tattoo I could you know cut
off the skin it would be really painful
but it would be mostly cosmetic but this
seems deeper what do you think it is if
not ink I have no idea it's I mean if if
I had to say I'd say it's skin but not
his nose like a little like horsehide
can we burn it well that's a terrible
idea
cut its off safely but it's too deep to
him to cut off safely you think I would
not feel comfortable assure I would not
I would not feel comfortable saying that
I can cut that out and that you would be
right that's good good thank you thank
you
I picked the pinky up off the ground and
wrap it up again was there anything
normal I'm supposed to look at
relatively normal was it attacked and uh
yeah he'll he'll spend some time
bandaging you up and you get oh wow you
get three more hit points back the whole
time he bandages you up he's like
mumbling under his breath about like
other wounds match probably does from
yeah he'll he'll do someone treatment on
you as well okay good yeah you have you
have some cuts and things like that
although very scrupulous ly you before
the glass coffin was smashed you noticed
there was no blood you know seeming to
splash around or anything like that yeah
and I would have looked for that after
what we saw last time right right can
I go on appreciate your help thank you
yes I I hope that whatever that is does
alright so here is the question once
once he's gone and out of the way and
I'm doing like look look do we want to
grab Lauren Castle and Emma and discuss
what we're doing so we have a plan i I
think I just need some sleep and then we
find the fellow at Stanford and get the
answers out of him what if something
tries it and tries to mess with you
I'm just so tired all right what's the
what's the furniture situation in the in
the suite there's a middle room that has
this the the little stone bath in it and
a couple of wooden lovely like longer
chairs like two or three or three people
can sit on and then each room has like a
bed a little chest and an upholstered
chair and a desk and a desk
okay I'm gonna plop down in in one of
the upholstered chairs and same I'm then
then I will sleep here tonight and if
don't know just indulge me all right all
right thank you
like we flop out and on them on the
chair it's comfortable those things can
be before I go Donnell what would you
like me to do with this say that maybe
maybe save it I'll think about it
tomorrow
the only thing I can think of is if you
leave us again we might still be able to
find you Oh
small mercies I yes all right so I will
keep it he don't make me an intelligence
rule oh yeah so 56 Silvano's finger has
not decomposed at all yeah I've been
carrying it my pocket this whole time
okay
so there's magic in it I mean that's the
only way that I could point like a
divining all those magic fingers walk
right past that wall yeah let's go say
it the only thing that's bothering me
right now is how did somebody get it
onto the pillow in my room hmm yeah it
might honestly be best if we double up
as much as we can to keep an eye on each
other the rooms are very nice but and
I'm it might be better to be in close
quarters yeah I know Flint's long since
gone asleep yeah but I'll leave that I'm
I might have passed out as well yeah
I'll leave that up to you a lot I'm
staying here
well but you lot to me right now not
uncommon great day scenario Joanie's in
a room like nobody comfortable and like
you know have it have a dagger very
close to hand and try to get some slowly
open yeah
so going back to my room there is a
fitful night of sleep for all of you and
you all have terrible dreams so Flint
can I can I tell you what I want mine to
be please it's all about the gorillas
coming for me
so yeah here's what happens the
gorillas are coming for you and they are
there cord Corbett is just like I'm
gonna kill you you know you've you've
finally done it and um
silvano saves you he swoops down grabs
you and all of a sudden you're back in
the airplane with him and the gorillas
head who the hell are you he's in your
lap and Silvano is flying the plane and
he looks back at you sadly
he says sorry mate and then he just
power dives the plane and you wake up
right as the plane is gonna crash into
Emma yep your dream you are drunk sword
fighting I'm awesome
you are you are in the Pyramid of the
black Pharaoh and you are just cutting
down his his minions and you are carving
your way to the black Pharaoh and at
your side fighting valiantly as Donald
you are both fighting your way through
you get up to the black Pharaoh your
sword comes back ready to plunge in and
Donald looks at you sadly and says sorry
mate and shoots you in the head I knew
it mmm Joan yes your dream is right here
in madam villains house you're asleep
but there's something weird you can't
you wake up and Donald's pinky is like
tapping you on the head and you wake up
and you see Donald with a pillow will
get you sadly and go sorry mate and the
pillow goes down on your head and you
wake up just as the last breath leaves
your body there's there is 45 seconds of
this dream where you are struggling
against asphyxiation as this pillow is
just held down on your face with the
full force of Donald's body weight and
at just as you're like I'm dead I can't
breathe oh you wake up Alexandre you are
in the temple of the worm and back in
Peru and this this is this timeline so
Donal is there with you and you have
fallen into the goo and you're about to
fall in there and Donald grabs you and
saves you he's pulling you up ow
of the goo and then he gets that sad
look on his face and he says sorry mate
and he just pushes your head down into
the goo and he holds you under and you
relive that entire experience with
Francois and all the horrible things
that happen to you they're all knowing
that you're pushing up against Donald's
hand that is holding you down Donal your
dream is every single one of those
dreams you see every single one of those
moments and you see yourself betraying
the people that you have worked with and
in some cases come to know and love and
you are palpably aware of each time this
is totally out of your control everybody
wakes up feeling pretty miserable
everybody could make me a sanity roll if
you fail it you lose one sanity Emma
because of your I knew it you get a
bonus die no good you didn't lose people
are surprisingly okay of course yeah
Alexandra with them ya know like III
imagine like I come flying awake with
with a horrified like breathy scream and
just like don't even see which way is
which but make my way to the bathroom
and just like throw up until I can't
move yeah fumble yes oh my all right
take that sanity all the things to
fumble on alright so here's the thing
you don't wake up when the plane hits
the ground so you experience this plane
crash in agonizing detail as your body
is shredded
and you're with you're dying you're
lying on the ground dying and all you
see is Donald smiling face just like
looking back at you with a frozen death
grin on it and you lose to sanity and
you know from from now on like you're
not like you don't want to be in a room
alone with Donal for a while so it's a
quiet breakfast yeah once I eventually
pry myself away from the toilet yes
most of you are awake at like 4:00 in
the morning and not going back to bed
one good thing is I didn't wake up right
I got to sleep in a little longer I mean
there's that way to find the bright side
and all this silver lining to the dark
and shitty cloud and so at breakfast
madam linton looking a little tired a
little alone like she stayed up very
late last night she joined you and
she says I have soldiers well
mercenaries that I hired ready to go and
Tony Tony and ping are you still
thinking this morning yes let's burn to
the ground
that's quite a sentence yeah are you
missing a I I need more information to
answer that question Joan yes so when I
went to my room yesterday last night
there was a finger and a note it says
you know how to find it I am it's
and so when the doctor came we did
verify that it was his finger also
somebody in your ranks
maybe well he was sucked through a paper
monsters so you know we should assume
that the rules don't necessarily apply
here true our enemy has the ability to
get pretty much anywhere they need to go
after all
that sounds very useful did you burn
that note yes the note I would have
burned the note at least I know now any
paper that comes from someone that I'm
suspicious that I have two fingers burn
well I certainly apologize for any body
parts any of you found in your beds and
I'll have a talk with my cleaning staff
was there a delivery last night no I
mean I I had to go to the I had to go to
yeah somebody could have come in just
let's just assume in this case it wasn't
conventionally delivered yes let's mmm
everywhere as soon as possible green and
she pulls out our whistle and she blows
the three notes and tone-tone and ping
comes sliding in from a door and she
once again goes you do what she says and
points at Emma and I turned everybody
I'm speaking of which what how are we
doing this cuz again my last drunken
plan was to just bike around the
compound to just lob grenades over the
back and just see what happened I mean
the plan was to I think create a car
accident as a distraction having
barela's on us sneak over initially once
we're inside and we can get a little bit
of damage done then do the frontal
assault yes you do what he says I think
that's still the Flint and smiles when
she says that what when she says you do
what he says and points to Flint
turncoat looks at you and smiles the
other master now Flint no I'm no I'm
just I'm just soaking up the situation
that I've been putting out of my mind
because I've had other horrible things
on my mind I've been rather a lot of
horrible I agree that's long but a good
episode title the horrible things in my
mind I'm at capacity what can I say all
right if we're gonna do though Donnell
which which assault do you want to be in
what are you comfortable with the first
one or the second one all right if from
the front is the diversion frankly that
we can have the giant Apes caused the
car crash for all I care they can throw
the cars against the gate perhaps that
would do it well no we had planned we
went for an actual car accident against
one of the one of her fangs cars hmm
yeah commandos are you he's tired he was
remember he yes remember he's had been
through a bit yeah car accident the
front the rest of us go in the back the
pause okay so I take a shot of whatever
she has in her liquor cabinet because
you know
never breakfast and be like I'll Drive
the car don't worry I don't want you to
be in a car accident
that's let one of the mercenaries do
that you're well you're far too precious
to just saying that are you in circles
with no rhyme or reason for hours if I
got out of the car and just started
spouting insanity I'm very much in favor
of this idea quite capable what if we
had a mercenary driving she was in the
other seat and came out okay but that's
what she wants I'm gonna hand you a
pillow
[Laughter]
let me and so at this point she she
motions to woo and woo opens the sliding
door and out in the courtyard of her
place are twenty guys who to your
ridiculously like Western racist eyes
are dressed like ninjas there are twenty
guys wearing like kind of traditional
armor wearing light traditional armor
with black all over it and they're their
faces are all covered you know I wanted
to do this with an American flag jacket
so I'm not going to judge that's that's
fair why don't we have Joan and Emma in
the vehicle and then after then they've
caused the ruckus the monkeys and the
ninja crew here go over the walls
oh I don't question yes cause a car
accident I don't know if she can do it
on command I'm sure she can whatever you
want me to drive into take another shot
that's a hard success so as soon as
Donald says monkeys you here and Madame
lien is like looking around yeah they're
gross yes obviously I try and say it
British Lee so mispronounce it yeah well
it sounds like you've got a very
exciting plan if you'll excuse me I
don't want to be in the city in case
this goes wrong so I hope I see you
again tonight and yes I'll talk with you
later
and then she looks at Emma and she says
please please take care
it'll be fun Emma's got her whiskey and
a pillow yeah he's ready to do this so
you actually actually after madam Lin
leaves then I was like okay so who
actually gets their grenades because I
don't think having grenades in a car
accidents the best idea I won't know
what I think it's a terrible idea I
agree I think having grenades in a cart
extra bad idea I want one though
let's mmm let's let's let's think about
that and let's think about the fact that
a couple of them blew just from being
dropped in the hotel room we give them
to the Mercs no oh did we get our
incendiary devices that were planned for
that as well yes but they're borderline
fireworks perfect fireworks can do a
significant amount of damage if aimed at
the right things
give those to Emma yes you I will trade
you for more grenades for viral III
don't need to have more fingers in my
pocket grenades
well Flint has one because he was gonna
take one up with him when the gorillas
anyway so Flint has one
currently so then I just yeah Alexandra
Alexandra has one yeah I'm like so no
she didn't take it here take it back
yeah I did yeah you did
okay I'll take it III mosey up to Donald
don't take this one are you familiar
with using these they're rather simple
just practice it really but as soon as
you can sure so I still have one but I
don't mention it to anybody that I still
have one of course I had I want crude
arms track of how many you've passed out
and how many there are when people start
to like hand out grenades Salazar puts
out his hand no no no no you talk to
Flint about that
I am so tempted though he doesn't speak
he's quite mad you know right cut in
front of the ninjas so our plan then is
Emma and Joan do it do the car accident
in front of the the building mmm
fireworks spectacular and you're
specifically trying to hit a card that
would be going into Ho fangs complex
right and Triton crazy flex do it do it
do something to it to it to get their
gate braced open so they have to pay
attention to what's going on right and
then the three of us with with the
gorillas go over the the wall and then I
don't know 20 minutes after after the
car accident the the mercenaries make a
frontal assault is that what I'm here in
20 minutes I'm 20 perhaps that they're
spaced two accidents one and once
they're everyone's distracted they come
in for the assault but mate well maybe
better idea car accident then grenades
mercenaries accident is a distraction
for the first team to get in and do some
damage then we want to we want to give
that team which is us some time to be
relatively undetected
then grenades and full assault right
you have the grenades what do you mean
then grenades just grenades anytime no
olynyk grenade within the element
anytime I have scalded my mouth on too
many of those things
agreed I think we want to hit the guard
fortress with the masses especially in
the front we're observing it was the
front area where all the guards were oh
let's just give the girls some grenades
and wing it right that tends to end bad
boy the winged unicorn gorillas with
explosives do we have a plan aye-aye
well the question is you know are we
early enough to catch them still
sleeping because if we are then hitting
that front building where all of them
where all the guard quarters were is
probably a good idea after after the car
accident people are gonna start getting
up but the hope is that they're
disorientated and that they're just
they're not at their best right that's
the hope
all right it's like 5:00 in the morning
people live in the morning no one's a 5
in the morning person we're not really
gonna catch them off guard but we're
gonna well don't we got out I'm at a
disadvantage right yeah well do what we
got it we just do it and only once and
honestly once we're over the wall I mean
we move fast and we can we hit hard you
know once you figured out you can't die
you really kind of stopped sleeping what
Ferren I haven't slept in must be years
yeah that'll drive you insane go insane
if you don't sleep have you talked to
Alexandria about your little deal I
think she'd like oh no no no no I think
you don't have the deal oh they're
taking orders from you chump
oh god no
okay let's let's go discriminate about
who kills me
roll out oh wait sorry look I haven't
told Salazar about this plan yet so just
kill me like five sentences are all
piled up in the back and in the back of
my mind and all of them are awful
okay so where's the car okay so myself
and the mercenaries we're gonna get in a
truck and we'll we'll be around the back
for when you're ready all right
who's driving that truck all right the
mercenaire should store but after the
explosions go off yeah I was about to
say the the grenades are gonna be the
signal to go it's a hell of a signal and
I suppose wrong with grenades help is on
the way and I suppose we're gonna get a
cab around back we'll need to get a car
to do the crash right we'll get the car
crash yeah
madam Lane will give you you can have
two cars she's fungi so yeah well we'll
send them in one car the car crash car
and then the three of us will follow a
little ways with the with the other car
and like meet up and everything anyway
part ways then we have a getaway car so
yes yeah well and as and as we're
traveling there I'm gonna like look up
and see whether or not the driver is
paying attention and say tada know if
you feel at any point that you are
losing control tell me or signal or
something because I that was a very
nasty dream you were back in the temple
in Peru yes
- same cars them yep I cover my ears
[Laughter]
Courbet who's sitting next to you leans
over and says apparently they were both
in some temple in Peru and she fell in
some sort of white liquid I'm
look over at him and say not another
word sir she's the one you want to talk
to he's the what she'll do it her head
underneath it's like looking at you like
keep it up and I won't want to get on a
good side is that I'm very confused the
masochist says hurt me the sadist says
no which one am i the masochist
apparently want her to kill you I won't
look I just want someone to kill me
right well if you can find Stanford he
points at one of the one of the
mercenaries zyc if you view me there's a
thousand dollars in this column right
here I'll give it to you right now if
you guys really know he's lying to you
like does the guy even speak English the
mercenary does not speak English okay I
still tell him that Corbett is lying ah
damn it
all right let me see my Chinese he says
something in the mercenary just starts
laughing at him the murder sir is
comfortable with the talking gorilla you
know total languages are very difficult
with gorillas laryngeal setup under
under all of this like commotion I'm
gonna look over at Donnell and and just
be like promise I'll do the best I can I
like Sandra I promise I just wish I knew
what what this means it scares the hell
out of me yeah it was probably a warning
that he can take control although why
guess he enjoys mentioning just a moment
ago say this there was a nap
comparison mm I'm gonna give I'm gonna
give Corbin a very detailed description
of Stanford no the monkey kills Stanford
then what Stanford becomes a monkey no I
think he'd kill me he's he's the one you
want to aim for you want to rip one of
his arms off at the very least battle
that I think is well you know if you
really want an arm ripped off you should
talk to Salazar listen you were the one
who was trying to get killed if Stanford
kills the a person doesn't stop her MA
we don't know inclusive that would be
worse what it I mean either way ripping
one of his arms off I think is still a
good it'd be very cathartic yeah I'd
like to see that really I think the only
catharsis for us is death and look kill
me leave Salazar that's fine he's quite
mad you know yeah
if Salazar within earshot of this
Salazar does not appear to understand
anything he doesn't react to almost
anything that said if you kill Stanford
I will do I'm gonna start with with kind
of the fuzzy questionable like did I
really you know we'll try the grenade
thing but but I'll make sure it's done
if you kill him I don't think that's a
good idea
no good answer I'm a little man and I
don't care what anyone says that
mustache is fetching wonderful it makes
my lip too warm too insulating so yeah
you are the the truck is in the back in
in position and sure Emma Joan at about
you wait about 45
minutes and then a car pulls up to the
gate and it's going in and so you're
gonna ram into that car I guess first
Emma lights a bunch of fireworks in the
back of the car that's that second yeah
do it do it do it do it go
so you just slam forward rival driving I
can drive if you want to drive that's
fine I can jump out and start yelling
who has the higher Drive I haven't I've
been standard 20 I have more 49 so I'll
do it yes 45 all right so yeah you
definitely crunch into the back of this
car and immediately like five angry
Chinese guys are like out and yelling oh
that's my specialty
get out of my way the door and I'm just
like first time I tried that I'm so
sorry I didn't see you there I mean we
didn't see you there I mean yeah and
just kind of stumble around and just be
like that's a pretty costume you have on
is that something you wear every day
what what is this all about now we have
the fireworks in the back right yeah
okay and a bomb and Silvano's notes all
in super it's a ones in the back the
ones in the back are gonna go off I'm
gonna get out of the car the ones in the
back of our car getting off so I'm gonna
be mad about them destroying our car all
right fine I've got my car goes yeah Wow
and we got my Jersey on at this point
all right both of you make me luck rolls
all right oh yeah
I'm I would love an Emma here oh I would
love an Emma here nope you don't get
you can't spend luck on electoral I I'm
so glad we had that that reroll so I got
alright so one of you succeeded all
right so the fireworks go off and there
is there's some minor fire and smoke and
that sort of thing and as soon as the
fireworks go off the five guys their
reaction makes you feel like these are
like trained guys like though by the way
they react to that and like as soon as
the fireworks go off they go back behind
there like heading in the gate and
they're like they're standing sort of
behind the gate and they're just like
looking at you and telling you to go
away did we crash the car into there's
art into the gate has not closed there's
a car in the gate you crashed into that
so we're gonna go in the gate like that
and after them and be like who's gonna
pay for all this mess huh huh
so bingo and I think you I think you
broke all right as you stepped inside
the gate they will draw guns anything
but they draw guns and there's a go away
go away no I want my money my car you
ruined my car we're gonna call the
police
we're gonna call the police yeah we're
gonna call the police i smirks at you
and he says call the police where's your
phone where are they I somebody give me
a he says he Lee will call the police
fine I'm going with mr. P no you're
staying here on the other side of that
gate well I want my money that's the
somebody owes me for that car that car
is totaled now yeah sure we had to break
the our cargo went up and spoke I'm
sorry our party gifts yeah we were gonna
have a party with this look all is gone
now what do we do I'm gonna do you a
favor and I'm gonna suggest that you
walk away from here because it's not
gonna go well for you if you don't leave
no no guys in there they saw stuff they
saw stuff bring them out here tell them
we need to see what they saw what happen
come on so the other guy comes out back
from the little gate house and he says
something and the guy smarts and says
the police are on their way
good I'm gonna sit right here and I like
find some materials on the front car
yeah so that the three guys three of the
guys are just standing in the the path
like making sure you can go no further
and then this guy and mr. Lee are just
sort of standing there smirking and the
the the guy who's talking you just keep
saying you should really leave I want my
money put the money in my hand yeah yeah
then we go yeah just pay us off give us
a car money I need a new car I need new
fireworks I need new liquor
you're not gonna the police are gonna
take you away they work for my boss
what who's your boss I need to speak to
your boss that is not gonna happen
no Fang doesn't talk to white women oh
oh I see how that I see it I see how
that goes actually have no idea what I'm
saying it's look I've given you every
chance we've given you every chance to
so you hear you hear a police whistle
and two policemen on bicycles come up
and they they descend they speak no
English mm-hmm and so they start talking
and rapid-fire Chinese to Ho thank to
the to the one guy and the guys pointing
at you and he's kind of smirking and the
two policemen are clearly apologetic to
this guy and they start trying to pull
your car off from the off from the car
that crashed into you so they're trying
to pull our car off of the other car
okay it's like sure why not let them let
them do that but see hey you guys are
policemen police please
yeah well we we had instructions to come
here and these guys wouldn't let us come
yeah
police arrest them at this point they've
pulled your car out of there and one of
them has the door open and the steering
wheel and he's just ready to push your
car
down the road to where there's a hill
what no it is up okay I'm gonna run over
there is the car now that our car is
clear is the car that the gentleman in
front that we hit is that car clear that
I could actually get in so I'm gonna
jump in their car are their keys in it
that I can just sure you jump in and
they're there it's you know there are
keys in the car everyone is very
surprised by this I got a new car and
are you driving away what are you doing
I'm trying I'm going to quote unquote
drive away but do it in the worst way
possible by going forward all right
hitting somebody or whatever and then
going back
and yelling get in how does this thing
work so I think we're gonna go to
initiatives here hey you are gonna drive
the car forward and the three guys in
front of the path all scatter if you are
you trying to hit them I'm trying not
I'm trying I don't want to hit that but
I also want to make it look like I do
have no idea how to drive you don't I
mean like just and then like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get
in here and help so you pull forward and
the three guys scatter the the the mr.
Lee and the guy who was speaking to you
have both drawn guns and they are
pointing guns at the car the one cop
that's left is like looking at you just
like and the other cop is like trying
to get the speed up to like just drop
your car while Joan is chasing after him
yep yep yep yep no I'm getting that I'm
gonna get I get that guy all right so
I have no idea I guess we're gonna go
buy initiatives alright so they're not
gonna start a fight so Emma you you
drive forward and then you drive back
and then you're gonna cut keep kind of
going back and forth and making it look
like you don't know how to drive oh yeah
and while I'm doing that I'm looking to
see like what the layout do I have the
layout still is there like is there a
path around like the court to the house
I have a quick question if you don't
mind explosions were the signal to start
the frontal assault and they set off the
fireworks in the back of the car which
was not planned well right but but we
were with the mercenaries so we would
have said you know the second round of
explosives what would we have said and
we heard that go off yeah so so yet wait
the fireworks are very good you've heard
it you've recently
heard a grenade explode well you haven't
I mean that's a but this is a very
different sound than a grenade exploding
still we're hearing yeah okay that's
when the grenades explode they go in
there's a different that's a different
sound all right Joan you have caught up
to the policeman and he's just like
trying to put push this car down the
hill are you gonna like tackle him
are you gonna I'm gonna get in the other
side and move over all right yeah you
slide it over and you like put your foot
on the brake yes yes he's like he's just
happy someone is in the car so he slams
the door and he's heading back
all right good take the car come back so
you you you you loop around make me a
drive roll see how good a turn this is
no I didn't make it all right so this is
a three-point turn yeah as you're like
nope and you're coming around and the
cop is like looking back at you confused
but not really caring he's not running
back towards the gate where he hears
like whole things men yelling bad things
so Emma
what was it you're you were looking for
so you say it goes up and I'm assuming
so I'm gonna kind of get my act together
I can't I can't seem to find the Google
Doc I'm gonna try and get my act
together and just look like I have no
idea where I'm going but start to just
as I see the other car I'm going for it
I'm growing up it so they are going to
shoot at the tires so let's see here
everybody in the truck can make a listen
rule right I would say that when the
fireworks went off we knew that there
was like stuff going on and that's when
we would have made our move we should
already be in the compound oh okay
sorry I wasn't we're waiting for the
second Explorer no we're having that's
the Mercs we're having the mercenaries
wait for the second set of explosions
we're going we're going to be the second
set of explosions no problem prophetic
okay
so so yeah these guys start shooting at
the collar you have you have yeah the
guerrillas will help you all over the
wall so it's the guerrillas and
Alexandra Flint and Donal have gone over
yeah all right Corbett looks at you
Flint and says what do you want us to do
just tear things up guards the guard
all of them Salazar just goes does he
action like laughs like a human laughs
yeah that's terrifying and I love it
Salazar like leaps over the wall he's
not even helping you guys up he just
leaps over the wall on his own and he
just starts you hit you you already hear
you hear a woman go Wow excellent so
once once that's done we're and we're
like in in the back like I want I have I
have the map up and we agreed that
probably in the room that has the red
bed and it is gonna be our best bet to
try and find how Fang so on the as
you're looking at the map on the right
side yeah do we have any suspicions as
to where we would find Stanford we'll
keep looking okay so you come over by
that pond mm-hmm and there is something
moving in that pond I'm gonna stay away
from that pond because no thank you
all right number one in the end of the
drink grenade into the pond it could
have really true okay yeah Youth you you
drop a grenade in the water that's our
signal by the way yes for the Mercs okay
and yeah there is a about five seconds
later there's a KaBlam and water like
spouts up goes everywhere and when it
comes went like whatever comes back down
in the pool he's now boiling
yeah taking some extra steps away from
that pond yeah
all right we are gonna go into
initiatives now there we go no on a much
faster than you the water is starting to
form up so it's it's boiling and now
it's like spouting and it's starting to
form up into almost an anthropomorphic
Sheen give it another her name fellas
all right that was it that was that was
very fast on a hundred and ten Corbett
he's running away from you guys to go
kill people and as he runs away he looks
at Flint and he goes don't forget kill
me it's Stanford when Stanford what does
he look like the car all right
he's probably the only white man only
white man here but sign exhaust well
these two anyway that was an important
distinction to make yeah he runs off and
he's like Salazar well where are you
don't have all the fun and he's like off
and causing havoc all right that
weighs 110 90s on a ninety one of the
guards the captain of them is going to
take another shot at the car Wow they
are not good shots there now I think Bam
Bam Bam all over the place trying to hit
the tires of that car that was 90s 80s
Eddie all right something is coming out
of the water it was all right well
Donald's gonna go to sawed-off shotgun
again yeah is the water and you can't
fight water and try firing its face
disperses whatever you can do with the
shotgun
all right make roll get away all right
yeah you you bring the shotgun up and
you just go Kapow and the water kind of
splashes out and it goes back in the
pool and it immediately
starts forming up again that was 80 70s
I'm gonna call out Donald it's like the
mosque drop the Summoner and it's go go
looking like I think I'm gonna start
going and like pushing doors open and
looking for there are there's sort of
there's a lot of noise I don't think
we're gonna be subtle anymore there are
doors to the right leading into the main
house and then there are doors kind of
this on this side that are what you kind
of turn as like the servants quarters
okay yes yeah I think we're going into
the main house so I'm going to push my
way in there all right the one that's on
the right side yeah so if you if you
look at that where the the pond is to
the right there those doors there you
will pull open that first door the very
top door and you're in a pavilion and
this pavilion is like a office kind of
thing it's got like a desk and papers
and there's nobody in it that was 70 60
s 65 all right I will go Joan then Flint
so there are gunshots from back in the
place so what I'm gonna do is it's the
is the gate open it all still or as
she's closed the gate is not opening
closing anytime soon okay all right so
what I'm gonna do is park the car and
unless if I can get in the car with the
alright so you parked your car get out
and you're gonna run up towards Emma's
car which has been driving up a hill yep
you're gonna have to go through a bunch
of guys to get there I'm gonna dodge
turn very spin let's see what happens
good you you parked the car and you've
made it through the gate so you are now
on the on the estate grounds everybody's
attention seems to be focused on the car
that is driving up the hill not on you
so flick I'm following Alexandria
alright so yeah you two are in that
pavilion
there is a door that leads to a hallway
and there is it's behind behind the desk
there's like a door there you can see
get as far as I can all right yeah you
guys are both in the pavilion and you do
a quick cursory check them it on a 60
the other guards will go the the the
four guys down there one of the guards
said something in Chinese to the so
there's one policeman who's in here and
he's looking around confused that guard
says something to the Chinese to the
policemen and just shoots him and the
policeman goes down the other three will
shoot at the car ah much better
oh oh so yeah there is background areas
a ma youth one of these shots went right
through the engine block and like steam
immediately starts pouring out of the
car and it is rolling to a stop okay
that was 60s 50s on a 50 there are some
noises back in back where you think the
guards are in up on the up in the house
also on a 50 the first mercenaries start
to come over the wall 40s finally it was
so how are these how are these fireworks
are they like the old-school like TNT
light and toss or do I get like a flare
gun
whatever you want so how is firework so
essentially I'm rolling to a stop I just
put this thing in park light it boom
launched it back at the guys behind me
alright so yeah you have a flare gun and
you like you like leaned out the window
and you just
let loose make me a pistol role should I
inspire this I yeah yeah good not here's
the thing Emma doesn't care
she's shooting fireworks out of a gun
out of a out of a car this is the most
exciting thing I still don't make it
it's 47 and 40 but you scatter so the
three guys who were like shooting at you
you definitely scatter as this flare
goes bouncing down Joan you dodge Dave
this is a very mo sort of day oh that's
that might be our title it's a very Emma
sort of day or the worst children's book
ever made with all of the rabbits named
Emma Beatrix Potter no no the the
child's Cthulhu Oh
what was Michelle's character name again
with an S right people oh yeah yes we
actually have to shout out the Sybil her
her baby's first Cthulhu yes yeah that's
right you found a copy crowley's yes
named Sybil without thinking of Terry
Pratchett's works anyway so on a very
fast number the water continues to churn
up and it's forming into a almost it
looks like a female form but it's solid
water that's that on a hundred and ten
gorillas do gorillas things 90s I think
80s was one of the guards like the good
guard captain he's going to
[Music]
um Joan he's gonna try and tackle you to
the ground okay you should make make a
brawling roll oh yes oh yes I got 27 oh
not quite a hard but it's exciting yeah
you you this guy comes at you and you
know you don't quite coldcock him like
you cold-cocked the deep one but you you
know he gets nowhere with trying to take
you down he's he seems very frustrated
80 Donald Donald races for the the house
with the other two and while he runs he
pops the shotgun open that's the smoking
cartridges fly out sticks two more in
trained brings it back and then runs in
the house with the other two perfect
yeah all right yeah okay 80 70s I'm
gonna press further in this I see that I
see that doorway yeah that leaves a
little hall I want to like move behind
the desk and open and open that door
like kind of pushing it open a little
bit so I'm not like immediately stepping
through and gonna get a view of what I'm
singing okay and I and I have they had
the dagger in one hand make me a dodge
rule oh boy that's my favorite sentence
fantastic seventeen out of 45 that's a
hard success very nice all right
you opened the door and something in
your head says get out of the way and as
you open the door you drop to the ground
right as a shotgun blast tears through
the door and you see a very crude trap
has been set on this door where there's
essentially on the on the doorknob
there's a string and when you pull the
door it pulls the trigger of a shotgun
and blam okay I'm seeing that does it
does it look like it has another show
this sort of shotgun that has another
shot in it no okay this was a one shot
but but that slows you down a little
sure you hear the click of a shotgun
trigger yeah
it's like drop and roll man alright this
time we'll go Flint than Joan sixties
yeah is there is there another door I
don't have the map open you know that's
the only door out of this room all right
then I'll run forward and see what's
right yeah you are in a hallway and
there are it's a very short hallway
there are doors on your right left and
forward
can I can I get to the door are sure you
open the door on the right and is a room
full of guns there are it is an armory
there are plenty of guns here you just
you you see like all of like the tension
he just dropped me just like Oh almost a
sexual sound he made okay yeah he opens
in size there's a billion is going
describe it for me but what do I see it
is so there's just a wall full of guns
all of them hung up and each of them has
that weird like passive-aggressively
anal like outline to tell it like tool
Joan yes this guy just tried to tackle
you um
the error of his ways yes I'm gonna dumb
it I'm gonna try I have this right don't
bring a crowbar to look good don't bring
a gun to a crowbar fight roll bar roll
yes no I didn't get it alright do we
want us but we have tons of information
do it let me try again
just people with guns shooting at us no
no in your mo it's important now to know
oh I did not fumble so don't roll worse
I did worse that's the Navy
welcome to our YouTube con
I got the I'm on the board yeah that's
right it's kind of not fair to the
people who already did their bet
seriously you get after the fact I think
the fact that life is not fair is an
important lesson for everyone to learn
you know what that's it so all right so
I tried to hit him didn't help yep all
right you take a swing 50s The
Mercenaries have started to fan out
they are very freaked out by water lady
and they start in here like they were
that was 50s there's some noise down the
soldier way the three guys that got
flared will do nothing this round as
they try to figure out why they were
getting flared and Emmas if I can launch
one more and just be like John let's go
sure you have the last one you fire
another flare make me another pistol
roll I don't want to tell you this
number yes you do 99er
could be worse so you know things are
going crazy things are hectic there's an
important order of operations that is
that is not done here instead of leaning
out of the car and then firing you fire
and then lean out of the car and so the
inside of this car which still have some
fireworks in it is lit up with a
phosphorous car this is their car so
unless they were bringing fireworks back
oh you're right you're right this is not
the yeah no this car was full of alcohol
oh good what was I thinking I should
have been drinking instead of firing
stuff I didn't know that so you fire the
thing and the it does not break through
the back window so there is just a and
you hear a bunch of glass breaking and
delicious smells filling the filling the
room immediately
and then immediately
the whole back seat of the car is on
fire no we go Joe let's go
[Music]
and it's alcohol abuse Emma I am ashamed
of you all right
so the good news is water lady seems to
be dealing with the guys who are
annoying her and not following you the
bad news is you hear horrible noises in
the in the courtyard
nobody's still in the courtyard so
nobody can see what happens right I'm
assuming they're not stupid and they're
leaving the mercenaries yeah cuz why
would you try and shoot a water lady
well shooting things is sort of their
default answer yeah now that it's not
working they are you know coming up with
a different answer
mmm and we didn't give them any grenades
right I know the grenade they do not
have any grenades all right
that was super fast 110 you you
distinctly hear you distinctly hear
quarterback oh no that's not him and he
does good work you're gonna have to kill
him yeah he does good work you're gonna
have to kill him unfortunately that
can't be a title for YouTube reasons yes
that would that would not do well for us
so that was very fast on a 90 the
captain of the guard is still up there
mister leave he will he just almost got
a crowbarred
so he like pulls out a knife and he's
gonna try and stab you
ooh okay I think a dodge roll is in
I did not make my dodge all right you
just got stabbed
oh what do we do we want to inspire that
or do we good or what
what's your dodge is really the question
that is a good question my Dodge is 50
so it's it's very 50/50 it's a mission
you should dodge this alright and you
have to roll a zero one it's mandatory
I got an eight-time there was like a
slice that was headed right for your
kidneys and you just dodged out of the
way at the last second 90s 80s
Donald uh-uh well I'm distracted by
thorn castles room of guns you need to
see this that's not like a restaurant
gourd thorn castles room of guns time is
of the essence here so that's me that's
an actual business in Florida wouldn't
surprise me
I mean Florida moving forward to the
door in front of us
yeah I think I'll just kick this door
open we're out of time
we're asleep out of you you kicked open
one right in front of us all right you
keep that door open and you are in a
dark wet kind of weird room and there is
a stone floor and the flow the floor has
like a weird moisture to it and there's
moss on the walls and right in front of
you is a statue of a horrible grotesque
bloated female figure it looks like
it looks like a pregnant woman drowned
and has been standing here for a while
it is this is clearly some sort of
shrine okay this is what you've been
saving your grenades for
blow it all up all right so you you drop
a you drop your innate in and close the
door I use mine already so they'll be
foot all right so that will we'll get to
that
that was 80 70 s 75 and I have a a
grenade all right so it's like don't
move
Donald Alexandra make me a spot hidden
regular success yes regular success 60
out of 6 moving right I'm not gonna step
into the room I'm going to like pop pop
the grenade toss it and then like grab
the door and head and help him close
them all right and get away from the
door
that is that is a good step yeah you you
both back away Flint is still just like
it's so beautiful got to take one of
these you find a pearl-handled revolver
oh you can't even use that very well but
like and it's so American and so pretty
oh yeah you you you can any gun you want
you can yeah yeah no right you find a
pearl handle pearl-handled revolver it
is beaut it's a colt 1912 a beautiful
pearl handle on it it has clearly been
inlaid with like beautiful work this is
this is a piece of art it belongs in a
museum
I have to look at me belongs to the
museum so yeah you will do it and as you
as you pick up that gun there's a boom
doesn't stop like the room shakes and
you're like oh that's probably gonna
stop hey that hasn't stopped there's
just like this
I think we woke something up move what
you what what did you guys do
dr. goodnight couldn't you hear it
that's how grenades work I know how
grenades work relatively I was right
next to a couple when they went off last
night I had a very intimate knowledge of
these I put my head against the wall and
it's so shaking yeah I think we woke
something up the ceiling was moving in
that room anyhow back to initiative in
the in the hallway where you guys are
standing in the room on your left that
you have not opened you hear glasses
alright that was that was seven that was
70 60s this time Joan alright you
guys don't notice any sort of earthquake
down where you are oh all right I'm just
gonna go run toward Emma I'm just not
gonna deal with this guy with the knife
and I'm just gonna run okay you're gonna
run up towards Emma okay I see the hot
stuff coming out of her cuz she got out
of the car yet not yes I'm gonna go grab
her car I'm gonna go grab her she wanted
she was like come on alright oh my god
he almost fumble I'm gonna use GM
inspiration that's fine i J met news I
didn't roll birds-of-paradise ahh that
was your mistake sir some part is that
James oh the unfortunate part is that J
Mathews gave you one and it'll just go
back I thought we were friends sir -
another grateful bloated lady salutes
you
that's not I've been called worse
so the guy as you as you run by him he
takes a slight even with inspiration
birds-of-paradise
he takes a sly see with the knife and
misses I mean with the car with Emma
Flint you've been around a lot of people
who are using guys
but there's what hell's going on it's a
great question
we woke we woke something up in that
back room so you can either Chuck a
grenade in there or we keep moving I
gave my grenade to doddle yeah open the
door where the glass is breaking on the
other side I don't know what else did
all right
oh no that's not the door that's not the
door with the temple no it's not no no
no so man I almost want to pull out
the dmg and pull out the potion misuse
chart
so you open a door and this door is just
that other door was a room full of guns
this is a room full of ceramic bottles
and they are just crashing and there's
like there's weird green bilious smoke
just kind of coming out of everywhere
close that door quickly please
let's leave yeah and I start backing
away from the room that has the horrible
rumbling all right yeah you are now back
in that office in the pavilion
you think you might hear some upir awful
noises outside I hear all you know what
there's awful noises everywhere like
showing your awful noises everywhere
that's not bad well no seriously I'm
hearing the rumbling of something
horrible beating awoken stupid people
who are fighting against a water monster
that they can't possibly kill and then
and crashing cylinders so again alright
that was 60s on a fifty mercenaries
alright the mercenaries are yes they
have made some good decisions
they will there we go
the three guys the three guys down at
the base are very concerned about the
burning car and so they're like they're
like trying to they're gonna run up to
the car and try and put out the fire
not very well earn burn earn and I'm
that was fifties Emmas so before I go
urban mask has given us five hundred
bits of which I'm taking for myself
thank you very much thank you verbs
he also car out of park and just let it
roll back down towards them just what
that genius idea the question is can I
do that and get out of the car that's
all on fire prom possibly maybe I would
almost rather I would rather get out of
the car grab Joan and pull Joan with me
as we continue up the hill all right I
get more distance from the car and then
oh I'm gonna make you an offer
you can do that no problem and the car
will stay where it is or you could try
the whole like i'ma let door the brain
you know pop the brake and roll out of
the car and you won't get as far up the
hill but the car will be rolling down
the hill but you're gonna need to make a
roll what kind of roll I'm gonna call it
I'm gonna let you offer me a roll all of
these things I mean if it's a dumb idea
ah I was going to say if it's a dumb
ideas roll I got that one nailed Dex
Dex except a drive roll that's worse
my Dex is 40 my drive is 20 I'm not
built for the heroics piece of this
what's the bet
idea skill I'm just curious I'm not
built for the heroics piece of this that
might be our episode title yes
I'm built to enhance my 20 intelligence
people that's that's my that's my ilk
so now I would rather get more ground
all right yeah
no problem so the car stays where it is
you guys are up the hill you can see the
house you okay you can see the house in
front of you I think you just saw a
white gorilla like throw a made out of a
window
it's Tuesday what else it is Tuesday now
yeah thank you for keeping track of that
I'm super impressed all right that is
that was Emma so we're back to the top
of the lineup you yeah you get on us on
before any of you can act you don't hear
anything it's it's it's weirdly quiet
outside now and then on 100 yeah gorilla
mayhem continues 90 was the captain of
the guard he'll see you running up there
he's actually gonna like go get his gun
since he was using his knife so he will
get his gun this round and eighties
Donald he wants to stay with the rest of
the group and we all want to move out of
this room this yeah so you were out in
that office area you guys will all get
into that Hobbs area do you want to go
out in the courtyard we do we have a
choice is the question aren't they
aren't any other doors right who want to
go out with explosives I think we've got
to make a run for it so that's what
looks like because I'm our explosives
yeah
so we're gonna deal with that we're
gonna turn all you know what for the
minute all three of you are gonna be the
same initiative we'll just go with
Donald's so what are you gonna what do
you you're just gonna try and run into
the courtyard and go through the next
door
yeah one of the walls look like do they
look like they're pretty solid like or
could we get through them pretty easily
I so what I would be doing is I would be
keeping my rifle trained on the door of
the shrine and backing away but like I'd
probably be going a little slower sure
the walls are wood okay yeah I I think
we dug out into the courtyard like keep
as close to the building as possible and
go into the next door just move fast
it's distracted by the others yeah all
right you you get to the next door you
pull it open and there is a little girl
she's maybe 12 she's wearing this this
room this is a big room
it's it's kind of it was once nice but
sitting with this little girl and
there's some sort of tea party going on
Salazar Salazar is the second eighth
he's the crazy 8 I'm okay with this
we're gonna do the giveaway for the
second Harlem unbound book so if you
haven't entered hashtag chaos right now
to enter for a PDF of the Harlem unbound
book thanks to Jay Matthews 85 so much
apparently you sorry
Wow getting these rules as we go so yeah
okay everybody needs to put in hashtag
chaos would be funny if Jay Matthews
putting in there right but so the giant
ape is having tea with a twelve-year-old
girl on the side okay and there's a
further problem what else is going on
the court
in the courtyard you see four
mercenaries who are dead and there's
water in their mouths and there's like
water streaming out of their noses and
the pond is completely flat and still
that doesn't sound like a terrible
problem all right there you go
dead mercenaries is fine I was I was
expecting while I was expecting them to
be possessed by the water in lumbering
towards us and they're all bloated man
you literally what I am expecting to
happen so you are yeah you you open this
door and the little girl turns around to
you and goes Shh Salazar goes Shh back I
back away are we backing away I want to
look around the room quickly and see if
it looks like there's anyone else in
here cuz if it's just Salazar in the
little girl I mean my Cthulhu brain is
screaming oh god nobody make me a rule
situation here yeah it's easier to look
for blood than a body I mean you're not
wrong 29 success what do you say that
because you find blood there is there's
blood all over this little girl's hands
somebody a Chinese person very fresh and
there's a bite taken out of it and the
girl now that you see it has blood all
around her mouth and she and Salazar are
just sipping tea is Corbin anywhere
nearby no you you Corbin is up at the
front there's no one else in this room
that's it
I'm backing away
just do the same we don't need this yeah
that's the episode title I mean how many
problems are there in one goddamn
compound where I call this compound
we've been in coldest compounds before
no he happens what's got supercharged
there
yeah I'll back out with them and just be
like alright you you close the door on
disturbing little girl you once again
feel the rocking as that that rumbling
continues should we deal with that how
do you recommend no III if you think I
agree I was just curious you knew
something I didn't I'm fresh into this
Emma Joan you come running up the front
of the building and when you come up
horbet opens the door for you hello
thank you that's awfully kind of you
oh of course of course I'm I'm always
happy to take a quick moment out of
trying to get killed - help - lovely
what have you wouldn't mind killing me
would you actually I suspect that we
have bigger fish that could kill you
where have where first of all where is
everybody
and have you seen the gentleman named
Stanford you know I got separated from
everyone else I do you know what Salazar
is I haven't seen him no we just haven't
seen him haven't seen him hmm well I got
separated from Salazar and I've just
been up you know I the the mustachioed
gentleman asked me to start ripping arms
off so and he holds up a human arm is it
it's not one of the mercenaries is it
somebody else no it's it does not seem
to be one of them I've I've mostly found
maids and butlers up here
oh really shots back there yeah they're
trying to you know get up keep us from
coming in and shooting up the car that
but we made it up here you haven't seen
the rest of them either you haven't seen
the the Smiths that show gentlemen in
the and our first reference no no but I
did hear some very promising screams
from the back of the house ooh
then we should go and I think you should
lead the way because that increases your
chances of getting shot first well
that's the smartest thing I've heard all
morning yes oh you will be my cover lead
on sir no heat or gunfire so you guys
bust through to a back to a back to like
an open area the pond is up on your left
at one point a door on your your door on
your left opens and a guy pokes his head
out and Corbett just grabs his head and
just smashes it down into the ground
looks at you says I couldn't reach his
arm and like keeps going didn't and you
as you get out to this open area with
this lovely pond and a bunch of dead
mercenaries right as Alexandra Flint and
Donald are back are like close it very
gingerly closing a door and backing out
yes hi guys you seen Salazar he's having
a tea party with a very scary little
girl who looks like she's taken bites
out of full-grown men with lots and lots
of blood we need to keep moving
this is she's mildly terrifying and not
the person that we're here for if you're
looking for your death though and I
leaned and point down the doorway to
where the rumbling was coming from
that's the way straight down through the
hallway in the horrible temple in there
that will
me something yes something won't kill me
I hope to be killed by a person it's how
the curse works well gang go find out
and let us know I think your odds are
very good if you go that way well I've
got nothing else to do so he will he
heads towards that temple all right you
move down to the next door to open and
just as you're about to open it a pillar
of something bursts through the roof
about where you expect about where that
temple was and a column of black smoke
shoots up into the sky as far as you can
see and as it reaches up to the top of
the sky it starts to spread out in this
circle above this area I'd like
lightning starts to flash in that smoke
and you hear
[Music]
Courbet falls right down in front of you
his broken gorilla body and he goes oh
damn it it wasn't a person
and he said ends up and I think that's
where we're gonna stop for tonight we're
just like the comedic image of a gorilla
falling out of the sky yeah I just
listened to person from thousands of
who ended up winning how much do you
want to do you want me to roll it or do
you want to roll it I'm literally
watching Thomas come running from
computer to computer you want let's see
who who wins the Harlem unbound
Thanksgiving it nightbot or is it the
crashed night button Wow I know it's
so are quotes from tonight are we've got
to have a conversation about explosives
I might need some pants unexploded both
ways
I have only marginal sympathy what's
safer than a hotel on fire this is a
this is a fine choice oh this is a
stupid idea if we have the finger that's
good it's his finger he should decide
not the horrible things I've been
putting out of my mind I don't need
another finger in my pocket this great
plan car accident then grenades then
full assault and then the rejoinder just
grenades anytime you can't fight water a
very Emma sort of day he does good work
you're gonna have to kill him I hear
awful noises everywhere I think my
personal choice I'm not built for the
heroics part of this I think that having
one and
don't need this was the last one
so YouTube tell us what your choice is
for the title you're gonna be entered in
to win the some of those lovely coasters
the Great Dane Society coasters that the
Baroness my favorite twitch user gave us
so YouTube in the chat tell us what you
think the episode title is and we will
enter you and also YouTube don't forget
you've got one more week to do who you
think has the most Amy's among the group
I told the group who it was today they
were surprised that's gonna do it so
again we've got a full week of quests
and chaos nuttiness here for you Monday
its carbon 21 85 they're gonna be doing
an 80s movie I think it's Herbie goes
bananas really excited about that
or wait it's is her I guess in this case
her bees a forklift that's yeah so
carbon 21 85 Monday doing an 80s movie
Tuesday the Kaos agents they're doing
only Merchant Ivory stuff these days and
then we're back here on Saturday so and
also Sunday don't forget we're gonna be
hosting the rivals of Waterdeep musical
episode 10:00 a.m. thank you so much for
your likes or subscribes for being part
of the community check out our discord
if you're not a part of it there's all
sorts of wackiness going on there and
mix back welcome back and i think we
will see you next week
goodbye internet friends you know in
discord
[Music]
you
[Music]
