Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends and welcome to
quests and Cthulhu it is Saturday night
thank you so much for spending part of
your weekend with us we really
appreciate it and Thomas wants you all
to know that we are just thirteen
subscribers away from 2600 subscribers
on YouTube
so if each one of you talked to five of
your friends knowing how persuasive you
all are we would probably get five
subscribers so get on that people oh
it's just that easy
have called your parents have they
subscribed do they know how great we are
anything you do we appreciate and
YouTube we love you 20 let me see I have
to do math 2587 of you we love the rest
of you were learning to like so you know
come along or not yes so we are as I
said we are here for the week weekend I
want to start off right away speaking of
YouTube we had a YouTube contest we
asked YouTube for two weeks in a row who
has who was winning the contest to have
the most Amy's we keep a little
leaderboard here Emma's or if you use
inspiration and you've failed the role
critically Amy's or if you use
inspiration you just feel failed the
Emma leads the Emma board without
question the amy board however that's
Alexander our own Tiana is leading that
and so great job you have won that
giveaway on YouTube if you would email
the question chaos email address info on
contact contact and chaos or calm no
we're working on a non-profit thing
right now we're not-for-profit if we
make money it's kind of an accident
we're very excited that's the difference
not for profit versus nonprofit now you
know so drop us a line contact at
question chaos
dot-com and we will get a prize out to
you thank you so much and tonight we
have more prizes last week J Matthews 85
gave away a copy of Harlem unbound this
week not to be outdone and always coming
a week later it's me giving away a copy
of Harlem unbound so we're gonna get
Harlem and bound out there everywhere we
can so we'll have it'll be hashtag chaos
at the break to win a copy of Harlem
unbound tonight so we got a few quick
announcements to go through as always
beer carry on Gordon Biersch lovely
wonderful they are fine salt of the
earth people and they make beer don't
make root beer but you know and we love
them second we've got another full week
here of content coming up we have a
Monday its what might be the the clothes
the finale of our carbon 21 85 scenario
but then again it's quests and chaos so
there could be four more who knows
we're not sure but our carbon 21 85
campaign is coming towards an end I'm
trying to think of what's a what's an
80s like end of a end of a series sequel
like really bad like what was it its
carbon 25 the final battle man did I
love V you know what we're gonna this
week it's not GI Joe moments we're gonna
go V moments because V was fantastic the
80s miniseries B was incredible it was
it was a story of first contact and
these visitors as they called themselves
we're just really nice people who wanted
to help us but then we found out they
were lizards and they wanted to eat us
and so this ridiculous resistance of
stupid people tried to fight them and
the the final solution that beat the
visitors was hot-air balloons full of
poison that only killed visitors and so
they float
these balloons all over the world and
it's put out this poison everywhere that
sent the visitors away until they came
back for VIII the final battle so carbon
21 85 the final battle the I love to be
so a couple names from V just in case
when and you're just like it was
terrible
everybody was terrible mark singer was
in it yes michael ironside it was mark
alliance I'd played a character named
ham Tyler and I mean Robert Englund Fred
Willy played a visitor who defected to
the humans and in worse than the
miniseries TV series he was a bartender
at a bar he would end up man the the so
in the miniseries when the visitors
talked they had a voice effect but in
the TV series that was too expensive so
they met through this whole thing that
the weird poison that they let out
changed all of the visitors voices so
they no longer used the voice effect Oh
V I love V now I want to run a V
campaign as long as I get laser guns and
flying cars
yeah they had actually the flying
shuttles were pretty cool yeah they were
they were pretty nice did we just lose
Nick I think we just lost will be we'll
be dealing with that in a second I can
just talk about ye for not talking about
it cuz otherwise you're just gonna get
more bits apparently go what the people
love V by the way do yourself a favor go
you
well now I'm gonna tell you all what I
really think of you you don't need to I
already know mate let's see where's
mine where's my help sign I think I
still have it hello Internet have we had
we had no sound this whole time yeah
only when Thomas came in and touch
things for me it's amazing who made it
mine's over there oh nice so there's a
slight chance we're gonna do a welfare
check on Nick and Wow Wow
left the internet yeah oh let me see
maybe he dropped me a message he's given
nobody messages maybe I'll pause to look
yell about the bits right now sure let's
do some bits okay does anybody else want
to give Azra bits right now just do it
now
said I thought about Seymour not only
angry what's today or is now the time to
bring up Otto man Otto man well you know
so Otto man was a show 80s too I can
talk about 80s TV forever but Otto man
was a show about a living hologram with
terrible science and I think it was it
was so bad that it was actually
cancelled during the first episode
[Laughter]
that's an accomplishment it was pretty
bad the best part of Otto man
Otto man had this laser car that he
would drive and every time he turned he
turned in right angles and so they cut
to the same bit every time of him
driving and turning and because he was a
hologram he didn't react but the guy in
the car would go
I am up against the window every
ten-year-old me love that
alright Internet are you are you have
you had enough oh then dica sean is
going with some deep cut Street Hawk huh
and the master oh man
Thomas pulling out some Lee Van Cleef
action what I don't even know any of
this Street Hawk the best part of Street
Hawk was it was a motorcycle this this
the super powered motorcycle that a guy
used to fight crime but he could only
fight crime of an auto persuasion like
he had it had to be something he could
drive to and the big thing about street
Hawk was that Street Hawk could stop on
a diamond in the camara in the opening
credits they go like that would
literally happen where it would just
stop right away Oh trust me Vindi Kashan
I can match you 80s TV that's gonna be
our new podcast subscribe for nine
months and here's the reason why
slightly Toth has just entered his five
K bat bits badge because he gave a zero
five hundred bits psy.d I don't want to
I don't want to say who his favorite
person in the stream is but man we get
to watch two marriages devolve in real
time wait my marriage might be fine
let's see what Amy says coming up to
actually it might not be so Jay Matthews
also Ezra five hundred and whiter
Nightingale I love you anyway
she did that because V has no vowels in
it alright what we get any bits the rest
if I were recording this is where other
marriages dissolve so we have four
already from last time cuz we were bits
heavy last time and the only person
who's basically saving us is squirrel on
the run
[Laughter]
we only have number one it doesn't float
we only have one it's squirrel on the
run there is no other yep exactly
we love her I choose to believe my wife
loves me despite evidence to the
contrary no just because of the oatmeal
cookie is that right I make those that's
why she keeps you around that day I see
best reason has anybody found Nick
yet I'm tested him he's lost you know we
have his pinkie does somebody have his
pinkie stories because man nick is a
character so he lost his connection and
trying to restart his PC it won't start
trying to look into it we may never find
him again well at least we know he's not
dead because he's texting you unless you
know it's some algorithm in the bot a
nick bot oh boy
so Andrea of the burbs also gave the
players 500 because they need help
against her dice this is true accurately
through beautiful birds of paradise that
I've been using to cause I used to try
and hide them so did I I would make sure
that they were on our side of the table
but I'd go through and set the table
yeah I can't like him right now I can't
find them I don't know where they are
Thomas we've got cleaned up they gotta
get new studio has they're gonna be
artifacts found I do I want to shout out
my favorite twitch user the Baroness who
is joining us and and my my beloved wife
wanted to make sure it was known that
those bits that she gave were for the
Baroness and the Baroness
hook test huh I'm is showing us hooked
us up with these awesome coasters now
you know what that's what it is
NIC's coaster exploded all right well
you know what I think we're going to get
strength the apollyon gave 500 for her
favorite instigator I don't really know
who that is that's you and I saw I saw
the Twitter conversation I instigate
nothing like a monkey with a stick of
dynamite that's how I instigate so
constantly got it and haphazardly and
irresponsibly I I imagine Nick is
actually sitting in his little in his
room there drinking a Jack and Coke
going like oh no oh no come back
no he's probably come on this is only
the thing that makes Nick go like go
apoplectic that would be funny tell us
what you want to do there yeah actually
he can't because he doesn't have pain
right I mean on his phone yeah I was
phone I mean I believe I believe Nick's
phone is actually a rotary dial actually
that's a really good question Thomas
could we just audio bridge him in from
his phone
Thomas did Thomas just leave town Nick
wherever Nick is yes so we're losing the
males of the channel
damn I should just like cut my camera
then I was like the Duchess could play
today
Rachel thinks that the mustache has Nick
hostage everyone find your mustaches and
stab them now I'm glad I don't have one
so well look at Nick watt Rose Rachel
just guessed I came running in here is
really glad you're back Nick that's
that's really the takeaway doesn't
mustache either that's awesome I'm just
waiting for the mustache to attack him
that's all okay I'm gonna have to I'm
not to do some troubleshooting a little
later to figure out what exactly
happened because that was why is there
smoke in the room no greater in there
you know when you try to get your PC
running it starts smoking person
accidentally texted Terry is it said to
text to somebody that wasn't Nick was
that group tax like the first thing I
was like I gotta find Nick I typed his
name group text with Thomas popped up
and then I was like somebody's like I'm
at home what's up I was like who the
hell's to host 206 area code
who's that day in this group
conversation do you know who this person
is Nick today it's just been like wow I
think we had a great adventure thanks
guys I mean this is basically how my
week has been so you know I met the
point of this might as well happen
sounds like a mustache area code yeah
that's right
I feel like maybe we should just start
over yeah let's do that
hello internet friends we can all say
that together that would be awesome we
would never be anything yeah that's
right huh all right well we're actually
here believe it or not to play Call of
Cthulhu are here to play call actually
to Margot Ora I gave a thousand bits to
improve the guerrilla chances I'm sorry
the guerrillas chance of survival
who does that go to us I think because
we don't really want to kill him and
Ezra plays the one who wants to die is
that fair does that make sense
go ahead it won't help I know is that
inspiration reserved for the guerrilla
then maybe Oh
Matthews for all the subs that's awesome
hey Matthews just gifted five
subscriptions oh nice
if only he'd give away a copy of Harlem
unbound no that's what I'm doing you
were here last week right forgotten last
week that's that's weak last week uh
speaking of last week some of your plans
went awry some of your plans went not as
awry you you found Donnell
he had been tortured by wrong finger it
was the pinky he'd been tortured by Carl
Stanford and Donald believes that
Stanford did something to him that he
doesn't know what that is and you pretty
much decided that's it we've got to
attack how Fang and then the car crash
planned that you came up with worked
better than really it had any right to
and you managed to gum up the gates to
Ho fangs while you and a team of
mercenaries jumped over and you know you
fought
you fought your way through a bunch of
mercenaries got killed by something in
the water that we're all pretending
isn't there anymore and you know and
then you you made your way into the
complex and you found a temple to the
bloated woman and something happened and
there was a rumbling sound and you
started to leave that area and you came
back out into the courtyard at that
point everybody came together and a
massive column of dark gray smoke shot
into the sky and was like reversed
pooling in the sky I like how I'm
looking at my hands that are off cameras
only reverse pulling in the sky up in
there there's a there's a just a round
field of this dark gray smoke that seems
to be connected to that room and oh one
of the guerrillas who's named John
Corbett Corbett which which one is he is
he yeah it's a to tune yeah and ping is
apparently we're doing a shirt giveaway
so it's hash tag shirt in me right now
hash tag shirt in the chat you have your
choice of three of our fine shirts none
of which are the Great Dane Society so I
don't care what can you do but I wear
one of them today
I need that sweet merch money man that's
there's no that's how we get those sweet
LEDs back there yeah merge money yeah we
should do a Great Dane Society logo
shirt
I think it'd look good yeah I have the
Great Dane Society logo right over other
shoulder so the guerrilla somehow rode
all the way up and came flying down
and did not die because he's eternal and
that is where we left it so you are in
the courtyard of Ho fangs mansion there
is sporadic gunfire from the few
mercenaries that you still have left it
is all of you in this courtyard with
Corbett with the with Ton Ton and this
awful cloud of smoke and hey is the
water in that pool bubbling again or not
near it so we wouldn't know right we
kept our distance you are you're I mean
you're you're not standing in it but I
mean that courtyard isn't so good see
from the map from what I remember we
were right at the bottom edge of the of
the courtyard because we went into the
room where the the little girl was right
well little girl mm-hmm I mean she was
little yeah okay yes that's right you
did come into a room with a young woman
who was eating looks like eating a
person that King had killed and ping was
ping was having a tea party with her and
they both they both gave you the
international symbol to be quiet and you
all said okay and left and so they are
in there let's see what it count if
they're children in psycho guerillas
would it count if if the little girl
killed him would she break the curse and
kill him or does it not count because
she's a she's human
yeah I mean I guess that would mean so
you or I intentionally didn't bring it
up because I was like we don't need to
give Azra more ideas we just don't sorry
though Fiona on the map that I that is
in there you are about where that X is
like at the corner of that of that open
courtyard by the pool pool that I
thought it was okay it's quite a large
pool yes so
that is that is where we stand right now
and we are in initiatives so let's see
the gorilla has a hundred so on a
hundred twenty stands up a little
broadly and like as he as he stands up
you see like broken bones just coming
back together and there's like there's
an awful cracking noise and almost
instantaneously he's standing back up
and like looking around that is that was
that 90s 80s I think 80 is Donald all
right so dollar will leave the group but
he's not serving up by himself I guess
I'd be the first one through the door
and the next door we have an arc of a
tree house of horrors here the third one
down we'll just check the next room and
let's see he'll open it up okay so as
you go to open that door it flies open
and coming out of it is this gentleman
that you recognize as the notorious
whole thing ooh he is coming out he
looks like he is in his sort of dressing
he looks like he's in his he was asleep
maybe or something and he comes out and
he opens the door and you are both
surprised to see each other and he
will slam the door shut as soon as he
sees you so make an opposed strength
rule to like well let me would you like
to keep the door open
yeah okay make it a post strength rule
hello birds of paradise I failed that
role do we want to inspire this I don't
know how will he succeed yeah yeah yeah
oh I failed he has speech pass with me
alright yes he is fast at you and he is
stronger than you
he just banks the door closed have any
other actions before it turns over oh
blast a shotgun into the door I'll just
shoot the door open okay yeah make me a
shotgun roll you're not gonna miss but
let me see like how this is where we use
inspiration though 35 is a hard success
alright so
KaBlam it becomes clear to you very
quickly that this door is metal unlike
unlike everything else in this in this
area this everything else you've seen
has been pretty light wood mistura's
metal and the door to the temple was
metal although that doesn't seem to
matter now all right that was 80 70s I'm
75 so the door is metal does it look to
me like the wall around the door is
reinforced yes everyone forgets damn
he's smarter than most you know he's
been a crime boss for a while fair
enough
shoot okay I mean I guess I'll move down
and see if there's anything going on at
the door below it because what staying
in the main building yeah okay you're
saying something Donald but you're oh
can we talk or not sure yeah I doubt you
reinforcement sealing that is a very
fair point how tall is the building and
does it look like it's possible to get
in so the the buildings on the left the
servants areas are about out 7-foot tall
and they have a flat roof the villa has
one of those peaked gabled tiled roofs
mm-hmm
you might be a little bit hard to get in
through there though I mean not if
you're a gorilla
then someone can rip the roof open we
use those grenades of ours there we go
all the gorillas oh I'll turn to turn
turn and ask him if he'd be willing to
do that you know ripped rip rip the roof
off the place of course yeah he'll do
that on his net his next trailer that
mustache first oh I was gonna just if I
I don't know if I can hear if the door
actually made it click if he started to
actually lock it you with the shotgun
going off yeah the shotgun pretty much
means he's oh I would just run up to the
door as quick as possible and try and
like twisted her and then slam into it
if he's okay make a strength role to
play this game oh my gosh well I get
inspiration sure
can I get inspiration I'm gonna use it
okay regular success all right you feel
I give in the door it doesn't it does
like that tells you it's not locked
so he can but he can't like bolt it
right now if I'm pushing against it
that's right all right all right Joan
there's a crawl right now right now
there are two people and a very recent
shotgun blast crowded around the door so
um for you to get in there you know
you're gonna have to like if you I
would give you a penalty die on anything
you did trying to like reach around
everybody yep okay I'm gonna try a Dex
roll so I can maybe get in on the bottom
well this poor doors had enough now all
right so you you there's just too much
going on around the door and a very
recent shotgun blast it still has you a
little
all right you hear you hear bubbling
it sounds like the water and that pool
dice don't know we just got raided by my
heart Gaming welcome gaming we are we're
playing Call of Cthulhu and they are
currently assaulting a they're currently
assaulting a fortress did it if anybody
who made the spot what's that smile for
Amy only a spot hitting I mean bumble I
hope yeah all right person make that my
goodness nice all right so who made it
oh all right Donald up you are acutely
aware that there are none of those
mercenaries that you guys brought with
you around that are still alive the ones
who like the ones who didn't die at
whatever that pool is are gone well that
was quick so we have so yeah that's that
that is what you're aware of now Amy you
you're so busy
look you're like Donal goes where the
mercenaries and Emma goes yeah where are
they and she starts looking around and
you see coming out of the pool the pool
is boiling and coming out of it is the
figure of a some sort it looks like one
of those like early human fertility gods
statues where it's just this
ridiculously fecund figure with a small
head and small legs and it is boiling
out of the water and it looks at you and
it screams
and the screen kind of sounds like a
so yeah I also missed that nice you lose
to sanity as you realize this is the
thing that just killed all of those
people all of those mercenaries lying
around here and oh you you got it so
here's what here's what I'll do it you
with that spot hidden role you notice
that the four mercenaries that are lying
here dead I'll have water in their
mouths
interesting they don't have any visible
wounds they drowned dry they stopped to
take a drink who's about to say is there
like a boat or a floatation device
around here cuz that's water with the
other sign inscribed on them it is your
initiative yeah so because I've lost
some insanity and I enrolled a hundred I
think appropriately Emma would be
looking for instead of pulling her
firearm of fireworks that's for later
that's for when she has it together
right now
she's screaming we're all gonna drowned
and looking for a life preserver alright
yeah you you start to you start to like
you start looking around that corner for
a life preserver and sadly or finding
none now is there like gardener stuff or
anything useful that I come across when
I'm like no no I mean sure yeah you find
like you find like you find one of those
pool nets I'll take it
I'm saving somebody with this pool that
I don't know who yet come in handy
someone is gonna get hit by this alright
so since we got raided by the way I
think we're doing a giveaway right
I'm Thomas has to tell me these things I
don't know what's happening there's
everybody's hash tag Birds I'd have
gotten out of hand apparently
so for for Algebra one the t-shirt and
now because there was a raid we are
giving away a set birds of paradise dice
but not to a DM that's all I got a sack
cannot use it against your players they
have been rolling very well for me so
hashtag Birds apparently is the hashtag
to get in for those those dice that I
cannot recommend finally enough
one out of one out of one DMS highly
recommend birds of paradise cheap dice
to kill players 0 out of 5 players do
not recommend there is nice so as we
start the new round that pool of smoke
in the sky it's almost like the film
reverses and the pool sinks back up and
the cloud shoots back down but this time
it doesn't go into the temple it shoots
into that pool and so the smoke is now
mingling with that water and there's
this like many tsunami around that's
like just spinning and forming and the
form of that that that fecund figure is
now like materializing with the
combination of the smoke and the water
together let's get in this room yes we
sure it's not smoking mirrors right
there we go so that was that on a
120-ton springs up onto the roof and
just starts tearing tile off of the roof
throwing it over his shoulders and the
knee of it hit the water lady just for
my amazement sure one of them one of the
one of the tiles lashes into the water
and when it does it's almost like it
bakes instantly it hits the water and it
just like bakes and crumbles all right
Donnell eighties all right Alex ready
I'm gonna lift her up on the roof okay
all right you you no problem you get you
have gotten her up so what this will be
dinners I'll give you a bonus died on a
climb roll oh yeah
all right yeah so you you are now up on
the roof no problem
all right that was 80s 70s you get up on
the roof 60s this time Joan will go
first
all right I'm gonna try to rent that
door still we gotta get that guy away
from the door a little so you don't have
that penalty anymore actually can we
work in unison take our turn together
and get an advantage on that rule to get
the door open
yeah so flint is gonna help you with the
you get the crowbar in there and Flint
sees that so yeah you have a bonus time
okay
oh yeah 15 nice that is an excellent
roll let me pick up these
birds-of-paradise
know who by the way you know this door
has rolled in the eighties the last
three times so sadly oh but no longer
and you said that so you get you get a
little purchase in there and you
definitely feel like the door again the
door is not locked there's something
like trying to push the door back but
you have started to lever it open
there's like now you can see a crack
where it is getting in there alright um
so that was you two back to Emma who has
like you're standing there with a net
staring at this you know yeah I'm kind
of in that come at me water lady let's
do this
no that's water smoke lady to you you
funny
is there anything no go ahead
is there anything that like I could
scoop out of her or whatever with my net
that tile Shh
her if you'd like to try telogen stroll
oh why that's why I said I feel funny
asking for it yeah I was a it's a 39 so
obviously I miss all right yeah you who
you scoop the net into this thing and it
is far more material than you would
expect a combination of water and smoke
to be so you know you don't actually get
like that's what you'll get out of this
is that the net like you're passing
through something that is materializing
okay whoo all right at the start of this
turn the smoke and the water the smoke
has now come completely out of the sky
it is the the spinning the tsunami
effect is stopping and this figure is
starting to materialize and take form
and let's see here I think I have a
horrible picture for you
oh thanks why is it never nice pictures
you know it's not that kind of game
let's see here I should just like oh no
we can't do the share screen thing
because that messes up it does I chat
but I can't well so as I'm looking for
that picture the the thing is is
material and you do not think that you
want to be here when it materializes and
that is your professional opinion is
there anything else I can derive from
those two things I mean I know
interesting
so I think mo would probably think that
if you wanted to kill it though you
would have to wait till it materializes
just from what she knows about the black
Pharaoh and read about that concept of
like you have to be ready once you
become real or no it was on NightA Chris
from Natick Chris Ware once you become
real I can actually kill you right has
done it that has given thousand bits to
Emma and her net because you know what
when in doubt sometimes you just have to
go yeah right I think I think oh my god
I love situation up here I like her
that's a cool fan and our hat I want no
no no if her fan has blades at the end
of that we don't like that fan I mean
here comes Katara's really let herself
go to mobile combat fans making the damn
thing someone's buying them that's true
so yes that horrible thing is in front
of you and here's what I'll give you
because you've had some experience with
this if you are still facing this thing
next turn there will probably be more
sanity rolls okay as an aspect of nyla
though temp appears in front of you
because you like somehow despite the
pool net and despite your general a -
this is the bloated woman this is an
aspect of Nile SOT okay you got it
so if I don't have any more action wait
is it still my turn I got what this all
happened at the start of the round so on
a hundred ton ton we'll look at you
Alexandra and he'll stop working and he
says I don't suppose you're here to kill
me
the assault on the compound isn't done
and I need you to get in here right but
so as he says that he says right he like
opens up the roof and as he opens up the
roof you hear you see a hole in his
forehead some beam of light came out of
that room and inside the room you hear
a-- you hear you hear swearing and
japanese okay that turns into a gorilla
probably and there's a there's one
second where corbett locks eyes with you
and he just looks like you've never seen
a more content gorilla in your life and
just utterly at peace and then just
falls over backwards dead rest at Pace
May and as he falls the body turns into
a small English soldier of fortune
dressed in 1500s
he's got like a breastplate and you know
one of those ridiculous conquistador
helmets and that was that was hundreds
so back to Donna ladies dork still isn't
Oakland oh by the way that was utterly
silent whatever that beam was it was
utterly silent okay so the door is not
open but there's a ajar Donald shove
into it right now is that a possibly
sure make a strength roll while they're
crying and there's resistance I'll see
if I can just knock it open okay make a
strength roll get a good running start
right so 30s a success regular yeah all
right that yeah you beat the door so you
damn like they've got like they're both
holding on to this crowbar and putting a
lot of letter
leverage into it and you just come
flying in and shoulder the door and you
feel whatever resistance was there
suddenly give up and bam you come in and
you see a some guy who was blocking
the door is now like sprawled on the
ground and behind him you see a thousand
pound gorilla wearing the remnants of
the night clothes that you saw how Fagin
and this is not the most content gorilla
you've ever seen he's like looking at
his hands and like saying something in
Chinese that is probably not appropriate
for our young viewers ears and so yeah
you get the door open now it is now it
is that is 80 70s Alexandre so you are
up on the roof you just saw him fall
there's a hole in the roof and so I saw
I saw like light come up from it from
the room it's not a very concentrated
beam of light and a hole in his forehead
is about that big and goes all the way
through ooh
and it seems like it's 100% cauterized
so modern Tianna would would think like
a laser I've set up some variety
sure okay is that light still shining no
okay I mean it's a little it's a little
done now but you know the hole and the
roof is open so I'm going to come down
through the hole
alright so reviewing my friends you come
leaping down the hole right as Donald
burst the door open and you will also
see how Fang like looking at his hands
saying something in Chinese and there's
there's a single mercenary that has is
sprawled on the ground about where you
land okay can I stab at him while he's
on the ground
assuming he's not one of our mercenaries
I sure yeah cool is there anything
special for him being on the ground or
is that just you have take a bonus tie
sure me I don't care about this guy kill
him I'd like him to be out of our way
please
that is a 17 out of 81 that's critical
yes so you do double damage don't even
bother you just so like as you cut down
as I'm landing yeah that's that's right
you just scrunch right into him he is he
is dead right away it is
we went Julie last time so Nick your
first this time damn I'm taking a shot
at the gorilla all right take a shot I
okay it's it's a hard success really
hard to kill this gorilla that is max
damage Oh next damage that and that does
that include no that doesn't mine so
that would be a 15 damage for a shotgun
or rifle
yeah that's rifle elephant rifle I don't
think I could wield that in anyhow yeah
that would not be fun to be near that so
you you like the door you the you as the
door as Donald smashes into the door and
Joan holds on to her crowbar you just
bring the rifle up and with almost no
sighting you just blam take a shot at
the gorilla and you you shoot it very
well and that seems to be what breaks ho
Fang out of the what the hell happened
to me reverie and there's a moment where
so the bubbling thing is behind me first
I won but now well since comes
trading so far with the crowbar III
basically tumble into the room I just
float with my crowbar and I see
Alexandria staff they the only thing
else I can see is gorillas knees only
thing I can see gorillas like you could
order at IHOP you know it's the bee's
knees don't you know yes gorillas knees
gonna I'm gonna swing at his knees
alright take a swing oh no alright yeah
you are you were flustered by how happy
the gorilla looks to see you all only
sees his knees so I'm gonna run away
from the thing the bloated lady and just
be like just run run is everybody in the
room and they're all in that yeah there
it's the room with the big red bed on
the on the map yo mine is to run into
the room and just be like she's real and
then what if so what can I gather from
the gorillas do I gather that he's
hoping net it I can catch a gorilla with
a net is big yeah youth youth you're
pretty sure that that is that is hoping
yeah who is now a gorilla this is
fantastic we have solved our problems oh
my god could you imagine we need to call
madam Lin immediately is there a phone
here sure there's a phone by the bed I
go over and dial her up and basically
like begin to explain that her gorilla
was actually an enchanted gorilla and
we've somehow by our special means and
ways have turned him into ho Fang and
that she should come collect her Tintin
because Bob's your uncle problem solved
believe I'm I'm enjoying the fact that
Emma apparently knows Madame Lin's phone
number it's off the top of her head
yeah no I mean like I'm assuming I'm
dialing zero being like Madeleine they
connect you right away I'm also enjoying
the fact that Emma just skirts by angry
smiling gorilla and it excuse me
it just goes to get his phone and picks
up his phone and yeah this round you are
alright nobody closed the door Oh God
so everybody make a patio no when you
stabbed the guy on the ground water
comes out of his mouth I like approx
none of this can I get inspiration I got
a zero five nice yeah I got a hard
success oh I think Nick might be moving
up the leaderboard
did you get an Emma or an Amy sir cool
please take my spot on the Emma board
Joe did you make it totally I have hard
critical critical oriental pal I was
really close to a critical success just
one of the dice was like no I just
rolled funny so you you just brought the
rifle up
you shot the thing and as you do that
you like coughs and as you coughed like
there's water and
your mouth and all of a sudden there's
just water in your mouth and you can't
breathe okay I breathe through my nose
I'm fine so you breathe through your
nose and water comes out but air goes in
No all right that that happens on on
early on a hundred what is hoping I mean
what have you just well actually one of
you is standing right next in with a
crowbar so I'm on the phone just telling
him I'm busy I was like just hang on
so okay one moment please but so Julie
make me I would say make a dodj role
would be a very good idea for you okay
by the way birds-of-paradise yeah I
didn't make it all right
he's not a critical success so this is
gonna be double damage as he is going to
step on your head though a thousand
pounds of gorilla is coming down on your
head why don't we inspire and see if we
can't make it less of a fail versus
let's try and get rid of the double
didn't make it but I didn't but I didn't
I didn't do any of the yeah you didn't
know I wrote lower so dope he tried man
I know he grant like you swing the
crowbar at him yes and he grabs the
crowbar with one foot and with the other
foot he does this like swinging stomp
curb stomp on your head this is the most
he found he found the fairy read yeah he
found the bird
Paradise dice oh nice I think there's a
fair amount of birds apparently should
have heard those is it alizarin who won
the birds of paradise so willfully these
actually do anything for players
oh wait oh we're giving that poor guy
ones you've you you're using know he's
gonna hopefully a brand new set of that
okay okay that would be right yeah boy
we've really built up the suspense here
you take 14 points of damage
oh my god that's how much I have all
right do you have a major wound right
now no not right you know
now don't trauma so there is a horrible
cracking noise as a thousand pounds of
gorilla lands on Jones head somehow it
does not squish like a grape make me a
con role Joan did you just fumbled
ninety-five point all right there's only
better right oh oh I made it I just got
a four to five so you are somehow you
are still conscious don't try to bite
his foot alright well we'll get to you
that was on that was on a hundred
eighties Donnell he's gotta shoot this
thing so he'll just level the shotgun
right out of point-blank range and blast
the guerilla monster
you know tamago Torah makes a good point
the gorilla inspiration now goes to Ho
Fang know what I mean
no no that was GM Fiat which could be
counted as G is GM cheating
I failed my shock control but inspire
that because I got really good shot good
skill yeah that's good use it use it all
all right sixty-four regular success all
right so roll your damage all right
let's see we're I imagine we're close
range with this yeah so if you're gonna
fire a shotgun blast
you have you have Joan and Emma that I'm
if you fire on blast I'm gonna make them
make dodge rolls yeah well yeah but I
mean I'm like all right he's firing
buckshot Joan and Emma make me dodge
rolls I birthed a paradise I dodge with
this foot on my head
monkey won't let you because I you know
all right time to kill you not me
this is beautiful so yeah I totally
dodged that I've heard aren't oh no
critical now I get a critical I didn't
cuz
Dodge is half your Dax right yes yeah
okay so yeah no all right so you're
gonna take half of whatever damage he
rolls now okay plus it's 20 damage Nikes
all right 14-point simha yeah Wow
and Joan like so yeah like with your
last consciousness you're like lying
there dazed and you see Donald's shotgun
come up and you just start rolling out
of the way I know it wasn't so whole
thing staggers backwards and like rests
his arms on the bed and there's now like
blood just all over his chest where he
took that black
all right that was 80 70s okay we have
two injured people one of whom looks
very very bad I'm gonna run over to Joan
and try to do some first aid if I can
roll cool oh five out of 48 very nice
critical success
all right so Joan you have three hit
points use a mais now you also have a
major wound so until you have
rehospitalization if you go down to zero
all right so yeah you run up and you're
doing that on a flip what are you doing
holding my breath
so make a pal roll Oh these dice you
know birds-of-paradise giveth
birds-of-paradise taketh away
nine so all of the sudden you like
you're holding your breath and though at
the last second at the last breath you
gasp out and the water just spritz out
of your mouth and you can breathe again
so this turn you just go really you're
sucking in breath this turn okay huh can
I take a shot oh no you're you're too
busy being able hold my breath and shoot
at the same time you make me a con roll
they actually recommend it when when
shooting yep it's not a mouthful of
water and not being able to breathe all
right yeah you heard you are too busy
having a having a excited breathe Joan
you're getting first aid done to you but
there's not much I was gonna say you
know it's like I got a crowbar and I do
this all right here you leave the
crowbar Alexander's like stop that I'm
trying to help you hold still
all right Emma all right so you know
that you're being connected to madame
Linz you've also just been shot and
everybody's still in this room yeah yes
I'm just gonna I'm as fast as I can just
be like hoping is now a gorilla that's
your lead you here as you said I gotta
go you hear mr. Leu going what hope
fangs a gorilla ho pang is Tintin - tun
did the attack worked we're almost dead
but whole thing is no longer a human is
yes of course and he hangs up I hang up
and if I still have an engine I'm
basically trying to get everybody out of
the room I'm like just go go and like
pushing just pushing everyone I can
scoop up with my stupid my stupid
fishing net thing and just be like get
out hangs up the phone and that just
looks at everybody and like ignoring the
fact that Joan is lying on the ground
near death swinging his hopefully like
coughing out water from his mouth
and that there's a thousand pound
gorilla in the room she's just like
everybody out yep party's over
you gotta go home you can't stay here so
yeah you you start to try and collect
Joan and Alexandre and neither one of
them seems to want to go anywhere right
now I'm a little stuck with Joan at the
moment let's see okay so there is a you
hear a woman's scream out out in that
that garden and it's it's just primal
this is the this is the sound of I don't
know a woman giving birth naturally this
is the sound of you know the the most
emotional traumatic pain and you hear
that scream and then you hear it echoed
in the room next door another girl was a
little girl yeah the little and whole
thing whites his jaw and he says in very
good English and now you will meet my
mistress and on a hundred he is going to
[Music]
you know what he likes being a gorilla
too much to use magic he's going to he's
gonna leap up through that hole in the
roof
I'd like to use a GM inspiration please
okay you only got one left
that is not encouragement people I'm
very glad I did that
uh he nimbly leaps up onto the roof
through the hole and with a roll like
that he even gets to gloat and he looks
back down and he says see you on gray
dragon Island fools
does that glow give us time to take
another shot I'll give everybody another
shot at him for anyone with a gun can
take a shot at him I mean I don't have a
gun unless he passed close enough room
for me to decide so I come
if you want I like my knife regular
success of the shotgun all right no roll
your damage this is this is the the
longer the long-range 2d6 at this point
then Oh for four points of damage
all right what's your shot where'd it go
can I inspire that not good all right
roll your damage alright I have to do
math 11 alright there is there is
definitely blood pouring off of this
gorilla as he starts to as he disappears
from those those shots alright those of
you without guns you can do something in
this room Amy looks upset I'm gonna do
two things first off I'm gonna give it
you humping it unfortunately give Azra
from Jim Matthews 85 500 more
inspiration me he said that wasn't
encouragement I'm sure what that's my
second favorite twitch user scroll on
the run there's only one then if I have
the luxury of trying to do something I
could have pull up my fireworks shotgun
and try and blast a monkey with
fireworks in the butt yeah sure that's a
gorilla how fast it's a gorilla that's
right all right yeah
make a shotgun roll okay I know I'm
assuming shotgun is a five or if you've
got rifle you can use right yeah Oh
eleven so if twenty five is the average
what is that that's that's that's a hard
hard yeah that's a hard success alright
so thank you birds of paradise
what's the shotgun damage
well the firework shotgun I'm sorry this
is fireworks damage uh
firework shotgun we'll call it every day
we'll call it a da da da okay it's a
date
all right so three points of damage
right and so the room and outside are
suddenly feel filled with just as as
this comically a sawed-off shotgun that
just has shoved full of fireworks goes
off and yeah he gets he gets hit by a
firework and does not enjoy it
and Alexandre you can do something is
there anything else in this room isn't
isn't just like the outer area in that
back bedroom where on the map which side
of it are we on you are on the side by
the door where there are those two
there's like two couches and a table
okay on that table you see a series of
scrolls right who's got the satchel one
grenades in it but you know Emma can it
can it can I have the satchel no these
are the scrolls these are the scrolls
that whole thing stole oh well okay I
mean why do I get my satchel
because we'll just give you the grenade
you can have the grenade and on Oh me me
throwing a grenade is why that lady is
out there well I can't just walk around
with a grenade and give you the satchel
it doesn't work like that okay no I want
to keep the grenade I'm not here take
this agile I'm just gonna carry the
grenade and I put the grenade in the net
side of the fish it of them of the pool
cleaner are you gonna launch it that way
I should have had that look a little all
right so I'm gonna scoop up the scrolls
on the table and just shove them all
into this satchel and like latch the
shack
the satchel shut as tightly as I can so
that if I'm running things don't fall
out okay when I'm running not if you're
able to get to your feet you can do
something you don't want to do a lot no
no no no actually I am I am I am I'm
fine to get out of here right now
I mean I'm behind you guys I'm just
grabbing the satchel and stuff
okay that lady's still out there though
just fun we've got to get out of here
but gotta go spinning wanna have an idea
of which way whole thing ran it looks
like he ran towards the back wall of the
building all right
he's probably had definitely away from
the bloated woman okay you know what
what a coincidence
there is a window in this room you don't
know how high up you are remember this
is up on a hill right let's take a look
don't staggers over to the right there's
my action and it is plated glass and you
look down and there's trying to be I
don't know a two or three story drop
it's like a the face of a cliff and as
you look out the window you see gorillas
whole thing over the wall and out into
Shanghai shoot girl who thinks gone he
just hears left compound we got to get
out of here no so we're not going this
out of the room we we I wouldn't be
standing around taco are you going
through the door or through the window I
the door is open and that glass is
probably bulletproof and the wind it's
also like it's down it's too far down
all right as soon as possible I would
after him no awnings there so every lady
outside I'm just gonna have to run very
hard there we go
so you all right so you all bust out
of the door in the in the anything
everybody make me a luck roll to see
who's smart enough to not look at this
thing
we're gonna I roll the one oh nice
do I Canada can I try an advantage die
cuz I already saw it
sure I like okay I do too and come and
we can inspire Donal hold a nick it's
the exact same thing do you want to use
so it looks like Donal and Emma both
missed it do you want to lose not for
left should we use should we try
oh if Esther says yes it's no what what
are your guys lux 56
I mean I'd prefer to you guys not lose
more sanity pretty nice I have 65 look
better than I thought should because
you're gonna probably get it more than I
would I got 40 I'm good
what did iishe manatee for yeah if I
wouldn't have seen it before I would
have passed but I saw it before and now
I failed on above paradise I just rolled
a d20
force and loss can I just write the ad
for birds of paradise just be like good
for GM's shoot for players did you get
works in Italy you only lose for sanity
okay I'm out of a d20 oh that's pretty
good
yeah funny when I said sanity sh Manatee
I was being heard to reroll we did I'm
just like do we want to use now she's
throwing them around
I just I'm saying that I might need
inspiration when I have to explain to
Madame Lynn why ho Fang is a gorilla and
why Fang is now
missing but she can technically take
over the town it's just now he's a
magical gorilla who's also magical now
you're just trying to make an episode
title no he's a magical gorilla who can
now also cast magic ah ok chair I
thought he was someone who could cast
magic who's also now a magical gorilla
there we go so who can cast magic is a
magical gorilla I and and and in with
infinite lines yes yes ok yeah yeah I
miss being killed by people bright and
but most of his problems are people so
and this is why mr. Wu will come into
play in my grand scheme of things mr. Wu
kill him you have a grand scheme oh my
god I'm just saying words that I've
heard before oh man you really are
trying for a new ever another episode
titles just that personal this is Emma's
20 intelligence right words I've heard
before though so yeah you guys bust out
of there
and in front of you although only Emma
really gets a good look at it is a
malevolent other plainer being that has
you all get a feeling of like you know
there's there's all of a sudden your
mouth is full of a little bit of water
if only one of us had like an elder sign
sword I imagine I panic just a little
bit with that yeah see you later
nope nope nope nope you you you sir are
you running so the way you came is over
the fence behind you which is kind of
towards the woman the way that most of
you came the way that Emma and Joan came
is through the front door of the manor
and you
need to run sort of all through this
place yeah I think I think that's our
only option and behind you explicably
there's just no way this could happen a
tidal wave is pouring down and it's like
as you run this wave is picking up speed
and it's it's it's a narrow hallway
you're running down and at one point
behind you a door opens and a one of
those and a soldier walks out and just
gets hit by this wave and smashed up
against the wall and the force of it is
incredible and bhai as you look back
this wave it's almost like a mouth of a
screaming woman as it's just like
roaring towards you you assume I'm
looking back no chance in hell am I
looking back you can twisted Joanne
would totally look back because soon
since I am looking back as soon as we
kind of cinematically speaking after
everybody sort of in an Indiana Jones
like first episode like running out of
the tunnel as the boulder comes behind
you like everybody shoots out of the
hallway
just before I Crescent so before I get
out of the hallway I unclip the grenade
in the basket of the thing and launch it
down the hallway shut the door and just
keep going alright that's perfect make a
throw roll with a bonus die for being
awesome
what is the roll and yeah hey where's
Jesus what number is this okay 20 go oh
okay okay okay oh crap like I know I was
gonna get excited of the grenade and
throw the bottom and you still got the
grenade in your hand
do we want to do something with that so
it gets away from you
all right is it somewhere and can
somebody kick it a grenade it does not
impact the wave at all but like there's
an explosion and now part of the part of
the servant's area is on fire
something's on fire thank thank you
there we go there we go we have to have
the Emma fire yes something's on fire we
have to have the Emma fire is a pretty
come on guitar that's for you any
barrier so yeah you will you know you
compound and then there's still the run
down the hill to the to the gate where
the car is but you make it through there
cube of water is covering this entire
thing and standing on top of it is that
awful you know figure that you don't
want to look at again so out the front
door we're going out the front door just
go just keep following the path down the
hill don't mind the burning cars nobody
nobody seems to be stopping you at this
point they are all trying to figure out
what the hell's going on and and running
and panicking and some of them going
crazy
so yeah you make it down to the hill it
seems like the bloated woman is not is
not advancing at all just sort of
staying there and you yeah you make it
out of there and I think this is a good
hold on alright so we will be back just
as soon as six people can use six
bathrooms there are people who don't
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back Internet friends
we at the break we had the party just
getting away and so you're all running
down that hill to get away from this
place and as you do that alone ambulance
pulls up to the to the gate there we're
going to have one more giveaway tonight
we have a copy a PDF copy of Harlem
unbound that we'll be sending out and so
it's gonna be hashtag chaos so hashtag
chaos and you can be entered to win that
copy of Harlem unbound which is a really
incredible RPG supplement for Call of
Cthulhu it is a it's dealing with
playing scenarios in Harlem in the 1920s
sometimes when we have when we're gonna
do a one-shot I might actually run one
of the scenarios from Harlem unbound
because they're fantastic but but really
the the hint of the book is there's an
entire chapter on role-playing social
cultural and social upheaval in
role-playing games and sort of how as a
player and as a keeper to work with
those and I think I think it's a really
well-written chapter and I can't say
enough good things about the book its
outstanding outstanding in fact it's so
great that chaos iam it was made by a
third party and chaos iam licensed it
for a second edition and so they're
putting out a brand new hardcover second
it's a chaos' iums business model has
found fascinating they've apparently
they've decided that their market is
people who have money because everything
they put out is like here's the deluxe
hardback version or a PDF you can either
buy like the Cadillac or a PDF it's a
it's quite a strain but their their
stuff is top-notch they're about to
release a
um essentially the monster manual for
Call of Cthulhu it's called the malleus
monster amour something and it's to four
hundred page books Wow in a slip case
yeah I'm an idiot so I'm gonna I'm gonna
buy it but you know honestly I I don't
run meat those creatures that much
because when you play with people who
know the mythos they're like oh that's a
Shan tank you know and and so instead I
you know I prefer to just sort of make
weird monsters up that scare me and not
be beholding to that that that thing and
I mean I think if you're gonna GM Call
of Cthulhu that's one of the things you
have to deal with you either have to be
like and you're fighting a deep one or
you have to figure out a way to deal
with you know the player is like well
that's a deep one it it has 27 hit
points and you know and so finding that
balance is always tricky I just do it by
cheating and not caring about the rules
that's really my that's my style so
you're afraid of parrot sharks killed my
cousin was it a parrot and a shark or a
parrot shark it was a horrible accident
at a Jimmy Buffett concert it was just
thoughts and prayers my own thoughts and
prayers actually the accident was being
at the Jimmy Buffett concert so now here
come the parent heads to get me that's
so you are you limp back to your hotel
on to your hotel I'm guessing no I'm
he's leaving a trail of blood I'm going
after him so you're gonna track down
whole thing oh yeah all right you have a
job to do
Joan can point you in sort of the
direction that he went are you is
this this Flint's to do alone I
it that's up to other people I am kind
of beat up right now the ambulance yeah
we say let's copy my run off the
hospital follow me
I mean unless someone has a rifle to
loan me I'm not getting up close to them
at 2,000 pound gorillas but I've gotta I
have the handgun I'm not going toe to
toe with a gorilla with a handgun you
stay in the back I'm taking I'm off
all right hear from me unless someone's
following please takes off Slynt is
gonna go hunt a gorilla down crazy he's
a man's man yes and men's men are crazy
yes and a fool let's let's get Joan to a
hospital I heard a terrible cracking
sound in her head sorry man I was
commenting about the hearing the
cracking sound from within the head I'm
like oh oh yeah no it was it was very
you know fall down hit concrete blood
coming out of your ear type of thing
just think how it sounded to Joan so so
you're gonna head to a hospital
I mean emma is also pretty grievously
wounded with a gunshot wound I called
the I called the ambulance this one's
mine I mean we can all pile in yes the
ambulance is very confused guys like
five of you jump in the back four of us
oh that's right there's only four you
know right you two are going not no I
mean like it's Lana what's Donna doing I
think this is too much warm at this
point he's been through too much today
it's been four hours
yeah yeah it is are there like medics in
the ambulance who can do like first aid
on Emma on the way there or is that
something I should do No
I don't know what Shanghai ambulance in
sir like I can tell you what American
ambulance there was one guy who like
looks very worried but he's gonna like
yes he's oh wow look at that alright uh
you get two hit points back wow
that's pretty good for medical care um
who gets them back okay so so yeah
they're gonna take you off to the
hospital for no doubt some uncomfortable
conversations Flint you you get there
and you will you get to where she
pointed out and yeah you can find a
fairly easy trail of blood it very
quickly becomes clear that he is
traveling on rooftops so you're gonna
need to like clamber up on roofs if it
looks like there's if he's if he's doing
jumps do I think that I can just check
in alleys and pass between roofs cuz I'm
not necessarily I don't I can do the
long game here like he has to be going
somewhere
so I'm it's not a race he's faster than
me right right yeah yeah I mean the
problem with the problem with that is
there's some guesswork you know you're
gonna like you know this alley no I
don't see anything
am I good here's the question that I'm
thinking am I gonna lose more time
having to climb up a roof realize he'd
made a jump I can't make climb back down
climb back up or is it gonna be faster
to just jog around and scout and see
like ah there's blood over here this is
you like throw it into the microphone
inspiration sure like we're like we're
like - right we got to have it it's a
track rule able to make this alright
that's that's an ami right
Oh put him on the ami board Hey
surprisingly low on the ami board
so yeah so you you think that you can
kind of track you get a sense of the
direction he's going but it's get your
you you're definitely gonna be a ways
behind him time well no I'm not winning
a race I'm I'm going for the marathon
okay yeah so so how you do your you're
doing your alleyway plan and it's it's
slow going but you but you're doing it
all right you guys get back to the
hospital they want to keep Emma and Joan
in the hospital for a good long time I
mean with with with Jones head the way
that it did definitely Emma I mean
that's up to Emma but Jonah I think
needs to stay at least for a while I'm
sorry your head made a really terrible
noise yeah no I thought that it was
close to I thought I was dying
but I'm back though come on we gotta get
stuff done your back but if a hard if a
stiff breeze hit you how many days are
we to the Japanese destroyer
we're on April 28th right now think it's
four
I didn't take a map I didn't take the
days yeah cuz will be going on May 2nd
I mean so are you gonna like are you
guys gonna take the four days to kind of
rest up and get healed is that sort of
the plan I mean I think Jonah and Emma
at least need to I have to I don't want
to can we rest at madam Linds and try
and get these translated so you two Emma
and Joan they they the disadvantage of
going to a hospital is now you're
hospitalized they do not want you to
leave while you're under their care I
don't we can arrange for her care or
transfer to her residence I'm sure she
has a mean I'm sure if Emma asked nicely
hey you should ask nicely assuming you
don't want to get stuck in hospital no
if we want to get out of here I am I try
and use the phone again I'm on the phone
I'm like hello I'm like now I know the
number I'm like madam Lynn yeah mr. woo
will answer the phone mr. woo hello did
the ambulance pick you up yes thank you
very much and we have been we've come
out of surgery right I mean just in
general right there are two Annan ping
well that's that's a thing I have to
explain and it might be best to explain
well yes madam Lynn would be very
interested in hearing about how your how
your expedition worked out it was fairly
interesting but what we would need
assistance with is that currently the
hospital is not releasing us and so
therefore we I'm assuming have to be
to a to another party perhaps that could
vouch for our safety and security and
medical attention alexandria legit
snorts from the other quarter I see I
see well I think we can arrange that it
might not be until tomorrow
okay that's fine I can wait here very
well so yeah you're gonna spend a night
in the hospital Donnell and Alexandra
you can you can spend the night in the
hospital if you want if our other of you
injured at all I mean I'm still
recovering from some stuff earlier but
nothing current if you spend the night
in the hospital you'll each get two hit
points back you spend the night in the
hotel you'll get one I'll stay in the
hospital okay you both sleep in the
hospital all right Flint we have a
montage of you like it's you don't sleep
for like a day you're this like you know
you've got this crazy like I was about
to say have to stop and get a flashlight
so I can go through the night yeah you
are you what you have this obsession and
you are you are hunting the most
dangerous prey of all magical gorillas
you make me a listen role finally I
made a dice roll yay all right you hear
you end up at a warehouse and you
I'm trying to think how I can contact
people quickly and not give him a chance
so that someone else can kill him no no
not a sit like I don't I can't pick the
lock
well actually really quickly is the door
handle does it really slow it's unlocked
he's unlocked okay
then I'll open it up and I'll get my
rifle ready and I'll open it and swing
in and all right yeah you you step in to
this warehouse and you see a thousand
pound gorilla like huddled in the corner
like kind of Moaning a shoot I'm not
here to have a conversations alright
take the shot
uh yep you don't even get so you want to
inspire yeah is that your last
inspiration one more yeah oh my god no
gives you too much adrenaline yeah yeah
that's it you like you don't line up the
shot you just bring the gun up like you
see him and you're just like die cuz
you've still got this obsession and blam
it's not a lack of sleep has nothing to
do with it and and you miss and how Fang
looks up at you and he's he's been
terribly and he just looks up at you and
he says something and he says something
in Chinese and just as like looking at
you and I know that's Chinese and not a
spell yes yeah he's not there's no like
yeah there's no like I am chanting now
or anything like that
he's just me he's everything he
is labored I'll definitely keep my rifle
aimed at him
and I'll ask him to repeat it in English
ah all right he says you have to kill me
if you don't kill me
I'm just gonna heal you hunted me you're
a hunter
okay okay all right I am you I won't
even make you roll you can you can you
can so there is a you you just blam from
very close distance there is a shuddered
breath out of Ho Fang any as you are
watching ho Fang shrinks the whole
fangurilla shrinks back to whole Fang
and when he like whole thing like his
face is torn off with buckshot he's he's
got two massive bullet wounds all over
him you just shot him and he's got the
singe mark in his butt from the that's
right and a firework mark he's sitting
very gingerly and he just lets out a
death rattle and I don't turn into a
gorilla now you need to make me a con
roll well it's doing that the apology on
gives 500 bits to get her Andy Flint
I've also heard party gorilla gorilla
Flint what should we name him guys yes
while we're paused also apparently we we
pushed the wrong button
so chaos hashtag chaos in the chat to
enter the giveaway for Harlem unbound we
actually awarded the original one to
somebody that was watching The Price is
Right right now so if you want to win it
we want you to do it so
Wow that's even better Thomas says he
had an unfortunate beer meets laptop
incident
what oopsie I hope crud you're not
getting a new laptop just cuz you dumped
beer on it that might be stretching the
so here speak bad of beer the laptop in
rice as we speak so hashtag chaos in the
chat to be entered to win Parliament
back well how'd that conrol go alright
so you are surprisingly okay with the
racking pain that goes through your body
as you are now a thousand pound gorilla
I was hoping succeeding that was the way
out of be okay alright you also still
have your mustache you are a gorilla
with a mustache I am gonna shave
everything else so that and I mean
everything else okay so mechanically
your strengths he's now 150 you might
want to write this down I don't know
possibly maybe I might just want to
wrote on the bottom of my sheet flip
becomes a gorilla you get the need
notebook by the way sorry about that but
I also haven't gotten the mail yet today
so it might have come and I just haven't
seen it yet so yeah your strength is
150 your Dex is a hundred oh my god you
go before Donal my your Khan is 150 so
you have a lot more hit points you are a
gorilla
so no I'm already at 20
hitpoints so how do I go past 20 and had
like anyhow in the in your max hitpoints
thing up top you can you can that in
manually on it you will your so your
strength your con your decks all of your
you you maintain all of your
intelligence you know any spells you
knew you knew everything you know you
still have all your skills your rifles
gonna need to get remade you get
rejiggered for a much larger finger or
you just know i just have to tear off
the part around it's called it's called
a trigger guard and yeah you are a you
also oh sorry
your jump skill is now 70 so it goes
down and yeah you are
you know whenever you want to do gorilla
things you can do gorilla things and
can a gorilla go shopping for a razor or
is there a barber shop open I bet
they'll do the shading for me I can't go
shopping if he has money and he does
yeah are you like I'm not showing up the
madam wounds like this she's gonna think
I'm Ton Ton you just out of all of your
clothes are you are you gonna make her
real of pants what is happening the only
whatever
yeah whatever clothes you were wearing
are in tatters around you if you had
a hat on it's now on but you're gonna
need to buy a lot of very large trench
coat probably okay right priorities
trench coat because after they shave
everything that's gonna be just like I'm
trying to think of like what people
really hair cuz gorillas are like super
short hair is that really coarse I
wonder what happen if you shaved a girl
I'm we're gonna find out I feel like
good shaved gorilla I don't know we'll
start with the head and just alright so
it's it's like 4:00 in the morning at
this point
uh okay so you you shoot him and you go
through this transformation and and
then you you you hear a noise in the
back of the warehouse and walking
towards you with a very strange happy
look on his face is Carl Stanford and he
looks at you anything this is this is
fascinating how does it feel
time to put that jump skill to use sure
make a roll yeah cuz I actually really
don't like him can't imagine why yes
Sabrina you surprised you spring at him
and then you spring through him he is
transparent damn it oh I'm not foolish
enough to be around you now but thank
there aren't words no I'm no you know
what first stop it's busting creats
liquor I mean it were their crates of
liquor in here yeah you thought sure you
find you could just pull out a bottle
okay and I give him the finger and I
just walk out Paul does it take to get a
thousand pound gorilla drunk a lot as
you are walking out as written bottles
as you're walking out he says to say
hello to Donald for me I have the bottle
in my teeth and both fingers all right
uh yeah you you head out and are you
going back to the towers before I show
up and improperly prepared
I have a feeling finding clothes is
gonna be a nightmare
she's gonna have a poncho because that's
all I'm gonna be able to I just have a
tarp yeah you find right now you have
like a tarp wrapped around yourself that
you found in the warehouse so are you
heading back to the hotel what is your I
mean no first is I I'm going to do my
best to find establishments that one
don't completely freaked out when I show
up but I am getting a shave I am gonna I
doubt I'm going to have to find a tailor
who's gonna custom-make something for me
um but make me a credit rating role my
bigger question is tonight do you just
sleep in an alley in a poncho can i
saddest gorillas
to ever gorillas I use I use gorillas to
augment my credit rating I don't know if
anything hey you but if you're not gonna
take my money I'll rip your arms off I
mean intimidate is a thing yeah
intimidate intimidates kill is much
better now yes well we're gonna start
we're gonna start with a credit roll
that is a hard success all right so in a
triumph of money over common sense I you
find a tailor who gets you like the
biggest trench coat he can find and he's
gonna he takes measurements and he tells
you that he'll have clothes ready for
you in a couple days he doesn't have
anything that will fit you except this
trench coat and he'll also recommend to
you a barber sweatpants he'll he'll
recommend to you a barber that you go to
oh if you had one advance and warned him
to not freak out yeah that yeah the
tailor says he doesn't speak English but
he knows that when a gorilla comes the
gorilla wants a shave not the mustache
Oh everything on the face keep the hair
I want to just clean it all right so he
tells the guy that and you hear laughter
on the other line and then you show up
and the guy stops laughing and this is
the first test of your newfound
immortality because this guy butchers
you not like he's not trying to kill you
but he is killing you like you are
getting cut left right and center all
over your face he he's a terrified and
be not used to shaving a gorilla and so
I'll stop him and I'll hand him the
bottle all right but every time that but
the weird thing is you're not really
feeling any of these cuts
maybe it's the alcohol who knows but
you're normally no that's just how
manly I am so you are not terrifying as
this like weird pink head with a
moustache and then white gray gorilla
hair everywhere else yeah and you as
you're walking out you steal a hat off
the Hatrack and so you have a hat and a
coat now that have a tarp and a hat coat
from the from the tailor I thought he
had to take time to do that no the the
the clothes will take time the trench
coat okay yeah so and yeah you so are
you headed back to the hotel I think
that there at the hotel after what
happened I don't
I'll check at the hotel I'll often
mystically go to the hotel first I mean
the good news is you could just climb up
the side of the building and like I'm
not an animal as right just reenact King
you know you want to alright so
you're gonna go in the lobby so you have
to get your key from the the
registration okay yeah all right see
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and you're like could I get 4c
please
Oh which hotel did you go to the one
that you burnt oh you don't know that
one burnt do you do I no no no no cuz
they toid me that yeah that's right
burnt things are you going to the grocer
or the Imperial across the governor is
lost when you were all that right Rosner
is the one that burned yeah we haven't
we haven't been to another hotel since
we went to Madame Linz no thanks I won't
ask for the key I'll just ask if my I'll
just give the names of my companions and
ask if they've checked back in if
they're still here he says no well I tip
my hat and wish him a good day you tip
your hat she shudders though it's
Madame Linz alright you walk up to
the gate Madame Linz and they let you
right in because they kind of recognize
you although they're not used to seeing
you in a jacket one of them says
something to you in Chinese I only speak
English I'm sorry when I walk on by I
mean they're not closing it on me right
no they're they're like they're
dumbfounded and when you get up there
I want to do the bed foreigner thing -
every time they look shocked like
English do you you get up there and mr.
Wu like is he comes out of the courtyard
he's like why are you wearing a hat in
the jacket and wears ping I have no idea
where I am I'm wearing a hat in a jacket
because it's civilized
mr. Liu fails his sanity and Ezra blows
that is my papa it is Emma here
oh it's Andrea Donnell mr. Wu's like
backing away yeah you can talk yes no no
I can't no I'm unable to talk you're
losing your mind turn to other
explanation is there
why sure the pressures finally gotten to
you that's why go to the bamboo leave me
alone go to the bamboo oh no I'm going
in my room I go inside your room the
bamboo is your room walk inside oh yeah
yeah you you wanna fight you go to the
room you were staying in oh you know
what I'm going to that back yeah taking
a nap in the back you walk in and you
just drop the trenchcoat and you plug
you take up all of the bath now you are
the bath I can just see myself like
all scrunched up in it like yeah and
water let's see well you see mr. Wu just
like looking in a sponge and little
privacy and then madam Wu comes in whoa
madam Li what what's happened since
we've been gone madam Lin comes in and
she says something kind of stern in
Chinese to you I'm gonna let this play
out this I'm just gonna I'm just gonna
sit here she reaches behind the door
and she grabs a switch and she walks up
and just start slapping you with the
switch and like saying something in very
angry Chinese that I've burst out
laughing
she says something else and you hear
tonton now I've got bad news to tell her
okay
how do I do this I'm thinking like so
you know you you you actually do that
you there's a beat and you let out a
runner and like she stops hitting you
with the switch and no he takes a step
back and I say turn to Anne is dead I'm
I'm sorry who are you
God I forgotten who I am
oh my god no I mean you feel the
mustache like oh yes
I'm flinch no you're the American who I
know that mustache yes
it's magnificent how finds me how are
you a gorilla what well so whole thing
killed thun thun and then he became a
gorilla
then I hunted down whole thing and
killed him and now I'm a gorilla yeah
hmm Oh Fang is dead okay he's dead oh I
give her the address of the warehouse
you his body should still be there if
you need to confirm it she like she
immediately like gives Wu the address
but be very careful because he and
hint was a practitioner of dark and
horrible artists he gorilla hmm
obviously he turned you in yes that's
what happened it was him he absorbed
tuned tuned and then when he died magic
that's what happened I don't understand
all that stuff well I'm I'm very sorry
that you're a gorilla mm-hmm me too it's
not it's not how I planned this
going are your friends alright
they're supposed to be there at the ha I
heard they were at the hospital yeah
joning had her head crushed pretty badly
and then Donnell accidentally shot Emma
with some buckshot I don't know why you
alright she was running pretty fast so
it didn't seem to slow her down he
didn't shoot her in the face right you
you should see her should well I'll look
forward to your a full report on what is
going on I have to go to the hospital
okay okay and I splash more water on
myself
it feels good where you've been shaved
it's very itchy so yeah at the
hospital you hear some rapid angry
Chinese being spoken and then Madame Lin
bursts into your room and walks right up
to Emma and says are you all right yeah
we're we'll be fine
Joan had a massive massive trauma to her
head but are you all right I should be
okay I mean I'm in hell I'm into women
yes I'll be I'll be fine eventually it
just takes a while for these things to
heal I'm so sorry that you were hurt
well here's the thing I'm kind of sorry
because well things didn't go exactly as
planned whole thing is now gorillas and
then I'm just like I'm like and then
open one I like just waiting hope
how did whole thing get turned into a
gorilla well apparently magic gorillas
something-something
Co fangs or gorillas or all of us in the
same room where we incident room so
because how Fang killed Tintin
he became turned to well I didn't
exactly see what happened you could
guess that that's what happened I mean I
don't know exactly what's happened but
hoping bangs a gorilla he's very angry
and he's gone he left town my awake or
not yeah okay but but Flint went after
him yeah I mean flit went after him but
I also don't expect Flint to live
because he was I mean he crushed Jones
head under his foot and practically
killed her
Flint is your friend with the moustache
correct we have to save him I think
he'll be just fine is there a role that
I can make to fern to interpret what
that tone of voice means you could make
a psychology role did he make it back to
your house I don't understand where is
he I better make a role for her here
illness oh man I got a 10 so I made it
oh yes there was definitely like the way
she said that was ominous like look at
her you know I've tucked up in bed and
under the covers with me is the satchel
of Scrolls but they're pretty well
hidden because I'm not letting anyone
else touch them right now it's like
right what do you know
where's Flint I'm sure he's fine I'm
interested how are you sure he's fine he
went after whole Fang I'm just like
watching her intently I'm so upset that
I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what like Act you
know at her you know madam madam Lin who
told you we were here you called mr. Wu
and asked me to get you out of the
hospital as soon as I heard them if that
heart as soon as I heard that mo was
injured I of course came rushing over
here because I could not live with
myself if that star was removed from
firmament like she can't see my face I'm
like oh hello face has been obliterated
and he's and where is ping oh I don't
know we you don't know where my other
gorilla is I think your gorilla could
take care of itself
we were a little bit busy trying not to
get killed Oh lots of other just it was
horrible there was ping like Tintin
if you kill ping do you become a gorilla
I don't know
this them magic rubbish is a little
beyond me hmm well can I make sure that
you are all trance I will get you out of
this hospital tonight oh thank you and I
will make sure that you are taken care
of
[Music]
and she she calls somebody and has a lot
has a a quick conversation with him and
you know the universal language of do
you know who I am
is brought into play and she comes back
and she says you've all been released
into my care in about an hour mr. Wu
will show up here and bring you to a
safe house your house isn't safe if ho
Fang knows that my gorillas were
involved in an assault on him my house
is not safe I will not be going back
there
we will send and if your friend shows up
I will make sure that he is brought to
so in an hour mr. Wu will be here I will
see you all then Emma if you'd like you
can stay at my safe house I'll stay with
my friends for now until we see Flint
your your esprit de corps is a beautiful
thing and she will leave give her a
moment to it to get a little ways away
before I ask do we think that was
actually Madame Lin I don't know our
mediator is certainly capable of making
copies this is true and she and she was
very ominous talking about Flint
so do we pack up our stuff and go get to
another hotel I think that might be a
good idea for us or try to call yeah
call her call her up like call her right
now yes because if she's if she is who
she said she'd be that she wouldn't be
here yes okay alright so I pick up the
phone
any aisle you have to go to like the
nurse's station yeah I go the nurse you
now have the phone number memorized irlo
answers the phone hello mr. Wu is a
madam Lin available
no she she's headed to the hospital to
see you okay perfect
alright excellent or just tell Marilyn
she was hang on one second what when did
she leave ah so how long will it take
her to get here we're just curious when
she left he really should have been
there already okay alright well we'll
just wait for her I'll hopefully pack
my clothes I would like her to come get
us out of here so again thank you very
much for your help and consideration
have a good day now okay thank you okay
thank you okay
okay bye bye thank you bye
I only said it once why I think we get
out of here okay
so you ready not waiting for mr. Wu he
didn't say he was coming well he doesn't
he he doesn't yeah Joan safe to move I
mean let's go far you haven't spent one
night in the hospital so I'm at three
actually you both Emma and Jones you
both get to hit points back from medical
treatment yeah cuz it's like six o'clock
in the morning at this point isn't it it
is it is very late at night because it
was like four o'clock in the morning
when Flint was doing all the shaving
stuff yeah that's right yeah no it is it
is the morning and it's the next morning
so okay okay so I mean it's really not
safe but it's no more dangerous I
suppose than going wherever madam Lynn
wants us to go I feel like we gotta find
out what she's up to there's something
there that maybe we can get to the
bottom of instead of just avoiding it so
should we should I tell the nurses
station that mr. Wu is sending a car and
that we should be we should be able to
make our way so do you think it's better
for us to go wherever mr. Wu was sending
us or to go out on our own I don't know
I just know if there's something going
on I'd like to get like to find out what
it is I was successful was out there it
was it was successful and actually
killed Ho Fang then he's probably a
gorilla at this point and if not then he
is a squished pile of jam somewhere or
somebody he's talk somebody else had to
kill him the gorilla I mean I'm just
saying is that if he was smart are you
gonna used his money to pay somebody to
kill the gorilla I mean I heard things
can happen in the streets of Rome let me
tell ya I will point out Emma that Flint
as a man's man
therefore not terribly intelligent
everybody keeps saying that what does
that mean that's what it's about
oh no he thinks with the wrong head and
we'll just leave it sorry Donald
no offense meant I'm sorry I'm I'm too
sleepy tired maybe defin frustrated and
exhausted to even notice so what are we
doing are we leaving I mean if we're
going to deal with this head-on then I
suppose we go with mr. will and find out
what it was to find out but she was very
ominous when talking about Flint and I
don't know what's behind that but I
don't like it yeah and if that's the
case we can't man Donald's right we
can't avoid her well we can ask mr. Wu
if we're gonna meet her at the at the
house at the safe house and we would
promise ooming we'd have to call for her
because she said that she was going to
different house there's that but also I
mean maybe mr. Wu knows something about
what's going on yeah well there's an
invitation for Emma to go to her
specialist 8/9 Emma in that visit I
think it was a one only invitation yeah
that's worth a shot Oh let's go let's go
to the safe house itself first and see
what there is to say maybe see if we can
pry something out of mr. Wu on the ride
over yeah all right
so and I still have the satchel attached
to me with the scrolls
oh those translated really maybe a
listen roll boom Flint
okay that is a critical success twice
sizzling a bacon oh man a critical
success all right so you hear um
you hear like crashing and glass
breaking and and you are able to like
rise up out of the tub as ping tears
through a paper wall and starts yelling
at you in a language you don't recognize
oh whoa whoa why and he's just like just
read with me breathe you're not
breathing he is he is like every muscle
is clinched we're Corbett
you portuguesa Sagan you portuguesa
educator nah where is that you speaker
português no not at all
well no Spanish yeah but I'm not well
well so you can make a you can make a
Spanish role with a penalty die no I
mean I can physically roll the dice but
hedonistic either kneel or Nile wants to
give her 500 bits to make a sanity
you will get that he is saying something
about Corbett being that much I know oh
I actually told him about that
what he's very angry so what about
what about you do you have any plans you
want to you know get some clothes I had
a lovely shave today took the sideburns
off where go where do you want to go got
a bit Dell Salazar Whittle go
mmm-hmm and how many hundreds of years
you got a kind of make some decisions on
your own eventually right I'm going to
some sort of curse dragon Island
apparently he will turn on his heels and
he'll like go back through the ripped
thing and you hear the bamboo like
shaking as he goes back into the bamboo
forest and you think you hear like
crying is you gonna try and tear my arm
off probably on the plus side you're
immortal uh-huh let's get let's give it
a spin then all right so you and try to
hide out and you see in the inside the
bamboo there is a there's like a little
hovel that looks like this is where they
stayed and I'm like there's one like bed
that is just a nightmare of broken
sheets and messed up stuff and then
there's what is clearly Corbett's side
where there's a you know a couple of
books and some reading glasses Oh a very
nicely made bed hey guy hey hey I'm
gonna bag sit down next to him
alright make a like a charm huh I
have to make it or just usual again do
you just want me rolling dice I mean or
offer me a social skill if you want to
try it roll the dice and tell you that I
got a 67 all right so I mean I'm just
being genuine right now I'm just like
let's say you can go sleep inside now
you know it's not all bad I'm gonna get
some real breakfast soon what do you eat
out here sleep inside
yeah and Lux was in the middle of the
bath when he crashed you the wall have
you taken a bath anytime recently
they're nice no no lien house yes in
house yeah it's not a knowing house
oh yes al-azhar yes in house the bath is
still warm you could take a nice
relaxing bath I'm gonna give us some
food you want something to eat
see it make nice dumplings here I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go see if I can get
some of those dumplings hmm it's cool to
me you would you talk with them they
freak out quite a bit say no talk I'm
not I'm not korvac no I'm not playing
that game
no what a bit no who are you
I'm Flint whose fleet what me the
mustache remember the guy with the
mustache
look at this mustache
[Music]
Salizar stay here
well show me to bring some food out to
you after I am see okay alright I'll go
I'll go get a towel and dry off he's
probably gonna take more than one towel
I have this gorilla thing not what it's
cracked up to be
you should shake up a bit before you go
inside I'm sure she's got servants and
stuff they'll take care of it I'll wipe
my feet off at the torn opening to the
house they're not used to the gorillas
being inside well so we'll come back to
the hospital room and he'll say like oh
I guess madam Lin came in right after
you called yes and she said that we
should wait for you and that you would
take us to a say yes yes I'm supposed to
take you a safe house
um I hope you don't mind staying
upstairs from a bar no totally fine with
me i legit burst out laughing as I look
over at Emma I was like sounds like the
best place to hide ever never see it
coming
and so yeah he will he will have you in
a in a you know in a nice black sedan he
takes you to a bar in the International
District and above it is a safehouse
that is essentially a big room with
several beds a bathroom and a
kitchenette kind of thing and he says
I'm terribly sorry that it's not not as
nice as normal we have we're getting
everyone out of the house of Madame
Lynn's house as quickly as we can have
you seen Flint at all I lied I'd watch
his face intently well I'm asking that
uh no I have not
he doesn't seem to okay all right well
if you see him send him my way
I'm a little of course have you seen 21
or ping no not recently what happened to
them at the at the assault how did it
what happened with the assault Madame
Lin said that hope that whole thing is
dead she did he go away but he was
seriously injured when he left why
did she say he was dead I don't know hmm
is there anything else that I can get
you before I go
we have food here of course anything
anything you need just go downstairs and
they will they will take care of you it
we will we have a couple of guards
making sure that you're okay
keeping an eye on things if you ask the
gentleman outside this door he'll get
you whatever you need
thank you I like have have the hand my
head on on the satchel as I glanced at
the others I'm like do we ask alright so
yeah so we'll say oh thank mr. rue and
send him on his way
alright so yeah he heads off and you
guys are in a safe house yeah
yeah why did he say he's that who Fang
is dead yeah that's a very excellent
question when why would why would Madame
Lin tell him that when we told her what
happened
should we ask fern there there English
there's got to be English newspapers in
this mm-hmm
I mean we're in the International Court
right so we could ask for a newspaper
and see if but actually if he is dead
and showed up in the newspaper I also
think we should unroll one of the
scrolls and see if it's if what it looks
like yeah I'll pull one out and put it
on the table that I imagine isn't like
the main area and roll it out very
carefully it looks old in Chinese okay
we need to get a translator and we have
three days before we go with the
Japanese I don't know if that's enough
time to get the information that we need
before going out to drag ragged gray
dragon island on the plus side
we won't have well maybe won't have hope
Fang to deal with mm-hmm these scrolls
but what the seal that's the that again
we did these Scrolls but the seal the
side to make it so it can't be we need
the scrolls in order to put the pieces
of the Keystone back together and seal
up whatever is unsealed and that's going
to be essential for whatever we do gray
dragon island shape she could do
research but she's she's not able to as
a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm feeling much
better than I was had your skull
cracked under a thousand pound gorilla
foot yeah I understand but but didn't
Silvano have a to Chinese Chinese
English well yeah when she says that you
look in the satchel and there is it's
modern
I don't the question is how much has
Chinese changed since this was written I
can try and see what we can get every
single one of these little pictures the
book until you see that picture and then
figure I thought the word is it's not
that simple
no but if I can see how it's built I
might be able to pick it out from a
grouping because it's not just all
random it's you know grouped so I should
be able to do something so but I can't
go out I'm not gonna shoot things but I
can do this and you read hieroglyphics
the pictographs is the same idea just a
different language exactly pictures and
pictures made of lines so I understand
the the aspect I just need to get how do
they work can we get you some help
someone to help you with the translation
question is do we bring someone in we
don't find anybody into the house you
can't yeah it's a safe house
Madame Lin would obviously have to know
what's up and we would have to come up
with a cover story to figure out how to
get that person in here and then
let them leave this road and have no
access because we don't want anything to
come out about these rolls she'll want
them back so I mean stares and ask for
all of the english-speaking newspapers
to be sent up to us every day with and
some a laundry list of meal request yeah
yeah there's they will have tons of food
about so about here we go about so Joan
you dive in and you start working on
this and about about noon mr. Wu comes
back and he drops he says we have found
something we found notes on the
translation that was taking place we
sent it turns out that ping came back
from the house all right and ping had
came back with all the papers that he
could find from the desk we may have
asked ping - we asked Tenten and ping to
look for a few items for us we were in a
hurry these appear to be unfortunately
we don't have the scrolls but we and as
he says that like Joan is like scooping
the scrolls into like a desk drawer yeah
don't have the scrolls but we have these
notes of what the translation was and I
am going to put these if I can find
I should really bookmark that
Google Doc Google I know it takes me
forever to find it every day or every
time what is my size now oh great know
your size is 150 G's so if you need to
say break out of anything bonus+ 3d6
yeah you should be punchy Oh No nice and
effectively immortal go with a club a
bat which is pretty now we're playing
champions I'm gonna but I'm gonna go
ahead and read this for the benefit of
the ineffable I must be worked into a
natural substance which is innately hard
the unrivaled light of the marvelous eye
transcends taint if all evil presences
have been dispatched or dispelled he who
first chants must be able to visualize
the gift of the elder sign of those
signs sealing the festering's of the
dark God the most potent is the eye of
light and darkness inscribed into the
substance of a high place near the
haunts of evil and no further than 30 Li
which is a Chinese measure of distance
from them the eye expels the evil
strength for so long as the sign exists
the AI must be crusted the afternoon
before the full moon rises each eye
should reflect the lore of the place it
is carved and no two eyes shall be
exactly the same at moonrise the blood
of an innocent man must fill the pupil
of the eye once per drumbeat from then
to moonset as the first blood is given
chant the words sama-sama teo sama and
continue until
the moon sets when next to the moon
rises the eye opens to ward and to guard
gather the friends of good to work this
wisdom for too few shall surely fail the
wondrous I must not first burn where
evil beings are creatures lurk only one
incorruptible I'm a guard a location the
blood for the pupil of the winnowing I
must be fresh all who chant must detest
evil so that tells you something about
the ritual that you need to do and on
the calendar that I have is I'm assuming
a new moon as a dark circle and a full
moon is a white circle so looking at the
calendar I have the 8th of May so it's
actually a week after is our next full
moon a week after the Japanese take the
island we're trying to take as long as
we can clear the island we can take all
the time that we need to find an
innocent man to help shed blood I'm
seeking the gorilla is not close enough
huh because we can shed lots of blood
right so one thing that it does say
and and you know it says gather the
friends plural of good to work this
wisdom for tooth you shall surely fail
this is not it doesn't have to be human
sacrifice it can be a lot of people
giving some blood well and do we feel
like this is something that is you know
no no no no no person born of a man can
kill me type of thing where you know you
have to be innocent and a man in order
that would be a question for a
translator you know what was the you
know it could be the the language you
know there could be like there are
languages where pronouns some pronouns
have masculine or feminine readings but
they're not necessarily always
reflecting masculine that sort of thing
yeah who knows you you don't know enough
so yeah you have that is the work that
that and and you don't believe mr. Wu
saw the scrolls you guys concealed the
scrolls so oh you have the scrolls and I
would ask Joan to verify by Joan can you
verify this too can you like crop can
you reverse engineer this to verify that
this is actually something in a scroll
so like if you take that the English
words translate it into Chinese and then
see if it can find them yeah yeah I make
this much easier like I find that chant
you find the characters for that chant
can you start you start working on the
translating of that okay Flint so you
burn al-azhar some food and you you you
bring out the plate and Salazar is super
hungry he just dives right in and he's
very appreciative obrigado obrigado and
I attempt to match his enthusiasm
because I have not eaten in quite some
time as well so you bring extra out oh
yeah I I bring what I think is gonna be
enough for three gorillas cuz I'm not
too good at estimating I just try and
get them to make a ton of food it's
mostly rice I'm assuming yeah yeah it's
a lot of rice okay so yeah you you
feed Salazar and at a certain point mr.
Wu comes out and he will knock on the
door and he looks very scared oh come on
in is that still ping I mean his name is
his name is Salazar you call him ping
but you talk to gorillas No
I mean I can talk to a gorilla but he
happens to be able to speak some English
like do you talk to gorillas no because
they're gorillas
well no but you're talking to me right
now you see how it's a difficult
question to answer yes yes I'd like to
stop thinking about that
so III want to let you know that your
friends have been moved to a safe house
oh and and and the madam would like to
ask if you want to join them sure I
think that's I think that's a good idea
can consult was art come with us I don't
want to leave him alone he just lost a
friend
I thank you I appreciate your
cooperation with this really appreciate
it oh when do we leave
I'll check with the madam we are we are
getting everyone out of here
because we're worried that ho Fang will
it pack well he's dead yes of course his
men will attack and but it's Stanford
you need to be afraid of this is he the
white man with the glasses yes I see
well madam would like to talk with you
briefly and so he will take you and
Salazar won't like he won't go in the
house okay Salazar knowing house
Salazar can go in the house no he's rule
Salazar knowing house new rule new rule
Courbet said no in-house well I'm going
in the house Courbet go in house fellas
look to you it's your choice it's your
choice buddy it's up to you
you have the power okay go in the house
so I'm yeah you will you will come in
and madam Lin says I that you are going
to go and stay with Emma and I think
that would be I think that would be best
yes we are we are abandoning this place
and going underground for a little while
okay can Kinsella czar come with me he
just lost a friend he's really shaken up
about this nope
how much do you know about this magic
that has affected you
not much kind of hoping it wasn't gonna
happen I see now what I'm about to say
might sound like a threat but I want to
assure you it is not a threat if I were
to kill you
most likely
however there's a catch that is you
would eventually go insane I see and why
is that it's part of the curse
oh thank me to kill him Corbin asked me
to kill him
korvac Corbett was tonton mountain and
the gorilla they met in the temple that
turned them asked them to kill it
so if others hang do I become a gorilla
I don't know but I wouldn't be cautious
about exploring that lest you find
yourself begging korvac was begging us
repeatedly to kill him twin twin served
me very well for many years mm-hmm
the first words out of his mouth when he
spoke to us was please kill me why did
he speak to you and not to me he didn't
interesting well let's get you off to
that house with your friends okay let me
go pick up a few things of course I'm
gonna go meet up with Salazar alright um
Salazar is not in the house
no he's outside yeah he is not where you
for a track role sure I should be good
at this I'm not good at this crap wrote
you you start to look around and you you
hear a grunt and you come around the
back of the house just as you see two of
Madame Lin's people like looking at
Salazar and like putting their hands up
and Salazar looks very angry and right
as you turn the corner
Madame Lin plunges a spear through
Salazar's heart and Salazar grunts in
pain oh and slumps and all of a sudden
um he is an old decrepit sad man and you
here Madame Lin say something in Chinese
as she starts to just burst forth and
she is now a thousand pound gorilla and
she looks at you and she says isn't this
marvelous you're gonna need a shave and
I think that's where we're gonna end it
it's the perfect I don't even know what
happened there was a winner earlier for
the book I don't remember whose name
shadow beard and again don't forget a
great Gobbo kit drop an email to contact
at question chaos calm to let us know
and we'll get that prize out to you uh
thanks so much I had no idea that Madame
Lin was going to become
that you guys were gonna tell Madame Lin
that she could become a gorilla that's
awesome we will be back here next
Saturday for another episode Oh our
quotes I had to do too much
role-playing this time to write down a
bunch of stuff the only thing I can
see is gorillas knees I want to keep the
grenade he's just a magical gorilla
who's magical that might be the winner I
like that a lot
um you have a grand scheme at least
something's on fire and of course we
have to have the EMA fire he's crazy but
he's a man's man it's been a bad 24
hours for Donnell the most dangerous
prey of all magical gorillas that's also
not a bad episode title or he's talked
to someone else into killing the gorilla
that's mainly just for nicks expression
when that was brought up so so yeah we
will be back here next Saturday don't
forget Monday coming 20 185 the the the
possibly the big finale
this will be the undiscovered country of
carbon 21 85 hopefully it won't be that
bad that's the whale oh geez home that
was Star Trek undiscovered country was
hang on the internet can tell me you
might be right I've blocked most of
five out of my memory the only thing I
remember about Star Trek 5 was what
would God want with a starship
yeah I'm just country every country
alright so I was right alright so monday
carbon 21 85 Tuesday the Kaos agents are
back doing chaotic things and then we're
back here on Saturday if you get a
chance if you've not done it so far go
to our YouTube page
and subscribe we are so close to a nice
round number on there I think Thomas
said we're 12 away from you know some
some jerk is gonna give us the 13th
subscription and ruin it all
yeah and then we can take a screenshot I
also if you're if you have not done on
our discord our discord is a great
community there's all sorts of fun stuff
now that they've gone through it I will
actually I'll put up the map of Ho fangs
Manor there in the distance that you can
you can all see the place they they tore
through hey whatever happened to that
weird wet lady
I wonder she's I tried very hard to
avoid aspects of gnarley' though temp I
was and this one was way too primal for
my taste
I I'd like to I'd like to at least
imagine that she's just hovering over
the compound that gonna make the
international papers you just the night
strange localized typhoon currently over
just reading the weather report for this
week so thanks so much for your likes
your subscribes YouTube we love all your
comments its it's great to hear from you
this is a community and it's one that I
mean this has been you know the past
several months have been roughing so
this has been great to have this
community in and and our friends to get
together and laugh for a night and take
our mind off the hell the hell scape
that is the outside world so goodnight
internet friends and arrest the cops
that kill Brianna Taylor please yeah
yeah making a great weekend everybody
bye
[Music]
