Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends I have been told
nobody drink the beer the beer is bad so
bears I'm not talking about Gordon
Biersch our lovely sponsors that beer is
I am told good and you should drink that
that beer is coming from inside your
house and you should drink it beer also
a masked serial killer is that what it's
from inside the house those beers are
coming from inside the house yeah thank
you so much for spending part of your
weekend with us we really appreciate it
it is Saturday night and we are all once
again from undisclosed locations
although once again we have a new color
on the LEDs there show we're gonna get
show specific colors I hope so I just
hope I can remember what colors we use
every week for call of cthulhu
because i'd say oh yeah turn that one
down there you go this is C this is a
when you have professional people it's
gonna be like alright bring number three
down a little you can see how the
okay looks good looks good Amy we'll
never be done adjusting that so it's
start at a certain point we just have to
be does even I'm just gonna be like does
even the GM get lights behind them do I
finally get my green screen where I can
have like pictures to the side like a
boy I thought we were gonna go with the
red strings of the red string of
connection right we are very excited
about how the new studio is gonna look
and we we would love to be there soon
but to everybody's credit onto Thomas
and Amy's credit we are not going to be
doing anything in studio until it is
100% safe and I don't want to waste my
circle on you lose
really is what it comes down to the
California for those of you not in
California we have this incredibly bad
idea of circles where then who how you
can pick up to ten people that you can
hang out with outside and you're not
supposed to hang out with any other
people just those ten and it's as with
every regulation that that they have put
down
it's a gonna be ignored and B is
completely unenforceable so we're not
doomed now also does that remind you of
like phone plans from like wow very much
what it feels like you know what
everything feels like the eighties
[Laughter]
because carbons been doing a bunch of
know people are getting bigger hair and
things like that to you so you know
purpose so we have once again a full of
semi full week
a foolish week a good strong half week
of content for you this week two days
two days you know Monday we have the
mitten where James will be back in the
GM chair taking it's the return to the
Tower of Doom oh man when I was speaking
of the eighties this is probably an
order forth dunder Conn I run a module
called a first edition D&amp;D module I'm
quite young I run a module called return
to the castle of no return and really
all it was was an eight hour series of
fights and bad puns like that was the
whole that was the whole thing for you
for you first edition nerds the big
final bad guy was a mill bog I don't
know if they're still around they were
first they were a feel totally owed is
that no bugs were goblins that you could
only kill by healing them okay
they were I heard but it's the
opposite supposed to call them yeah and
they couldn't figure it out so
just kept doing hellacious amounts of
damage to this goblin and it wouldn't
die and it was divided it was doing like
four points of damage around and I was
just I was a super amused the final
fight took like because it was D&amp;D three
hours I felt like bow alright we so
Monday the mitten James will be running
return to the castle of doom and then
Tuesday Kaos agents is taking a break
because Thomas doesn't love you all as
much as he pretends like he does or he's
gainfully employed and he's working you
can pick which one little column a
little column be from Wyatt why not both
yeah but we will be back here Saturday
and then a program note for our
affiliates on the father the further
Saturday July 4th due to our intense
patriotism we will be honoring America
by not creating crap on that day we'll
just be doing in our own homes maybe
stuff up so there will be no game on
July 4th yeah that's oh and one other
exciting announcement on Tuesday they
triggered the old book of inspiration
and so tonight we will be giving away a
question chaos t-shirt of your choice
with several asterisks after of your
choice those asterixis will be filled in
in the text I don't have the time to go
into them also the lawyers are still
reviewing the the exact implements of it
but we will be giving away a question
chaos shirt probably of your choice as
long as your choice fits within certain
parameters ah yay how's everybody doing
alright I had to work this week what I
know it's weird for me
don't tell my company I said that but
they're very loud fireworks last night I
am I'm running on not enough sleep
sanity
[Laughter]
somebody tamago torah wants to know if
you're going to continue if this is part
11 of saltmarsh is coming up on not 11
the real sinister secret of salt marshes
that it never ends I mean that's what
happened with Carmen with carbon yeah
that's right speedy which carbon ended
that was the final carbon episode for a
while I bet I bet more at some point
coming back and it was awesome run I
really enjoyed being a small part of it
Warren is a fantastic GM and I thought
it was and I any chance as we proved
last week for 80s references I'm there
so before we get started
Amy do you want to go to the tote board
yeah let's go to the let's go to the
irritate Ezra board so there are we had
two bids left over from last time or I'm
sorry to Inspiration left over from last
time irritate your Rachael must be
involved but first actually tamago torah
is this to see some 500 bits to see some
guerrilla fights I don't know who that
goes to really goes to whichever
guerilla fights first I have to it has
to be a human to kill her yeah because
yeah because because otherwise the
guerrillas would have just killed each
others of marilla or they never thought
of it and it's brilliant I don't you you
found the loophole in the curse if they
kill each other they're both free and
human again is that how it works
one way to find out we're just dead yeah
yeah and then of course our favorite
player or our favorite twitch user is
squirrel on the run 500 to annoy Azeroth
to the players yay
you know I'm not mad I'm just
disappointed
wait a minute so then tamago Torah gives
500 to the players to annoy Ezra so I'm
assuming the gorilla one probably was
for Ezra and then this one is definitely
for us my favorite card of every week is
watching Amy do this because it's
torture for her emotionally torn when
slightly table gives 500 s room for his
37th favorite twitch user dude Etha zone
I didn't see the Hat no slighty table
just any chance I can make fun of the
half 37th favorite twitch user wait hold
on I have a list mm-hmm oh that is slide
eat oh yeah just pull out a calculator
slide rule and advocates we were talking
about all right so I think that's it for
the bits but I don't think we're gonna
need lots of bits cuz we're not doing
anything today right no I think it's
fine so so last week some things were
said some some emotions were felt I
think we all learned we all grew a
little some of us grew a lot of hair and
then tried to get it shaved off so we
had last week the assault continued on
ho fangs place of business and the
bloated woman came out to play and hey
whatever happened to her I wonder I
don't know and it turned out that Flint
ended up hunting down a grievously
wounded hoof and you guys did 42 points
of damage to hoping he was super near
death and Nick hunted him down like the
gorilla he was and ho Fang basically
begged him to kill him because he was so
near death and Flint suddenly wasn't he
was all mustache
it was and then I think really the most
horrifying scene I can ever imagine
any Call of Cthulhu game some poor
Barbour trying to shave a gorilla I
actually looked it up apparently it's
possible Wow she has curious my third
history is now really interested yes I
can only imagine what shows up when you
Bing shave a gorilla good for yourselves
at home just make sure your sakes and
the team tried to conceal a bunch of
information from various people with
varying levels of success they mate the
good news is Madame Lin does not know
that you have the the seven what is it
the seven critical messages of whatever
the bad news is she did find out about
the whole immortal gorilla thing and at
the end of the last episode
she killed Salazar poor or a ping and
she ended the episode becoming a gorilla
and Flint was there and a few other
people were there and so that's where
we'll pick it back up flick in front of
you is the body of this old Portuguese
conquistador with a spear through him
who has fallen dead at peace and Madame
Lin with her beautiful dress like torn
to shreds
she is currently like euphoric she is
just she's she made her contract to okay
yeah that's right and and she's
ignoring everything she is she is in her
own reverie and her her aide-de-camp woo
is just very confused right now I'm
amazed he's confused and not like
terrified yeah
I'm definitely watching her to figure
out what kind of danger she is right now
she's sort of crazy are you right now
she seems in a manic phase she is super
happy she will she will pick up the the
spear and pull it out of Salazar and she
will just bend it and like when she does
and she finally kind of snaps back to
where she is
oh my gosh so Braden Braden five ash
mm-hmm out to start his first ever mass
came so first look Brighton break a leg
kills killed them all
lowly pace yourself though ride them
crazy first yeah there is more effective
than any immediate TPK and Braden a
little tip for you if you're a Facebook
user there's a masks of Naya thoat FGM
forum that is great for bouncing ideas
off of people and getting resources
there's a lot of fantastic handouts that
have been put in there that's where I
got those in PC sheets that I've made
for a bunch of people I made those for
the rest of them and if anybody is gonna
be running mass anytime soon feel free
to email me and I'll give you those NPC
sheets I'm happy to share them to the
extent that they are you know
copyrightable material this is totally
free I'm happy to give them out to GMs
maybe ya know I won't post into discord
cuz it has stuff in it but if you're
gonna run mass let me know I'm happy to
share stuff and I'll sprinkle it give
you five hundred bits oh nice yeah Tbk
inbound 500 bits to s for it to go
towards the inevitable great dainty PK
that is a mask G
right there yeah Braden let us know how
many cities your group gets kicked out
of and how many places they burn down
yeah that's right yes
but how many vowels they get kicked out
of yeah we'll see if your players come
up with the back-up hotel idea it's a I
I recommend it it's good stuff so yeah
Madame lien is she finally sort of
remembers where she is and she's looking
Shh you need you are like me now I'm
we could rule this town whole thing is
dead oh yeah yeah I killed him I
remember that yes matter
I'm we can shatter the new China front
and we can rule Shanghai or if you and
your friends still want to go do that
whatever can't go to the island thing
that's great oh right no you know that
you're a gorilla right now right I know
that I am awesome so but you didn't
realize that you could become a gorilla
until just recently right meaning that
you don't know well tell me what I don't
know
the world's gonna come to an end when
that seems like someone else's problem I
can make money in that time okay all
right
like your priorities do you want to stay
here work as my right-hand man rule
Shanghai I'd like a suit if anyone that
so that's actually a really good offer
because well no I'm mulling this over
we are gorillas and going out into the
world and interacting with the world
just on our own is not going to be very
practical however you have an industry
which don't be so small-minded
enjoy who you are let's go to a club
right now I own several I believe it's
like pubs have alcohol I mean she's
making a lot of sense we we should be
celebrated we are the power in this town
until someone kills you and takes your
power
I can't wait for someone to try I mean I
am strong you see before this before
this I had to deal with those two other
piss pants to keep control in this town
really would like to stop by and say hi
to my friends if that's on the way to a
club oh you guys are out of character
you guys are hidden out above hmm yep
yes okay you know really quickly to my
guitarra 504 flint to go to the dark
side well if you're in a suit I think
there's a big long term I don't know how
I'm gonna function as a gorilla
she has an infrastructure which will
allow someone to function as a gorilla
so like don't get me wrong I'm in for
saving the world but I can also get
gorilla sized suits out of this so I
have to it's too long for a title but I
would love to title this episode
he has an infrastructure for surviving
as a gorilla perfect I mean I get
gorilla sized suits out of this oh yes
Emma that's right Emma we should go
visit them whoo bring the car around
oh it's a car a truck yeah a truck well
actually no Madame Lin refuses to like
bow to any sort of like any sort of this
so woo pulls around gorilla okay
and you both don't fit but Madame Lin is
like she she's happy to stand up she's
standing on the standing board on the
outside she is loving being a gorilla
she has her pin so tell me
Flint is it true we can't die no we can
absolutely die but someone has to kill
us yeah yeah don't make enemies I'm
going to make all the I'm gonna destroy
my enemies I think it's time to pay the
the bar how about we go how we go to the
club you so talk about the club I think
that is a very healthy way give yourself
some time to acclimate you know mate you
act like this is some sort of curse this
is the greatest thing that has ever
happened to us
a bunch of people kick people can kill
you you can die
I welcome them trying we're immortal you
said it yourself we could only die if
someone kills us yes but and that's
perfectly possible tuned tuned was
killed instantly by whole thing and then
whole thing was filled with a lot of
bullets
was he a gorilla when that happened yes
so it's gonna take a lot of work to kill
me and once I run this town
no one's gonna have that kind of power
except me now come on let's find out if
cirrhosis of the liver is something that
can't kill us no no see here's the thing
you can't kill yourself so you can't it
can't you can drink all you want
oh that's seizing see that's the sort of
stuff you have to explore I will be
running Shanghai fifty years from now
that idiot she points at Wu will be long
dead for me it'll be just like today
how old is Wu it's like 40 hang in there
in the 20s have a healthy diet get out
of this line of work
I I have spent far too long worrying
about keeping my place in this society
now I'm taking my place in this society
okay but you can still be smart about it
right I don't have time for that okay
it's been too long
that the name Madame Lin has been a joke
that those two men put on their lips now
okay so you can pace yourself like it's
it's not a race you pull up at the at
the club and sure enough in a basement
room in the club our she'll bring you
down so two gorillas come in the room
one of them is wearing the remains of a
lovely gown the other is Flint heist and
I'm behind her so I can do like the hand
up and she'd be like yeah I'm up with
daggers as soon as I see them because we
know that other gorillas crazy
right I mean this is it she like so
she sees you stand up with the daggers
cuz ahaha no no please please what I
don't want to have to hurt Emma you
recognize that voice right yes madam
Lynn oh and then she like on the tatters
of her dress she finds that Jade swallow
pin and looking right at all like
somehow making eye contact with each of
you she takes it and she plunges it pin
first into her chest and she I'm in
mortal no there was a lot of men in this
room that keep telling me what I am NOT
I am telling you what I understand
entirely ma'am let's not pay attention
to them come on over come and sit with
us what's going tell us what's going on
Lynn wants a drink
let's all go up to the club I feel like
dancing the band whoo we don't feel it
won't be seen right now we're all trying
to lay low we're looking bras I'll bring
you down whiskey they're all dead all
the people looking for you are dead or
I'm gonna kill them
you're going to kill pension
oh there's Stanford Stanford you need to
be and Hulme Stanford yeah yeah oh
they're very dangerous
I don't think Penn you lives on his
Island he doesn't care about Shanghai
and I don't care about his Island
he does Stanford Stanford's got a run to
that Island as well you may not care
about Shanghai but he gives a hell of a
really
either everything because it's Madame
Lin yeah if you want to protect Emma
you're gonna have to take care of them
so Penn Hugh and Stanford are the two
people that could hurt me and they want
you oh no no no no no that's not that's
not exactly how it goes
that's not how exactly how it goes
didn't know any how it goes then
convince me that I shouldn't just sell
you out to them
that's Oh times up I'm gonna go get a
drink
you can all just stay here oh I'm going
to get a drink - sure Flint come on
would any of the rest of you like to get
a drink
I'll bring stuff how's the new mayor of
Shanghai I should run for mayor the
first female mayor of Shanghai the first
gorilla mayor of Shanghai
that's Jeff that's for sure I shouldn't
be a mayor I should be a warlord and
she'll like me a suit guys is that all
it took was a jacket on and you were
able to get that by yourself well done
we could have just bought you pants and
you could have just left
oh no but she now she's she wants to try
to sell us though
now she's I'll go talk to her home I
think you've done enough what are you
gonna tell her we got to tell her that
those guys are just can't be around that
maybe somehow we can mobilize her
against them yes so I'm gonna run up
she's behind the bar drinking all sorts
of bottles of mysterious alcohol and
yelling at whoo about why the band isn't
here yet all right I'm gonna grab a
bottle as well so about about penny
Hugh and Stanford you know I told you
about the world ending
those are the guy yeah that was earlier
oh you don't remember that okay so they
don't I remember I just don't care well
think about it like this what if they
were taken care of and the world didn't
end you would have more time to be a
warlord as opposed to less time unless
you want those men taking that from you
and I presume you're suggesting that you
and the flotsam and jetsam downstairs
are gonna take care of all of this I
make no promises but it's better than
doing nothing what if they make me the
promise that they won't do anything to
Shanghai if I give all of you to them
and she throws that an empty bottle on
the floor it's crash because they're
trying to end the world I don't think I
don't think Shanghai is gonna be an
island in the void no one's trying to
end the world they're trying to rule the
why would they want to end the world
their crazy crazy people don't make
and about that whiskey oh yeah help
yourself on the house
please I'm going to test if the suicide
thing actually works yes you are both
drinking and alarming it takes a lot of
alcohol to get a thousand pound gorilla
even buzzed and come down to our
supposed to hold on and I'll bring some
bottles down stairs all right I don't
think she's gonna sell us out now and I
brought booze why did you say I told her
that can you and Stanford we're gonna
try it in the world and that's that's
not good for business even if she does
sell us out I mean she would get less
than a year instead of hundreds she
believed you I think so
do you think I don't know you're the one
who said gorillas have very good hearing
we were talking about so I'm just
assuming she has good hearing as uh-oh
listen skittle neighbor to help convince
her make sure that she understands what
she's dealing with her I'm just gonna
drink now the day yes or obviously we
have no idea what just transpired the
last couple days
so we're dealing with the woman that we
a cannot trust because she'll sell us
out to the highest bidder is egomaniacal
has no idea of the power of the
artifacts that she keeps giving it to us
and other people randomly and somehow
disbelieves that the end of the world is
nigh if you will
she I think she's warming up to the last
one but the first first series nail on
the head yeah that's yeah exactly and
you're like I don't know if I should
believe her the answer is unequivocally
do you guys know how to fix being a
gorilla I mean it appears it's the only
way to do it is to have someone else
kill you I wonder if the I mean we
talked about transference the one who
knows that that was Sivan oh I'm unless
he taught you that Joan and - a gorilla
not me do it who do we trust to turn
into a thousand pound gorilla that could
tear us all to pieces
nobody Brady maybe but somewhere Dave
what's his name just shuddered Oh Dave
McGillicuddy Jackson Elias yes only one
we trust well I mean yes but also about
doing that well and assuming that we
could who would we do it to and then we
just had that the problem of another
human turned into a gorilla
are there any just curse lifting options
that you guys all know it comes with the
standard gorilla package of course it is
it's under warranty what do you mean
curse lifting options you guys know
about this stuff you've been dealing
with I haven't seen anything specific
about curse lifting it I have to
research it and Silvano is the best at
all that stuff but I'm willing to work
but I have to get this other thing
translated so we can fix this top mm-hmm
it's not terribly pressing but save the
world
fix gorillas I think save the world
first and then we can figure out how to
how to I don't say fix gorillas cuz that
now that I've got some alcohol in my
stomach I'm gonna try and take the
trigger guards off of my rifles so I can
use them again sure yeah it's alarmingly
easy to do don't fumble with those yeah
just don't have them loaded yeah we do
we think the gorillas do I think really
good gorillas have good hearing you can
make a gosh the gorillas standing next
to us oh yeah go over there and we'll
try to say something you have to tell us
what it is
okay pretty good I'm gonna I'm about to
Bing do gorillas have good hearing my
search history is so full of gorillas
questions it's actually kind of weird
yeah being is just like wow all of our
really interesting while we're searching
for gorillas stats Bradon v ash is
also given 500 of the players I can't
even remember why anymore at this point
other than I can't even fathom why oh
yeah I don't know anymore
apparently gorillas have excellent
hearing
since visibility is often restricted by
dense vegetation hearing is important
for gorillas to locate one another and
detect danger gorillas seem to respond
to unusual noises that are not part of
their normal activity gorillas have
excellent hearing oh dear but what I
role science biology to see if I know
that sure I hope to give that exact
spiegel if I could
you're I don't know that so you're
not that worried about madam Lin because
the band has started upstairs okay
keep hearing punctuation of crash
bottles being thrown on the ground every
couple minutes oh so I'm gonna be do
with a drink or a little is it upstairs
or downstairs that I'm going because I
want to sneak and try and get mr. woo
away from her for a minute yeah you're
in the basement I'm not originally we
were in the Attic but you want me to
just go get him
yes please okay cuz I don't think I
would have any trouble convincing him to
come downstairs no not at all I just
don't want madam Lin to know that mr. Wu
is didn't missing for a second for a
minute he needs to slip away
she does not seem notice and yeah you
bring now that the band is there she is
she is dancing to music that she can
that now everyone can hear but she is
dancing by herself getting beer behind
the bar and just having a grand old time
good good yeah so we'll come down with
you mr. Wu you have quite a predicament
I don't follow
your boss is now a gorilla a drunk
urilla downstairs smashing things you
thought that you I mean I'm not too sure
what your relationship was before but
now I suspect your position is quite
tenuous potentially with her and
[Music]
we need to make an escape mr. woo we
gotta get out of here am i included in
this we you're gonna help us if you if
you would like to be certainly and why
do you have to why do you why do we have
to escape your boss is a thousand-pound
crazy gorilla indeed metaphorically she
has been so for some time now that one
matches reality so now she has the
strength of a thousand pound gorilla as
well and now and and now she isn't
constrained by the social niceties that
she's been constrained by for all of
this time correct
well it's less the social niceties and
more the balance of power in Shanghai
that is possibly the concerning part but
[Music]
this is a woman that has paid for the
our our relationship may seem a little
one-sided but she listens to me and I
keep her her baser instincts somewhat
under control that's gonna be a lot
harder without ho Fang in the picture
and I imagine there's about to be open
warfare with the new China front and I
feel like I have to stay here to try and
keep that from happening
you all seem very nice but there's no
way that you could pay me like she pays
me and there's no way that I could ever
appreciate you saying that if if you
wish to make your way out then I won't
stop you there are a number of other
armed men that may attempt to but I will
not let them know what's going to happen
but I think it's a terrible idea if as
you say she's now some sort of immortal
wrathful gorilla God then all leaving
will do is make you the target of that
wrath we appreciate your wisdom yeah
thank you
yeah no no doubt that was I don't get
that a lot right thank you
mr. Wu we have we have a greater mission
we're here to save the world what does
this place look like is he like say that
without sounding very pretentious and
yet morning as well so I think I I mean
okay I I think I think a lot of
people think they're saving the world
the new those idiots in the new China
the same kind of the same kind of magic
I got a I'd hate using that word the
same kind of power yeah not even that
I mean I'm just gonna go with magic that
turn Madame Wu into a gorilla Stanford
and Penny oh thank you I was like about
to call him Dave McGillicuddy for some
reason Penn you are gonna use power
similar to that in order to try and try
it in the world okay and so if we're if
we leave and we're now facing madam
Linden wrath it's it's it's we're in an
impossible situation how do we get her
into our our mindset of this is
something that we have to do and that
she needs to because I mean we she was
helping us with the gorillas she was
helping us with all this how do we get
back into the mindset of her helping us
do you have any any suggestions because
the last time she helped us it helped
her so how does eliminating and he oh in
Stanford thank you not McGillicuddy the
PIO does it how does it benefit her to
do so me the more that you can make this
about her well the more you could make
it about her but also the more that you
can convince her that whatever you want
her to do will cement her hold on
Shanghai that's really all she cares
about is ruling Shanghai and
unfortunately or fortunately I'm not
sure which she is a large step closer to
that and I don't mind telling you that
she is currently she is making moves on
hoe fangs lieutenants convincing them to
join her and she is taking over his
enterprises
and she will be using the more
aggressive men that ho Fang has to
attack the new China front that's what
she sees as the last barrier between her
and ruling Shanghai is she's a smart
woman and I mean even if she is you know
a little perhaps a little more
unbalanced than I would like but she's
very intelligent
we are literally stopping the world from
ending in January we can name the day
that it's going to end if if the people
who want to end it succeed and
apocalypse is a very diffuse concept
losing the entirety of a city that
you've worked that hard to consolidate
power over however is very real and very
present even if it is in a few months
and she's smart enough to think that far
ahead
yes but you need to figure out a way to
demonstrate to her that the world could
actually end because otherwise all
you're doing is giving her fairy tales
there was something here that hold
thanks residents some horrible being is
it still there we do we're not going to
that place there's at least three
horrible beings which one are you
referencing Donald is the monster girl
and there's the thing in the pool yes
and there was the funnel from the shrine
the same thing well we're talking about
the you talking about the water woman
you could witness up for herself perhaps
understand what we're dealing with here
the bloated lady yes I wasn't sure if I
should say that I'm hired oh thank you
convince her to go back
- Oh fangs I'm not sure that she sees
the need to she's done everything that
he well you've done everything that
needed to be done there I want to take a
quick second and say happy birthday to
Jay Matthew 85s daughter who is the
reason that he has is skipping out on us
tonight the the formless spawn of Jay
Matthew's 85 is it's not an insult to
the kid no I I knew it was the Cthulhu
Jay he has a thousand young so you know
if one's formless it's 500 bits - Ezra
from Joe Matthews 85 I celebration my
good pretty much I was like bit
situations concerning me here he also
has the the thick bits going on there
okay hang on yeah because she's more
thick I'm staying out of the way of that
but to say we fixed a gorilla I just
done comparison I'm just saying there's
yeah yeah so whoo yeah whoo basically
makes the point that like she is as much
as one can be when you're a thousand
pound gorilla she is a very grounded
practical like what's right in front of
me kind of person so we gonna do that
and so you know this is not the sort of
person she is not a long-term thinker
that's a dangerous quality and someone
who wants to run a sitting that's been
turned into a giant gorilla that's
immortal I mean that part too for that
well and what's worse is that I
completely understand and have terrible
ideas to go along with it you two would
be terrible in what turbo I'm wonderful
for running Shang
together I mean my gut instinct would be
to be like let's call the bloated lady
and introduce each other see who wins
but I'm just like what happens if they
team up together then we're an
explicitly explicit expletive ly bad
trouble not like I mean I definitely
read about it Gordon natural expletive
we're expletive ly in trouble yes yes I
like that I mean it's not a swear word
techno exponentially explained yeah say
that five times fast that's a great
warm-up whoo at that point you hear a
rumble from downstairs whoa whoo says
excuse me I
the mistress calls man you better go you
better go heads downstairs it kind of
makes me miss Silvano even more I know
the person that you could bellow for sit
in the corner and think about all the
things in my life that I have done
because now I'm feeling very much like
an 800-pound gorilla yeah you wanted the
smaller gorillas okay join the club
I'm having an introspective moment I I'm
literally seeing myself as a mini mini
madam lint in the making no I'm gonna
snag one of the bottles from from no
snagging required thank you guys thank
you are you guys gonna sneak out that's
the question honestly I I think I think
mr. Wu made an excellent point we did
being angry at us as well yeah I know
that would be bad or around to at least
not caring what we're doing and I think
that's a better option than actively
making her angry yeah I don't have pants
though I believe this is a morning of
April 30th
no it's the morning of April 29th winter
whole things no yeah no the 20th is when
is when we went to her fangs yeah I've
been actively keeping track I think
midday because we did have breakfast at
madam Linds yeah all right so it is the
29th also anything super early morning
because you were let there like 4
o'clock in the morning yep I also feel
like since we're not on madam like we're
not wanted anymore we should have have
no fear we should stay in better place
than this I'm just saying I suppose on
who's looking for us because Penn you
and Stanford are still looking for us
and Penn Stanford was the reason we left
the last hotel we can get Madame Liu to
understand that we're helping her yes we
just need to hang with less and wait for
Stanford and what's-his-name to come to
us yes more importantly what is better
than a place with free alcohol your yeah
who are you and what have you done with
Emma somebody who doesn't want to
live in the bottom of a bar anymore
so in two days I think it's in two days
or three days you have a date with a
Japanese destroyer yes yep three because
we're going May 2nd early morning May
2nd but May 2nd and did we still want to
reach out to Brady to try and see if his
men could be mobilized look at the very
least we need to reach out to Brady and
tell him what's going on with madam Lynn
because they are yes by an and and hope
to do that I'm not sneaking out I'm not
very sneaky I could probably just leave
but then they don't they're not gonna
recognize me okay okay but I'm just
saying we have to get Donald out of here
so that she doesn't know he's me well
she does she's not gonna care that she's
not gonna know nevermind I'm sorry to
say no she doesn't like you that much
one of the fellows in the group it's
fine well and do you want me to come
with
since I think it's a bad idea to go to
not have a buddy at the moment I still
has some some research to do yeah you
need to rest your head as much as you
can
are you so you're going to the new China
front is that your and sort of having
them get Brady that's what you've sort
of been that's the the the contact
system you've been given yes we got that
time we'll get ahold of him all right I
just want to try and convince him to
just yield the new China front to her to
avoid any sort of power struggle
basically double yeah it would be double
crossing what's his face a guy that
I'm not thrilled with all right which
one guy who runs the new China front
human yeah I don't want to get involved
in politics I'm have a good job
convincing them what they shall for you
it's really the head of it if you cut
off the head in the new China front
works for madam Lin you've solved all
the problems so it's ugly and we're
gonna have trouble finding innocent
blood for some sort of ritual but so the
one the one difference that I think you
guys would know this the nutria front is
sort of a political movement so they you
know they're they're nationalists and
and so you know killing two men will
certainly mess them up but it I you know
it's not like they're ever gonna let go
mean it sounds like she wants all the
power for herself so her direction would
be the same as theirs I mean right so
who's running it well and I suppose that
depends then would she then continue the
nationalist thing and effectively run
the new China front I get the impression
that she would I get the impression
Oscar it's the cult of Madame Lin
it's the only does God saying hi she has
no I think I think she could be
convinced to higher aspirations I think
it's like you know it's running China I
don't think she would be like you're
wrong
okay so Flint you go talk to her about
that while you guys go something else
likes come but she likes Emma I don't
want to talk to her about running China
she shouldn't run Shanghai Thomas we
just lost lights about that you got real
dark it was extra having a bunch of city
council meetings in Alameda that are on
zoom' and one of our city councilors for
some reason always takes them in City
Hall so he's sitting in like a
conference room alone and every 15
minutes the lights go out on the
conference room and so then they have to
get up and do this it's it really takes
the majesty out of the council to figure
out how to turn that off or descendant
to just beyond not you can barely figure
out how to vote that's my trenchant
Alameda political commentary that's
enough of that
so politics with madam Lin
all right you're gonna do that and
Donnell Alexandra you're gonna go talk
to Brady hopefully and to metaphor all
right
so we'll do that so you guys take a cab
I guess to I I imagine we would go a
little ways away from the bar before
getting a cab just so you know less of a
record or some up both of you make me a
spot hidden role here we go first rolls
of the night hey that failed 60 Q just
made it all right everything you don't
feel like you're being followed
no need to make something better than
that I guess all right so you head to
the new China front and you go in that
and he'll he'll say oh how can I help
you both looking for Bernie I see all
right well he should be here shortly
he usually comes in in a little while
uh dinner place we can wait
of course my office is yours what were
you involved in the disturbance at home
Ang's fortress we may have been what
happened I just like laughs bitterly and
and and plopped down in the chair and
just so much we I I sent some scouts - I
heard that ho Fang is dead and so I sent
some scouts over there and they have not
returned that's not good no and you said
some other Scouts but have them not get
so close sure possibly several buildings
away with binoculars is there something
I should know something horrible
happened there something we can't even
explain it to you an ancient evil
there's something that's arisen from
that building from that site whatever
whole thing was doing there it's beyond
comprehension and ho Fang controls this
no he's dead now so whole thing is dead
understanding who he's dead we've been
we I can't personally say so but it's
been told to us by several sources that
he is dead and when you wish you wish
for our assault on this island to happen
in three days that's correct
we're supposed to be leaving in three
days mm-hmm
ho Fang is dead
I leave with all my men what happens to
Shanghai are you working for madam Lin I
can't say we are but I will know to say
that we know what she's doing
you can't say that you are working for
her which is different than saying we're
not working for her we don't work for
anyone except in the prevention of the
end of the world why are you staying at
madam Lin's establishment she helped us
with the whole Fang situation so as a
favour
we did protect so forth but so you
don't work for her but you do favors for
her Brooke and she the favors for us as
well and so just so I understand in
three days myself and all my men leave
Shanghai go to some Island this the
entire city to that madwoman we may want
to leave before three days to be honest
with you you want me to be completely
Frank with you sir it would be a
refreshing change we're here doing you a
favor
madam madam Lin is is pursuing her fangs
lieutenants bringing them under her wing
she's going to come for you and all of
your operation in the next day or so
[Music]
she like immediately stands up and opens
the door and starts yelling in Chinese
two people and there is immediate
activity out there and he comes back and
she's going to attack us I don't know
where I don't know when exactly but that
was exactly what she indicated oh and
don't care what she looks like oh you
will well indeed what is so she and
her men are going to attack us do you
know when we don't know find out when we
assume it soon assume it's as soon as
she can get in any of her fangs
lieutenants under her wing what happened
why if if she's going to attack us if
she's gonna try and take over Shanghai
we have to be here we have to do we have
to attack her now we have to take the
initiative I will be a bad idea
tactically listen I you don't know me I
know that's saying this there's no good
for you you don't know my background but
there's a situation where we mobilize we
spread out we disappear we really engage
when the enemy is weak this is not the
time to strike let them take the ground
will you faded the distance into their
background move to the hills and your
hideouts return when she's weak or her
defenses are down ambush her she's
coming for you let her take the ground
you mean Shanghai and you can take it
back my friend you're not in a position
right now to hold it she has more forces
she's better armed and equipped she will
destroy your failure men let let her
make this first move be like water you
like water you fellow so your your sons
look you have given me very useful
information and I appreciate it
thank you we can talk with Brady when he
there's just no world in which us
fighting some sort of defensive
guerrilla struggle against the warlord
of Shanghai is even feasible oh he's a
little tank going to be like water tank
is useless in this farmer army I don't
think it take is ever useless well I
don't know versus a guerrilla why I'm
not I'll take the tank in that fight
every time you haven't seen the
guerrilla my friend no I've never seen a
gorilla that's true you're not letting
her who - giant gorillas no I'm aware of
madam Lin but she has gorillas she has
trained attack gorillas
yes it's worse than that yeah and gets
worse than that do they know how to use
machine guns yes and there are a
thousand pounds and very hard to kill so
Madame Lin has trained monkeys to use
machine guns yes humans that were turned
into oh boy I'm sorry this is not my
native language what was that last bit
humans that would turn to do gorillas it
doesn't make sense
let me say this send the scouts to Oh
fangs compound at the distance they'll
return and they'll tell you what they
they're seeing it's not you I care about
how things compound anymore when where
about to be attacked by machine-gun
guerrillas do you understand what you're
up against
he has difficult as it may be to believe
what was unleashed and how fangs
compound is worse we were in there we
saw it and it was what didn't whole
fangs compound going to attack me
tomorrow no they could as well we don't
know the city is in trouble yes yes
clearly and it needs a strong hand to
run it that's gonna be a large monkey
huh my friend gorilla Donal that's true
so she's trained her gorillas to run
[Laughter]
has Brady told you much about the more
weird aspects of everything that
happened I don't listen to Brady's crazy
stories he's useful for helping me train
these men they're not crazy true every
one of them and you can sing think that
we're crazy too and you're certainly
within your right we're trying to warn
you Madame Lin have warned me yes but
then you keep trying to unworn me or
warn me you warned me about one thing
and one tell me there are three other
things that are worse
yes because that's the situation that we
are in it just keeps getting compound
alright what so you recommend that I
send scouts to Ho fangs and then you
recommend that I decentralize a thousand
men that I have spent all of this time
training into being a fighting force so
then two other neighboring towns and
cities for the
boats I put them make them available so
you can bring them back later when you
need them destroyed all your men
honestly and I mean Donnell is better at
the city than I am in general but I
don't know that they have to leave the
city necessarily as long as there isn't
a central place for them to make an
attack against and so you no longer want
us to be involved in this island
escapade gods we want you to be involved
in it but I understand that you have
other concerns would love your help but
it's your decision my friend we have a
bigger problem than your town summit to
say and even your nation Oh Brittany
Brittany will help with understanding
this what he's saying is what he seemed
he knows the oak were up against he's
fought guerrillas worse much worse
lived with it for some time with
everything that happened with Carlisle
and when you say as you're saying
Carlisle like Brady comes in I told you
not to say that name yeah well welcome
welcome to the bigger situation mr.
Brady what the hell happened in whole
fangs bloated woman's out yeah pretty
what'd she say doesn't this does whole
we were coming from snows birdie we have
them we were able to recover those
before the scrolls yes and they'd been a
partial translation I could probably
find somebody who can okay get a
translation going please we desperately
need that Jonah Jonah is good but she
doesn't speak Chinese and we it anything
that we can get to help further this we
desperately need that all right I can I
should find somebody
does this change the timeline I timeline
the timeline might have just gotten
exploded Madame Lin yes Madame Lin has
taken advantage of the power vacuum of
HO Feng being dead she's hiring her
fangs lieutenant oh let's talk in
private
all right Chu we're gonna we're gonna
no offense buddy but we're gonna talk in
private
and like Chu definitely looks a little
peeved but he says of course take as
long as you want and he leaves his
office great he's like let's not talk
about power vacuums around Chu mate it's
a little late she's learn to strike no
that thing is out of the picture and
she's recruiting all of his former
lieutenants consultant you just told a
thirsty man there's plenty of water
across the street I just told a man
who's about to have a hammer brought
down on his operation that the Hammers
coming hmm he's now aware that there's a
threat I'm not going to apologize for
that we didn't he should move his
operation out of town this actually may
hmm I mean he's probably just gonna like
try it and he's probably just gonna join
up with the rest of the Nationalists
they might but I don't know if he's
gonna give up date I mean Shanghai is so
important to them this could just be an
open war and that's very possible at
this point short short version Madame
Lin is a gorilla look I don't like the
lady either no I mean a literal immortal
gorilla
you know the gorillas right the two
gorillas she had the strange very
strange gorillas you remember them sure
those are those are humans that had been
turned into gorillas by some sort of
strange
curse 400 odd years ago long out of our
reach or everything but they'd been
turned and the only way that they could
die is if someone killed them and took
the curse on themselves and so madam Lin
is a gorilla she must have killed one of
them wait there were two right the other
one was killed by oh thanks a gorilla
and then Flint chased down and killed
her Fang so our buddy Flint is a gorilla
I like that guy he he was talking sense
for the first time we met in the alley
yeah he's it's it's it's good to have
him and that's if we if we have to have
supernatural gorillas I like having him
on our side but Madame Lin is the
situation here we can't control this but
we do have those scrolls we can make
that that seal the eye of light and
darkness
we can we can start our objective is
still on track we can do this all right
where are the scrolls one of our team is
trying to try
turn the translate them as we speak not
really an answer to the question I asked
they're in a safe house that were there
they're hiding out all right well let's
go there the thing is Lin is aware of
that safe house if she sees you Lin's
aware of the safe house correct are you
being followed we certainly don't know
we had our vests obviously we've been
being followed since we came to Shanghai
so if she's aware of the safe house why
hasn't she moved against you well she
provided the safe house to us
wait what right you understand I've go
you're working for Lin we're not working
for anyone we do a favor for her she's a
favor for us you know the situation and
an enemy come and do a favor for you by
telling you that she's about to attack
we don't work for anyone
don't tell chu any of this look if he
thinks that there's a chance that the
new China front could take Shanghai
there's no way his men are heading all I
care about is that we get these men to
that island and I kill penny Hugh oh
that's your role my friend we we don't
have the influence with him but you do
you have to find a way to convince him
this is the placement stop telling him
he can have what he wants tell them
whatever you think needs to be told but
listen tactically he tactical territory
to make sense here in this situation
he's mostly because tactically now Lin
has got about two-thirds of the force he
can't have what he wants look the
problem his detectable retreat I'm
suggesting to him is an assault on an
armored fortress with powerful sorcerers
that's not a tactical retreat no way my
friend and I mean assaulting a powerful
fortress with sorcerers inside was
always going to be a dangerous thing
anyway all right I gotta talk to you
about this this is I'm gonna do
everything I can to try and keep the
play all right here's what's gonna
happen you're gonna go to this noodle
house he gives you an address
mm-hmm and I'm gonna let you know go
there for breakfast tomorrow I'm gonna
let you know you will get a message
there
they'll let you know if I've convinced
you or not you have to get Lynn off of
this attacking the new China front
business we'll do our best but though we
have a lot of influence with her as you
can imagine I mean it looks like he's
starting to get people out of here and
moving things around but there's no way
I mean where the hell do you put a tank
I don't know but but the more that he
can decentralize this operation the
fewer people there are are at risk even
if it's just scattering people in groups
of 20 around the city I mean what we're
supposed to days we're supposed to get
out of here we're supposed to put
everybody on boats no they want to get
on boats a bit early all right
so you'll feel you'll find out what you
need to do tomorrow morning understand
and you'll know whether or not and I
guess god damn it I mean if all else
fails I'm gonna have to go with you on
the with the Japanese yes if I if I get
involved with the Japanese I'm done with
you if all else fails get yourself out
you know what's going on in the wider
world you know what's going on with
everything that Penn Hugh has unleashed
at the very least we we need your help
yeah all right all right I gotta go talk
to Chu please don't tell anybody else we
don't talk to a lot of folks why the
ones you talk to yeah yes well so he's
gonna go and like escort you out
basically mm-hmm and then he and Chu and
you can hear shouting in the office as
they and in this warehouse
there are like crates of guns being
loaded in trucks there are it is a just
a buzz of activity right now we've
kicked the wasps nest yes yeah so you
head back
all right so Joan you're gonna keep
translating Flint you were gonna come
you gonna talk to your buddy madam Lin
yeah this this is not gonna go sideways
at all
Emma's sure she doesn't want any of this
excitement Flint you shouldn't go just
wait you sure I mean we I don't know if
we have time to wait if we're gonna talk
her down she's already she's already
taking action she's getting things set
up right now I don't think we have time
because I've also had more terrible
ideas to drink so spill it
what happens if we tell Madame Lynn that
there's an all-powerful weapon on the
island and that she's got to kill yes
thank you thank you I was gonna call
Crawford for some dumb reason now I'm
just coming up with names we contact him
this because my plan was to convince her
that she needs to think bigger than
Shanghai and if I can convince her that
she needs to think bigger than Shanghai
he needs a bigger weapon bigger weapon
and just 500 pounds and 500 pounds
mm-hmm so so in the other the other
thing I was gonna go with was if she can
take the new China front with as little
life loss as possible on either side
that's more manpower for taking all of
China that was gonna be my angle for
like why she doesn't just go in guns
a-blazing to do that
okay to just try to stop the city from
being on fire yeah yeah okay that's
gonna happen anyway don't worry about it
have you met have you met me what yeah
I'm not convincing you not to set the
city on fire I'm convincing her not to
set the city on fire am i hearing any of
this or am I just my my just do you're
wearing all sorts of disturbing things
all right so that's so okay guys I think
I like the idea of that she needs a
bigger weapon to get to get with them I
don't know if we need to talk to her
about making she wants Shanghai she
wants Shanghai how can we make her feel
she needs definite fire we have to
convince her to aim higher than Shanghai
I don't think so don't make her him
higher then she wouldn't want to go out
through more parts of China no maybe if
we get the China front out of here then
she could have Shanghai but if she if
she wants to aim higher she needs more
people and more weapons so that means we
can potentially convince her to not go
after the new China front instead try
and recruit her towards an independent
China and getting the weapon Plan B on
Stern who else who else wants to be a
guerilla Joan if you want to convince
her if you know this right and you want
to convince her that you can give her
more power you could you could trick her
into doing that right with you or
someone else oh she's not gonna want to
do the right of transference not if she
about what the right does can gorillas
wink yes it's even more terrifying
because his head is hairless I know I
kept I kept some stuff on top mmm I do
like the idea of her not being a gorilla
mr. Wu should be the gorilla Wow how how
people are we know no cuz then you know
he's family so tight there's not
alignment in this system yeah I could I
could dig more if I was a gorilla
I could there's there's a lot of
things I could do if I was a gorilla you
have to eat a lot more hmm I am still
hungry but I bet you men wouldn't tease
people will tease a gorilla it's gonna
be different but the same why would
people tease a gorilla that's like I
don't know what it's like I was once a
playing cards with the snake but that
makes no sense so it makes perfect sense
what the hell like she's a gorilla is
like playing cards with the snake we
need Sam Elliott to read these yes yes
Oh Edward James Olmos or something yes
or Christopher Walken would be better oh
yeah nothing else I'm gonna go talk to
Madame Lin about getting some food now
that I think about it she's been
basically drinking on an empty stomach
I think you know I think that I can
convince her huh and if we can set up a
positive feedback loop we're golden when
am I supposed to spring on the whole
green glowing weapon on her after we
convince her she needs to take over
China okay what and order food that
escalated quickly yeah bood food biz oh
you come down to the ballroom and the
orchestra looking a little scared
there's like eight guys playing
and madam Lin is at the bar on a
telephone and making no attempt to be
subtle at all you can easily hear the
conversation that she's having which is
essentially her her yelling at someone
asking why can't we just go into Ho
fangs fortress
I want it oh no no no no like she sees
you and she says so they do it and then
she smashes the phone down and just
crushes the receiver Oh anyone who goes
in there will die oh you used to be fun
just saying everyone who went in there
died you went in there
we ran out what is the fun of ultimate
power if you can't use it well if you
want ultimate power you talk to em over
here I thought we came to everyone
talking about oh yeah we should also
could be ordered food
I like a strong drink as of like I'm
like making like a Long Island iced tea
with all the shaking of alcohol so you
know where I can get more power I mean
what kind of power exactly are you
looking for surprised me
well okay so I don't I've seen the power
I haven't seen the thing that makes the
Penn Hugh and Stanford have it on the
island and it glows green I don't know
how to use it I don't know what it looks
like all I know is that it cripples
people and makes them exceedingly sick
even getting close to it it's like a big
weapon of destruction like a bomb I
don't I I just see what it does when
people get near it and this is how he's
gonna destroy the world
I can only I can only guess that that's
his plan and and of course just telling
me this so that I will help you destroy
it no I'm telling you that cuz Flint
opened his mouth then said something so
you're not at all concerned that I might
have this power well you said you didn't
want to help me so I didn't tell you
anything and you don't want to destroy
ruling the world seems like a lot of
work just China I'm happy with Shanghai
this is my town by tonight the new China
front will be no more by tonight I will
have control of all of her fangs various
businesses by tonight I will be the
power in Shanghai except is compound
yeah we don't need to bring that up you
should you should call whoever you were
talking to and tell them not to if you
want to keep them alive though and I
just I'm like another drink of wine
uh-huh
so we're think that ordering lunch I'm
hungry of course I'll I'll have Wu food
food for two gorillas and two non
gorillas I'm not sure not gorillas get
[Music]
come on you gotta earn your food or we
could go out and pay for it I see how it
we just march out the door yep just go
so are you trying to leave the the club
are you going back up to your room we're
going to leave the club all right
when you go to leave the club mr. Wu
says I'm very sorry but there are men
outside that will ask you not to leave
mr. Wu I'm hungry I need food I'll make
sure that food is brought up to your
room
thank you did not go the way I thought
it was gonna go so she's now she starts
she pulls out another bottle and she
goes to pick up the phone which is now
like just shattered whoa
I need another phone does she throw that
phone into the phone pile there's she
starts a phone pile all right so we're
going back to the room it's like I
thought we were gonna be able to explain
to her that she could see I told you not
making her try to do more she doesn't
want it she just wants Shanghai how can
we convince her she says that now but in
a hundred years what are you doing here
I thought you were eating for two no
surprise did the food magically show up
I'll go up when the food shows up but
I'm figuring that who's gonna come get
us when she's crazy I'm not hanging on
there Oh - all right do we want to tell
her about the squirrels at all oh okay
whoa oh no I'm just saying you know that
we're translating them and things like
that yeah yeah let's not tell her that
all right all right I don't think she
cares like if it doesn't directly relate
to how can I take over Shanghai she
doesn't care
so you do remember that she was very
fixated that's why she has fun Grady she
was very excited on the scrolls yes
that's why I was thinking it's maybe a
leverage okay cuz I thought Emma thought
I thought they were thought I think
that she just wants the scrolls because
somebody took it from her yeah and we
need the scrolls because it'll stop the
end of the world because I think using
those as leverage is less important okay
cuz she was seemed like was dismissing
us so I thought if we had something all
right okay well I'll just keep on doing
this yeah so there's much of
and take it whether big gorilla hands no
offense but I gotta go practice using
my rifles now this is gonna take some
acclamation it's so I'm holding it up
and like look look this is can I get
bigger triggers is that gonna help this
is is your pinkie use your toes you can
use your toes to fire shotguns an owl
bigger gun my friend I'm actually gonna
I mean I'm not that's not loaded but
I'll get on my back and like yeah
how're you you think with a little
practice you could fire two rifles but
that'd be but not with the sight like I
can shoot it but I write yeah the aim
would not be great but yeah yeah you
feel like you could like you know hang
somewhere and aiming would still be but
yeah huh interesting interesting your
your feet are indeed free hence you you
aren't you know you have opposable
digits on your feet as well but I still
or we go up to the roof and fire off a
few rounds do you think anyone would
wanna practice so you have not been
stopped anywhere when you try and leave
I have assumptions about that
I'm sure there's various reasons but I
am wondering if the police will actually
stop me if they see a gorilla carrying a
rifle I think that might be where they
like draw the line like gorillas and
walking through the city we're not
dealing with that girl with the rifles
been walking through the city ah okay
yeah nothing now no I think they've
learned though that when the gorillas
so light shows up and also Donal and
Alexandra show up and they fill you in
you guys fill each other in on your
various conversations
yeah yeah night Oh sometimes we can do
about that they've been warned that's
the best we can do well there's a
warehouse they can move that tank -
mm-hmm there's a dead hole Fang in it
though is that where he was that
warehouse was it that warehouse it was
not it was I was not completely there
when it happened it was a long night no
I mean conservation of NPC warehouses it
was that I've seen you going to the
hunter rage I can second see that you've
lost everything I have a question what
happens if Chu and the new China front
end up at the island then does Madame
Lin end up at the island or does Madame
Lin move on the property as opposed to
the humans I think she's going to move
on the property that would be my guess
because I mean you said that she said
that Shanghai is her only concern it's
her city right so that being the case I
don't I didn't sound like she gives much
for rat's arse about what's on the
island if they all leave it's just an
easy win for her right mm-hmm
a horrible question but what is
happening at the compound that no one
can go to or see or survives when they
try to visit it I mean I'm assuming I in
real trouble I could probably go check
it out and not die don't get too close
Madame that may need to deal with that
problem before all their other problems
I mean I suppose it depends if whatever
is there is constrained by the compound
theoretically she can leave it until
everything else is dealt with but she
wants it bad she wants it now I mean it
represents the power that hofa wait
right so that's I mean she's already
calling people saying go go there
go there all right I'm gonna disassemble
my rifle put in my duffel bag get
binoculars try and get some of that food
to go you should take the rifle because
muffin make it was 500 bits to have a
guerrilla shotgun shoot somebody with
the shotgun with his feet yes I'm just
going for this I'm so sorry to
disappoint him
but it's an elephant rifle I don't have
a shotgun okay then we'll shoot the
elephant rifle yeah with your feet
really it's the important part is that
it's shot with feet and feet so so
you're going alone to Ho fangs I'm
assuming everyone else is going to be
dead and you're in the late afternoon
yeah I miss so I'll let madam Lin know
that I'm gonna go check it out and see
what this is wouldn't you say that
because as you are heading to do that
she tears open the door to your room see
to your anything she comes in the
alcohol on her breath is sweet oppa for
ya
and she she she walks right up to Flint
she goes you want to come with me and
kill some Chinese fascists and that's
when we're gonna go to break so we have
a t-shirt giveaway and I thought we
doing it right now is that the t-shirt
hang on one yep okay so we got the
thumbs up all right so it's hashtag
chaos right now to be entered to win
your choice asterisk asterisk asterisks
of the lovely shirts the question Kaos
shirts there as always you can find all
of our shirts at our merch store which i
think is showing up in the chat there we
have limited availability of some sizes
that's that's the only asterisks really
you can as long as
fine with certain sizes you can have any
of the shirts you want yeah so how
should I give this we will be back as
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
welcome back Internet friends I wiped
some of the vaseline off of my camera so
hopefully I'll want to have quite the
streisand filter on me there we will be
a Thomas will be announcing the winner
of the shirt in the in the chat there at
some point probably I'm assuming but
last chance hashtag chaos to get in on
that on that shirt and so yeah so
Madelyn in her gorilla form which really
is her only format or what no that
implies that there isn't just what we
can change can't we we can change and
you're not telling us what I never know
you never know so yeah she's she's very
drunk and very in-your-face and she's
like I'm gonna go kill some fascist you
want to come along I was gonna go check
out hope fangs compound to see what
horrible evil is lingering around there
would you like a like a status report on
that yes yes I would
that is a great idea I look for that
ring about everything that's there well
then I'll just be going good luck on
your murder spree oh my goodness
yeah she'll head out all right
more and more I think we can't let her
survive this no no I make sure she's
well out of earshot yeah well okay one
thing I thought of is that silvano took
notes on everything and looking through
his notes I think I see the transference
ritual okay and I'd be willing
to do it and be a gorilla wouldn't that
require us to tie her down and then chat
for like three hours
well if I tell her I found a very
interesting ritual that will give her
more power maybe I can get her to sit
for us and maybe I could say oh well you
know we just need a little bit of blood
or we need a little bit you know just
something to tie her arm down so we
could get a little bit so I can make
that even stronger what do you guys
think gonna tie down a thousand pound
gorilla what no but but no me just way
to put I just you know like put her arm
tie it down like so I can get a little
blood and things like that make it real
make it the ritual and she should see
she she might stay for it what do you
guys think well I mean you can make the
very true argument that blood magic is
the strong test yes I love it don't do
it
also if you want to be a gorilla we have
a clear way to make you a gorilla
I mean this isn't hard anymore stumbling
upstairs just stabbed her in the neck it
took a lot a lot how many shots how many
other things that you have to do to get
well thank God for I think you saw his
body afterwards just full of bullets and
sear marks from flare gun sorry right
and I do not have that right now so well
we do have a ridiculous amount of guns
however there are also armed men that
Donal and I pass on the way in and they
said that wouldn't let us go out when we
wanted to go out to get some food if
they hear a lot of gunshots going off
chances are very good that we will be
turned into Swiss cheese moments later
the the right of transference might be
the easiest way but I mean she would she
would try to kill you and she would
tried to kill you as soon as she figured
about I we slow her down there can't we
stop can't we stop Tom what was the
other spell yeah no I don't know if I
can do both transference and stopping
time at the same time that's just no
Yousuf Yousuf stuff is less and well
annotated than the stuff that Solano was
working on the time stuff is less less
well done Bono was was writing down like
his experience with learning it to make
it and because we were talking about
making classes and things like that so
so any space meet that was my he never
he never took notes on that hmm so I
guess my question Joan you say you think
you can do this what you're you're you
know odds and statistics what are the
chances that this goes wrong okay Flint
you okay yeah Flint oh geez
all right he disturbed me with all that
you know some traverses gorilla
spit-take yeah I would say so what Flynn
meant to say is when this goes wrong
well you know no going going through it
I mean we I haven't had to do a lot of
it yet so I can't tell you oh yeah I
don't know problem but I've been
studying this and I'm very serious about
it
so I'm giving myself 60/40 okay keeping
in mind that the right of transference
was what Silvana was using when next got
snapped
one more after the ritual assuming it
goes right you're a gorilla just her
normal self what do you think she does
them kills us regardless
yeah she'll try to kill you right away
yeah
be ready for that don't give her a spear
you know you know you'll need to be
ready too
to be perfectly blunt tear her limb from
limb is that something that you are able
to handle I mean no disrespect but
killings not exactly your forte will be
what about the just knocking her out
will help will you be able to calibrate
[Laughter]
what if we look what have we translated
so far from the seven Scrolls of
whatever oh did we get an idea of when
we'd be able to get a translator I mean
that's probably what you're gonna hear
tomorrow yeah assuming that everything
isn't completely shattered tomorrow
right yeah that that time frame is now
highly dubious you have so you have that
the notes on the translation that seemed
to have at least for the one ritual that
seemed to be pretty comprehensive wait
are we talking about Silvano's notes or
the disclosure note the translation that
you got last week that is in the Google
Doc there that you if you're on our
discord you can actually see that Google
Doc we shared I shared all the handouts
that I've posted for the team on there a
good reason to join our discord well I
guess I'm off to try to not die no
thanks compound all right let us know
I'm just gonna ask this one more time
for no real reason at all you're going
- is I'm going to go to the outskirts of
the compound I'm not going in
but given the dangers there I think I
won't die from supernatural things how
about more mundane things
now I'll avoid the mundane things as a
well as a gorilla can I think I can jump
pretty well do you can climb yeah
climbing and jumping I think I might
take the high road are you going at
night are you going I'm figuring look
though it's like dinnertime now we'll
say yeah
afternoon evening alright don't want to
go I mean I'm just bored of being here
honestly are they going to let you out
yeah that's it are they gonna let us out
they seem fine to let anyone that wants
to go to how things go yeah I was gonna
say I can vouch but that doesn't I mean
honestly I'm deeply curious but also my
connection to sanity is a little tenuous
at the moment I knew the gorilla away
and climbing escaped the rest of us are
screwed and he thought what happened to
Tintin when he tried to tangle with the
loaded woman so what happened I wasn't
watching oh he was throwing up thousands
of feet into the air and about man came
back down yeah oh okay how did you
manage to kill whole Fang good didn't
have time to heal before you got there
so Lulu wounds that were done by a
person did not heal nearly as fast oh
that's good to know when when tuned to
and got thrown high up in the air and
crashed down well he said oh that wasn't
that must not have been a man you know
and then he was fine interesting so you
could infer that
that are from someone take possibly a
regular amount of time to heal but
wounds that are not from a person like
when she stabbed that pin in herself
like you could actually see like there
was no blood like the whatever the
puncture was like sealed around it very
quickly so Flint can't kill madam Lin no
but I can still double gorilla anyone
that she runs into who starts shooting
at her that's good to know because that
means that heal as fast that are really
good to know attacks from people my one
weakness also Flint something to be
concerned about is the fact that madam
Lin as a gorilla is out there with now a
mark on her back somehow
yes you may have to get a full suit it's
a long time you may have to get a human
suit foot over I like it
I don't think I could find someone to do
a human mask but I'll look into it
mr. chitinous cut her face off where
that oh yeah it is I mean I mostly said
that just to see your expressions got
dark it is
you know you head out after a a lovely
dinner and early its supper it's early
you had you head out and you well yeah
you do a lot of like running along
rooftops and jumping you know where this
place is it's up on a hill so at a
certain point you actually have to to
come down and and walk on the street and
everything but the hill as you're
heading up is eerily quiet there's no
sound of people there's no sound of
anything make them listen roll are there
any people things that I can get up on
and get a better Vantage so
unfortunately it is the lone building at
the top of this hill I know don't make
the listen roll okay yeah it's fine we
roof and watch of Madame Lena's place
yeah all right yeah you can sort of see
the
in the very far distance so like if
something blows up you know you'll know
I'll try to put on a show
Thank You hey something's up parentis
show look at that
so you yeah you you are you come up to
the top of the hill and the there's a
gate and then there's the there's just a
street there that leads into the gated
place there is no one around and again
it is silent
it's not a person hmm if it's not a
person you're probably fine probably
probably maybe I'm assembling the rifle
and then all so remember there is a so
in the front there's a gate and then a
road that leads up to the house but
around the back the wall is actually at
the back of the house yeah I mean I
would actually because where we came in
when we were sneaking in before was so
close to where things I would want to
check out like I'd want to see if the
water starts to bubble I'd want to try
and go take a peek at the shrine and
then run like hell okay so you're gonna
go you you sort of go off-road and you
make it around to the back and you're
gonna go over the wall yeah okay
so you take a sec you pull yourself up
and you look over the wall and it just
seems like an empty quiet house you
don't see anybody you don't see anything
the pond there is flat all right I will
try to slowly quietly lower myself over
make me a Khan rule right well your Khan
so basically if you're if you're oh if
you have a stat over a hundred yeah
don't fumble basically don't fumble yeah
cuz got news for you shut
I got a nice yeah alright huh
okay so you you you pull yourself up and
you're looking over as soon as you lean
over the wall
you're it feels like your entire body is
underwater even though you are not under
water and you are drowning hold on a
similar everything you're fine I put my
head back in you are drowning hole I
head back you're fine
shake it all about you I want to test
this and this just to be clear this
isn't like oh I you know teehee I'm
holding my breath as long as possible
this is I have water up my nose I have
water in my eyes I have water everywhere
there is water in my lungs I can't
breathe panic yeah it's just a question
of how far I want to try to push this
and I do not want to push this no I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna test this at all
okay all right yeah so you're just gonna
head back head back and I'm gonna I'm
gonna give a report on what happens when
you cross the actually I'm gonna go to
the front gate and step through there to
see if it happens all right I'm gonna
test the borders actually okay it'll
probably be better if I go along the
wall right so when you go along the wall
you actually see the the window
that whole thing jumped out of and it's
still broken cuz it was quite close to
okay I'm not I'm not jumping to it
alright cuz I pretty sure cuz I'm
checking if I start drowning if I put my
head in the other side every time your
head crosses that wall you start
drowning okay and that happens at the
front gate - are there bodies at the
front gate there are no you don't see
any bodies which is curious because when
you left this place there were bodies
all over the place something's happening
with them okay right it's it's time to
it's time to go home alright fun so Emma
I have some bad news for you there are
no explosions that's a disappointment
I'm just getting drunk on the roof now
and so yeah about about 8 o'clock at
night you make it back okay actually
before you make it back you are coming
back Emma you're up on the roof the
three of the other three of you are in
your attic room and your door gets torn
open again and madam Lynne looking drunk
and angry where did they go why was
there no one there I know you two went
to the new China front but when I went
there there was no one there did you go
the wrong place I have a very simple
question for both of you are you on my
side or are you on the wrong side we're
here in your establishment living under
your roof we're on your stuff it's fine
so what else did you wanna ask us she
she looks at you Alexandra since he
can't answer a
question without asking another question
uncle asked you yes am I just gonna have
to rip somebody's arm off because I have
not gotten to rip someone's arm off and
I really thought I was going to tonight
we're on your side why did you go to the
new China front we're trying to deal
with a problem on an island I keep
telling you about that you haven't
listened to us and we're trying to find
people that will help us
is this an the enemy of my enemy is my
friend Sun Tzu garbage perhaps I don't
know but I'll just they won't help us
either so you're no worries there we are
still you told them I was coming we're
trying to get them to go help us but
apparently they have other plans you
told them I was coming why if you're on
my side why would you do that I'm not
sure what you're talking about lady call
me lady one more time
gorilla may I put a hand on each other
like oh is this a good time to talk to
her about about I'm right here
yes yes what are the ritual Jones
she doesn't like magic she doesn't care
about these things that ritual it's a
bad idea what ritual it's probably a
I mean Joan you can explain it to her if
you want
well I've been looking through the notes
of the gentleman who used to be with us
who was a a user of magic and he was
proposing that there was a way to to
transfer power and I was thinking wow
that would be cool you could get more
power we could transfer power she's got
enough power she says wants anymore I
mean obviously who would have more power
than me that would Trant that could
transfer to me lint I see where you're
going with this I wonder what happens if
I kill him I don't think it works to
tintin tintin ping would have would have
killed each other long before they came
into your possession if they could do
that they tried to kill themselves and
many times they couldn't do it the
monkeys can't hurt the monkeys no
gorillas Oh realized she starts to go
get one of your rifles Donnell no
definitely he picks it up and she's
admiring it and then she just snaps it
Oh could a monkey do that looks like she
should we just talk more about this this
why should I trust any of you if you're
telling the new China front that I was
coming for them that's fine I mean if
you don't want extra power I didn't
think you'd go for it yeah you guys were
right
I'd like to use a GM inspiration damn it
you know it's not second ed yeah 85 ng
Matthews 85 is also one the t-shirt so
what he just heard party t-shirt and
come away Jay Matthews 85 ask for those
dice yet you will come back just as
Madame Lin holding holding a broken half
of a rifle walks out CQ of they think
I'm an idiot
I'll show them and she goes back
downstairs before she's gotten out of
earshot I want to be like so Joan is
that ritual that give me more power
ready okay well at least none of us got
our arms torn off that's a start yeah
sorry about your gun he's got more so oh
I'm supposed to tell her well first I'll
tell all of you do you step oh hey hey
hold on hold on I'm gonna like lean it
lean up and yell through the roof this
guy like Emma is she gone yet
yes she's gone come down here Flint has
news oh she was so so close to being
able to have us do the ritual work she
working we're just going to have to kill
her
that's funny
and thank you would you like to Emma we
can we get and turn you into a gorilla
no I feel like I'm half way to a gorilla
already and honestly I'm just getting
tired of drunk crazy gropey gorilla lady
I'm going to just leave that thought
entirely on its own and say Donald stop
provoking her and don't call her a
monkey again I swear by the little baby
Jesus there will be problems like crazy
[Laughter]
okay we're gonna get some real
interesting fan mail after that what I
feel you misrepresented this podcast all
right please think about the compound us
you go over the wall you start drowning
what is it I'll filled with water
no well you filled with water lady is
basically expanded to the entire
compound no it's like no fleet you
remember the people who were around the
the pool they all had water in their
mouths without anything else happening I
tried to ignore that oh oh they drowned
dry and then at one point I started
drowning
yeah for the record drowning is not a
thing of mine I am staying the hell away
from that place so it did affect you
though that's why I didn't actually try
to follow through to see if it could or
could not kill me it shouldn't be able
to because it's not a hurricane I didn't
but you know feeling like you're
drowning I just think that theory is a
lot less fun than keeping you know maybe
maybe after I have a full night's rest
I'll reconsider it but probably not have
you slept at all in the last 48 hours
nap in the bathtub I think you're
deficient friend
all right is anybody else doing anything
tonight I'll go report to madam Lin I'm
gonna say before you go the new China
front has moved
out we were the ones who warned them she
knows that we were the ones who warned
them
she's very pissed off don't tell her
about grounding I'm not gonna touch any
of that just so you know what you are
potentially walking into so the band I
wish you hadn't told me you you come
down to the bar and the band is still
playing they're exhausted poor things
they they don't look like they've had a
break all of today and she is sitting
sadly at the bar with several bottles of
alcohol that she's just downing good
evening what do you want I thought you
wanted me to report you on what I found
about how fangs compound do all of you
just answer questions with questions all
right what I'm fine what did you find
well the moment you cross the threshold
you start drowning like it's full of
water no you start filling with water so
if you you can go up to it and try it
out yourself you walk up to it lean your
head over the was anybody there no
nobody's whatsoever dead quiet was
anything coming out in there no not that
I saw and I don't care
Oh fangs dead that place can be a
waterpark for all I care Oh I wonder if
I throw people in there you'll die
will they throw people yeah that's a way
to do it
I really thought I was gonna get to kill
some people tonight it's always tomorrow
I'm gonna go to bed now leave you to
your thoughts do gorillas need to sleep
I am very tired I don't think I feel
great I don't need to sleep well you
could go insane if you don't so don't
risk it all right well yeah look your
friends have acted against me Oh went to
the new China front and they told them
that I was going to move against them so
that they were trying to convince them
to assault the island are you sure
that's not what happened I went to the
new China front warehouse it's empty
I thought I was gonna get to kill some
fascist bastards well maybe after
they're done assaulting the island
they'll come back and you can kill him
then well anyway your friends you can
stay here as long as you want but I want
them gone tomorrow it'll be hard to
convince them but I'll do my best
yeah see that you do whew finally
someone to throw at home Aang's compound
I will let everyone know and you're all
being evicted
well and when Flint comes back up I'm
gonna ask him so she she she killed
ping right she must have an order - yeah
drove his spear through his heart
is that all it took well yeah spear in
the heart or any sharp object so he
would kill me I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna kill you no I'm just saying that
it would this beer was there anything
about the spear was there anything
special about it or was it just a sphere
the sphere if it's that simple I mean
simple it's a relative term of course
yeah I mean you you think that surprise
played a large role in this yeah she he
was totally not on guard she was behind
him
he may have also wanted to die yeah he
was also part of it Salazar was
definitely his body looked quite at
peace if we can catch her by and by
surprise perhaps asleep I'm just
throwing the the thought out there she
cannot be allowed to remain she's
becoming too dangerous to us oh yeah
that was the first thing I indicated
when I came in he's crazy and she's
angry at us you know
yeah that's why she's evicting you
tomorrow good oh my stuff and I'm like
thanks and goodbye is ping they look
exactly the same no you could tell to
anything apart and you can clearly tell
a male gorilla from a female gorilla
okay but you know that was gonna be
absent at 1:00 friends yeah does she
look like thing no she looks like her is
a gorilla much like flint still has that
what hotel am I going to honestly if we
if we leave tonight we can find we can
find somewhere else I'm just going to I
come with us the last time we got
separated of a hotel caught fire but if
a gorilla goes into a hotel that's gonna
be conspicuous most hotels have back
doors that lead onto stairwells
you could probably if they get a room on
a upper floor you could climb up and
just go in the balcony there's that too
god I just want to go to bed I don't
blame you I don't feel safe sleeping
here me neither
I am out let's go she raised the
question about killing you giving her
more power so I wouldn't feel safe you
but madam bling seems to have left cool
come late and mr. Wu have both left cool
I'm not sticking around behind someone
yeah let's go and the night club is in
full swing downstairs the poor band now
has to play their regular gig it's like
Dancing with the red hot shoes mm-hmm
what's that movie that old movie they
shoot horses don't they oh that's a boy
Wow Cinderella story anyway
no it's a movie that depicts the
nineteen twenties and I think it was
made in what the sake of the 50s or 60s
about I'm right about the Great
Depression yep yep then yep and the red
hot shoes is something yeah you know
fairytales they're scary
so you guys can find let's see your now
you go to the let's see you've beaten
the Graz van der the Imperial okay
fanciest hotel ever all right there the
palace you find the Palace Hotel it is
the nicest hotel in Shanghai it is in
the international Quarter and yeah you
you get a suite of most of a floor it is
just climbing up or is he going through
the lobby climbing up all right yeah so
see you guys put up a window and
someone's gonna signal from the window
I'm not gonna be guessing and going into
some random person's room yeah yep yep
yep yep
I want drawing-room comedy here so yeah
you guys have a lovely night sleep at
the palace it is was there some
breakfast thing that was supposed to
happen
yeah you're supposed to go to a noodle
house right tomorrow tomorrow morning
what's today's date 30th alright so I
need a party luck roll so everybody make
a luck roll and let me know give me a
thumbs up if you make it let's see one
two successes heart or something let me
know I got a hard success I got 20 out
of 47 nope alright so two four successes
out of six let me know if we need to
spend some inspiration only you can
decide that only you so Tom and Amy
didn't make it
who has the error log I'm a 38 I'm a 65
I think we inspire Tom's okay there for
one of those inspirations is relish
ooting people with beat alright well
that was a very well spent because you
needed seven successes so yeah the next
morning you go to that noodle house and
you will get a note from Brady that says
that he convinced min to get his troops
on a ship actually a series of ships and
they are a they've essentially gone to
sea and they will rendezvous at the
island in three day three day yeah three
days to the island and we get noodle and
there is there is much slurping as you
get that note so I forgot how are we
getting to the island we're going on the
Japanese oh yeah that's right which has
not been mentioned in the new China
front yet I think Brady knows though yes
he's trying to keep them as separate as
so you have two days until you are
supposed to get on a skiff to the
Japanese destroyer what do you wish to
do I guess breakfast weekend disgusts
what to do about our mutual friend get
some clothes eat some food
drink some alcohol stay out of trouble
translating should be number one stay
out of trouble
get some clothes it's rude was there
anything in that note about a translator
oh yeah sorry yeah that's a great point
yes he also gives you a address for a
translator awesome that yeah that he
vouches for awesome awesome
what day is my suit ready you have to
work it you have to go work for a madam
is this oh he ordered yeah one it'll be
ready tomorrow tomorrow okay cool cool
all right so yeah I I want to go see the
the person who does it can I get
somebody to go with me don't can't go
alone there's what happened to the last
person that we had translate oh well
here's the question do you want me to go
with her knowing that they have my blood
and can make a copy of me well I can go
I've got my own problems
mm-hm so we're gonna send a gorilla to a
 nope I'll go I'll go
oats Donna Donna you know you know the
keyword I'll have me check if you're
suspicious sounds like a plan but we
know that you know I'll go you'll go
with me and you'll we'll be together so
nothing will happen I honestly I
honestly believe that for as long as a
sauce we don't go alone if we can avoid
it we do the buddy system together so do
we all go to the translator no I think
that Jen and I should be fine with just
the two of us but just you know and if
any of us individually is a bad idea
yes you guys true they can they can
always send a seamstress over to the bar
at the hotel
you're not wrong yeah the your you're
getting measured while you're drinking a
Manhattan you know it's you get yeah you
you take the scrolls to the translator
and possession I'm gonna be there I'm
not gonna do just give it to him
right oh you're gonna all right so the
guy is like he barely speaks he he
doesn't speak a lot of English he
English is a theoretical language to him
and and he's better at writing so he
tends to write notes to you instead of
speak and so yeah this is you you're
what you're welcome to stay he's going
to start pouring over the translation do
you show him the the notes that you have
that I've done or that were the one that
gave you I think it's a good idea
because it'll help point him in the
right direction and then he doesn't try
to retranslate the same thing twice yeah
no I think that's I think that's a it's
a it's a it's a good idea we're gonna
have to collaborate and things so yes
and but that's why I don't want to just
give it to him I want to be there so no
I totally get that and I'm and I'm gonna
hang out there too you know propping my
feet up on something and reading
whatever I can find it's in English
and and you know I I want to be involved
in a sense I'm not gonna try to I'm not
gonna try to like what's it what's that
what's that what's that but I want to be
involved and see what he's doing and and
and and and you know basically I know
so you are gonna hang out and go over
the seven cryptical books okay and he he
will tell you that this is gonna be the
work of several dates oh there are how
many pages this is like 80 pages of
scrolls I want to like write down a copy
of what the translated bit says so that
if absolute worse comes to worse we have
that part yeah everything that is in
that Google Doc you guys have cool okay
so and and then and then we can you know
hand him that and send be like here this
might point you in the right direction
okay yeah all right yeah so you two are
gonna like hang out this translators and
Joan you are a you're a slight help to
him he sort of doesn't understand why
you're there but he's very polite and he
tries to include you in in meaningful
ways I'm sure like you know do we need
to do this for three days well sitting
with him said this is the work of days
yes I'm saying is like are we gonna sit
here for three days are we going to I
mean the question I guess is you know do
we I do not want to leave these girls
again they have a habit of walking away
and walking away no I will stay I'll
stay
well but we could also maybe safely if
we could talk him into coming back to
the Swede and doing the trends that
during the translating job there in the
middle of the hotel waiting role to get
him to come stay at the Palace Hotel I
didn't figure cuz it's a nice it's a
nice yeah no I just keep thinking that
these are people who have families and
stuff but no old guy all alone alright
acting up a bunch of books which seems
to be most of what he owns
yeah and it
if we can get him there then we can have
someone there all the time to make sure
that the squirrels don't disappear that
way you and I aren't always tied to it
all right so you're spending your
morning doing that yes Jonah Donal Emma
Donal are getting drunk and getting
clothes fitted Flint what are you doing
in the morning after breakfast I'm
probably still hungry I'll go see what
Madame Lin is up to because I know the
she orders gorilla portions and then if
she has any reconnaissance that needs to
be done
I'm fine assisting are you going to her
house or to the club you made it sound
like she wasn't gonna stay at the house
anymore
but now with her overwhelming confidence
I'll stop by the club first and if she's
not there I'll ask around and then head
to the yeah the club is shuttered it is
closed after a you know you climb up to
the roof and you find it you surprise a
guy who's cleaning but there's nobody
there okay then I'll head to her place
all right when you get to her place
um you see laying in the so you come
up that you're they let you in and you
at the front driveway are three dead
bodies of just three random guys that
all look like they drowned okay so
that's what she's been up to you just
gave her a clean execution method I hope
you're happy because she's gonna tear
people up I'm certain that she's torn
people up as well or will soon so it's
not like oh yeah we know that that has
to be she is currently also getting
measured for clothes which is is more of
an undertaking for her but that Jade pin
is still like it's it's jammed and
wedged into her chest she is not taken
and it's like it's starting to like the
the healing has sort of healed around it
so that it's like embedded in there okay
I can do that if I want to yeah yeah you
I don't think you can get a tenth oh
well if someone else gives you a tattoo
I guess it'll it'll heal normally but
you can't give yourself a tattoo
I will never find that out oh did you
see the three outside I did my behind
rope to their legs and I threw them in
and then I pulled them back out
afterwards last minute for them to
remove them that for them to drown so
you had you had fun I should have been a
you're definitely taking this a lot
better than I am don't you realize the
power that we have if we're incredibly
strong gorillas yes
we're immortal well unless someone kills
us you always say that who is going to
kill us
well turn son was killed by ho Fang then
I killed whole thing so I've seen it on
two accounts so far then you killed oh I
Salazar ping Salazar look all I hear you
saying a lot of weak people got killed
we're strong and I'm definitely going to
avoid getting killed now you're you're
the only one that understands what this
is like you're the only one that knows
don't you feel the energy coursing
through you right now the power not that
I've had a night
sleep but you have to understand when
sleep is a waste I'm starting to think
that all that magic mumbo jumbo is is
there might be something to that I'm
gonna start reading those books that I
have I went yesterday I told my fortune
with the i-ching my fortune told me that
I should seek forbidden knowledge didn't
explicitly say that or was that the
conclusion you came to the i-ching never
explicitly says anything okay well what
okay so did you need any
reconnaissance done or anything like
no I think you should just go be a
glorious gorilla yourself but you're a
new China front loving friends oh you
might suggest they leave Shanghai soon
wouldn't call them loving you know that
most of us people are gonna die on that
so okay I mean the only sad part about
that is it's less I get to kill I will
uh I will see you around Flint mm-hmm if
I can ever help you you can keep you can
count on me you have you've been a true
friend through this you're the one who
told me all about this you're welcome I
I owe you a favor you can you can you
can ask me for something when you need
it I appreciate that thank you
just I'm asking right now is do me a
favor don't go overboard
get some sleep once in a while is that
is that your favor that you want you
want me to take a nap
you're gonna waste the power and the
gift that I give you on telling me to
I gotta find some poor more people to
throw in that fortress yeah you you will
head out that's uncomfortable
you know you think out of the edge okay
let's see what's happened in the hotel
it's the afternoon a nice a nice nice
old gentleman has moved into your suite
he is very quietly going through looking
through tomes and finding arcane Chinese
scripture and things and I've been
having flashes flashes of Terry
Pratchett's the librarian since this all
started I so yeah it's the afternoon
your your time is yours I'm sitting in
the main area of the suite where where
the translator is you know flopped out
on one of the couches reading something
yeah oh I'll let us start killing
everyone in Madame Lin is using the
threshold of the faint compound to drown
people she ties rope on them throws men
pull them back out or they drown to
death like flip the book up what exactly
did you expect I'm more just so you guys
are talking about doing something about
somebody has to be doing something to do
about her I mean I'm available to help
but I literally don't think I can
actually do anything about her yeah and
I think you can't and I mean I'm going
to be perfectly frank do you really
want me as a gorilla because I really
don't I mean it's not a question of who
I want as a gorilla as much as who I
don't want as a gorilla I don't want to
be a gorilla I must have known that it
was possible you killed him you saw him
die
what else would I have done not children
get a good thing for you you did the
right thing sorry I didn't mean to imply
otherwise I'm just sorry that you have
to deal with us I'm going through
silvana
stuff to try after the receipts at this
point I'm just like does not pay for
this the palace oh my god I don't know
if we can afford this speaking of
Silvano and receipts though do we need
to start sending a message to Rogers I
think we do because things are about to
explode here and I thought very least
he's going to want to know that yeah
that flint's of mach 2 riders what sorry
I do too good Christ
I didn't say monkey I don't have a tail
I'm sorry a little bit of dignity that's
all I asked for these trying times
you're just you're just Flint you just
happen to be in a different form but
you're still Flint or still every bit
yourself
I think Rogers would come after rata
blend that's the problem
except what he's not plenties an ape
he's a giant egg for the mustache
gorilla for the love of God Donnell
me I'll take ya yeah yeah okay someone
firebombs Matt and Linz
is it gonna be the person who
technically did it or Rogers because he
ordered it that's a good question
what then the curse is going to keep
passing
we should go to the temple I mean not
now if we live Oh
the temple where they found the curse we
might find the uncurse maybe well and
magic from what I've seen from what
Savano and Joan have been researching
the core of magic is the same worldwide
right it's just the the rituals itself
that yeah yeah there's I mean it's
different yeah
the ritual side of it is you know has
cultural differences but there are under
paintings you know everything has a cost
River you know there are every end
everything yeah yeah
so we might be able to find something
that can remove a curse possibly and if
we can find that then we can break the
curse on Flint and I'm spitballing tell
me if I'm completely off track could
anyone else who wants to kill madam Lynn
would also be under cursed I am not
playing with that fire until I know that
that can be undone I'm also wondering
what's wrong with this town that there
they haven't decided that there's a
crazy gorilla on the loose that needs to
be I don't know put in a circus or
whatever they do with them here no
because he's the wild because she's been
using them she's been using them all
this time to go after people and do
things so they've become immune to but
he's scared of it but at some point
madam Lynn is going to step forward as a
gorilla and run for mayor or whatever
the hell she plans to do warlord or
warlord he's planning to be a politician
in the eye at what point is someone else
going to assassinate her I mean it
doesn't have to be me there are plenty
of
like me yeah but then they would be the
gorilla maybe they're not as evil she
definitely has the 40 point disadvantage
over confidence not the 20 point
disadvantage oh yeah it's a champions
joke for you kids at home what
I don't know that system I'm sorry an
old-school superhero role-playing game
fair enough
probably the most Byzantine rule system
out there so we're just gonna blacks
hang out one else deals with this pick
up a suit tomorrow get on a Japanese
destroyer and then I mean you make it
sound so casual we need to make sure
that Stanford doesn't find us interrupt
us and stop this take the scrolls we
need to make sure that Madame Lin
doesn't come after us find us figure out
that we have the scrolls and then take
finds us kills us takes the scrolls
lest we forget still has the connection
because because of the headdress we've
forgotten all of that because of the
more immediate problem but Donald still
has the weird tattoo thing on the back
of his neck and you two still have the
connection through the through the
headdress it's all it's all
 so we're staying in I'm here and
I'm here no no no it's like we've got it
with buns that's that not a youtube
title but it's a fine but I still think
we need to convince her because I I how
do you convince someone who has gone
insane at some point reason stops
working be more insane she's got a she's
got to come to the conclusion on her own
I mean I've we've all offered her more
power and she obviously doesn't care she
just wants to be mayor mayor mayor
like warlock better
she has indicated that she trusts me and
that she would do a favor for me
really should I give you a favor like
what lay down on a guillotine mm I don't
think she'd do that one okay then it's
not a favor
that's that's how you tell if something
crosses the the favorite threshold we
should would you do that do what cause
ma'am tear people's arms up in the
island for all I care I don't know if
she'd go that or I don't think she'd
leave Shanghai well here's here's the
question she's a she's very focused on
the new China front mm-hmm
what if you told her that people from
the new China front are going to be on
sorry if I gave that away well no the
thing is is that how could we get her
there cuz we're going on a boat with the
Chinese I mean the Japanese the Japanese
yeah yeah I don't think I don't think
she's gonna I mean that's a bit strong
for a favor like hey I'd like to do a
favor for you I mean just offering
you're like would you go to war for me
it's like mmm also a favor
guillotine war favor mm-hmm III don't
know I mean if they're spitballing we
can lure her into a trap if we wanted to
lure her into a trap if you could get
her very seriously drunk to the point
where she is less sane and she generally
is and perhaps less looking for a
problem we might be able to lower her to
attract the question is who does it get
transferred to mr. Wu you think honestly
and I we all talked we all listened to
mr. Wu do we honestly think that we can
maybe it hmm nope never mind I make all
bad decisions I mean maybe maybe if he
thought that that was the best way to
protect his family because she is
completely unstable now he but she's
protecting his family right now so
well but if we can convince him that her
being this unstable means that you know
she might see disloyalty in any sort of
situation everybody make me a psychology
role skill that none of you care about
yeah three so close oh wow
so two people got it in a rare moment of
introspection for the Great Society Wow
so when we said you know when we was
saying all about his family his family
might be like that is that might be a
you know the protection is she's you
know she could kill them at any time yes
I would assume that it's the protection
that she was offering us protection when
we were trapped at that house it wasn't
protection it was you do anything out of
line in your dad yeah so that being the
case we actually might be able to talk
him into doing it understanding that he
would then have the power to protect his
family against anyone like well he's her
second hand man what if he steps up into
her position I don't think he wants that
position exactly and if he fails he has
more to lose than he has to gain I mean
does he want to be a gorilla that's
that's her Rogers right who wants to be
a gorilla this could be a campaign we
could hold auditions I mean we only have
to show exactly who wants to be a good
girl you could just start telling people
about the curse and see who goes after
her or Flint anyone who kills her gets
her power it's not spread rumors about
killing magical gorillas until I'm out
of Shanghai just stay out of sight stay
hidden up here we'll protect you more
you go out and get soup and a suit as
well we could get the suits in here and
we can get soup sent here
even easier the the palace has a very
fine kitchen look madam Lin is a problem
she is an immediate issue and she may
not be much compared to the worldwide
problems but I'd like to survive to get
to the worldwide problems maybe Rogers
could capture her are we leaving
tomorrow no day after the morning of the
next day okay honestly I need a good
word for that in English German has the
perfect uber morgen I think English has
a word for it but no one uses it really
I'm sure I'm sure I've read that
somewhere the day I would get like the
day after tomorrow or something like
that and that's too much world that's
too much like nuclear war now or no that
was the day after yes oh I have no
um is anyone gonna send Rogers any sort
because the I think the last he knew was
Flint coming to Shanghai and so we're
sorry a Donnell coming to Shanghai yeah
I told something I feel obligated but I
don't know how to any report I would
send him would be a mess I'm focused on
me issues tell me that's not a great
episode a title I'm focused on me issues
it would just be a telegram like I've
been cursed as a giant gorilla he's like
what happened the headdress and Donna
like all news ain't news we got new news
yeah no the new news I think maybe if he
can capture her well more importantly
they can tell them island in all
actually so everybody make an
intelligence roll here I also feel like
Madame Lin
and me at some point or not all right so
let's see two successes Joan you've got
a hard success so let's force okay four
successes yeah Rogers could bring some
troops if you need soldiers for the the
assault not not in two days maybe he
could find some innocent people I don't
know
we do need one of those well and and and
we also are gonna be doing that ritual
on the full moon which is like two weeks
away so we have time to get now an
innocent person as long as we specified
very clearly no children and we need
multiples so we can do drops from each
kind of thing and yeah but honestly I I
think that it would be a good idea to
tell Rogers what's going on I think Joan
has a good idea about I mean it's the
American military they should be able to
capture even a powerful thousand pound
gorilla gorilla especially because her
she is overweening with confidence and I
think reading the Greek called it hubris
shouldn't it shouldn't be though that we
tell about the island in case we all go
there and die I mean I do you know we
have to we have to we have to give him
the whole the whole I think we're going
to descend like seven Telegraph's and
he'll just love that this is where I
wish we had Silvano he could just type
up a report and send it proceed your
admin work has really gone downhill I
mean I I can type up a report and try to
condense it into a telegram I was taught
how I was taught type you know I was
taught that sort of thing I just don't
do it so what is it her ask of her
honors so I think that what we're doing
is we're telling him about what about
the situation in Shanghai and boiling it
down into its most basic forms about how
Fang about the Nutri about the new China
front about Madame Lin we say in
somewhat oblique language about what
what's what what happened with Ho Fang
and hope to Christ that he can figure
out that went sideways so we tell
them about those we tell them about
Madame Lee
becoming a magic gorilla because that's
in the telegram you say Madame Lin is
now gorilla stop diversed don't confuse
with flint thorn castle gorilla edition
Madame Lin is now is now cursed gorilla
but also tell them about about the
island and what we have found out about
it that there is some kind of a massive
weapon on the island that will create a
hole in the sky like we don't know much
about what's going on it's a massive
weapon massive limit the amounts of
weapon that ought to get any American
military person worth his salt jumping
yep a massive world killing weapon mmm a
massive continent killing weapon
something like that a weapon of mass
destruction
perhaps you send off a series of each
more alarming than the last telegrams to
write they're very detailed telegrams
it's not like one set one sentence
telegrams like would be last got from
Silvano right start with the good news
has been turned into an insane gorilla
and is killing people great news whole
thing is dead progressively worse yeah
thing is probably the American military
is their thumbs everywhere do you is
there i apologies if you said this is
there an ask in the telegram I think
that we asked to capture if we can get
him to capture madam Lin or get troops
onto that island I mean in two days it's
a lot but and maybe help us find number
one goal that's kind of a blood shortage
help us find an innocent person which I
understand is a huge American know what
the US military's full of yeah no no no
we can week tit who who exactly do you
recommend because none of us five here
you are not you are entirely too good at
sneaking things through through places
to be a to be called an innocent I don't
think he's innocent anymore after what
we did to him all right so yeah you you
send off a series of very of telegrams
that you become clear to you that the
telegram office they don't speak English
because they don't react at all - oh
good they're just sending over the other
code and then I guess wait for a
response
okay ah and keep a weather eye out for
another insane gorilla I'm still
translating still helping out the
translation so Joan do you still have
that spear from the fish man yes I mean
if worse comes to worse it's in that box
demonstrated that a spear is very
adequate and yes yeah I would I'm not
gonna go hunting her with him but I'd
like to have it on hand no agreed it
we've brought it in with the box that
we've been carrying around I honestly
think we unpack it and keep it as an
keep it easy to grab do you think it
could stab the bloated woman that's a
good question I'll have to take a look
at it and see if there's any any
symbolism on it or anything that I can I
can just but it's from her realm there's
enough I remember from the little
Egyptian guy talking about one of you
learning how to breathe underwater is
that true
we did what learning how to breathe
underwater when you were wearing the
headdress right or that it's that stupid
headdress it goes in so much trouble it
magically gave someone a ritual to
breathe underwater doesn't know sorry
what oh yes look at those notes no the
head no Jonas spell yes go against the
loaded woman's can she can you I don't
know this I don't know this no no I I
don't have the headdress anymore I don't
have the staves anymore you remember the
spell though yeah and if you do it as a
ritual it shouldn't cost that much they
shouldn't there's an episode title I'll
have to take a look because I don't
remember it's a ritual or that's the key
maybe you can do something all right you
cast it the headdress actually right
it's turbo cast it for you right right
that's why I'm saying I have the
headdress any more on how the stage that
has like it's a spell not a ritual yeah
so on the plus side it acts very quickly
on the minus side there are power roles
and magic points and right all that fun
stuff yeah almost always if you're
casting a breathe water spell you want
to cast it quickly that's fair very rare
like in 20 minutes can you cast it on
other people or is it just yourself
you've only cast it on yourself so far
but who knows try I could go further
into the compound if you can cast that
on me don't get caught by madame Lindo
she'll want to know who's gonna say
though it's like do I have enough power
to perform the spell without drawing it
that something only you know I'm afraid
I don't know yeah that's bunk that
that's I'm gonna have to figure that out
also there's only one way to find out
well but do we want to save that for the
attack on the island
I mean so out of character
the magic points are gonna come back
when she sleeps right exactly
so there's
there's very little drawback if we want
to test it out now yeah this is
different than the elder sign thing
where you are imbuing some of your power
into something and that power is
transferred from you to it this is a
spell you cast again it's it's almost a
reactionaries it's almost a reaction
spell right right so I may not be able
to cast it unless I'm starting to do the
drowning no the soul that is actually
that is the only time you have cast this
spell you were drowning complaining to
the head rest you're above water I
thought I was no think the headdress
gave it to you when you were no you know
what I was translating that over mine
Noah during the episode John was just
complaining that he just hadn't taught
her anything and the mattress was like
fine here's this now you can breathe
underwater there we go what now it's
like oh this is actually really useful
you actually know something really
useful back into the circular argument
yeah all right so it sounds like a trick
yeah ho fangs fortress might be in order
what could possibly go wrong everything
Adam Lynn she's gonna be there throwing
people tied on ropes in there although I
think the Falls gonna kill them it's not
that barbra fall if they can't get back
through the thing in time so you and are
you gonna go at night what is your plan
it's a bet it's starting to be the
evening evenings good want to give it a
go all right so are you all going well
we all can't do this little trick that's
a good idea well and someone wants to
stay with this girls here right yeah
maybe if they the giant ape or gorilla
gorilla the giant gorilla goes
acceptable well he asked you I mean
that's the whole one of the whole
winces oh so it sounds like Joan is
going to be casting this spell on on
Flint and Flint is going to go over the
wall and see if it works
yep general what stay hidden by them by
the wall yep I think if I go back I
think a gaggle of us would make more of
a scene than we necessarily want
so maybe just the two of you no one
should someone be with Joan to make sure
that she's safe as if she's gonna be
around there that's that's not a safe
place to be even if the wall does act as
a barrier that's fair
I'll come along then all right three of
us because yeah if this works and we
could use it on our on our on our trip
to the island too so yeah okay you keep
guard over this girls make sure no one
comes and guy fetches them all right
so you get to you get to the fortress
and are you gonna go around the back
again yeah and that way everyone isn't
standing around the front okay you get
to the fortress and Joan make me a pal
role as you cast this spell yes all
right regular success regular success
all right I'm gonna roll a die okay uh
are you gonna go and so Flint you're
gonna go over the wall yep you do not
drown but there's still water in my
mouth and everything
no you phone oh sorry yes yes you're
right there is water in your mouth you
can just breathe it yes okay I do and
that gives me a couple of take off a
couple of magic points for that too I
have yes I'll tell you how many in a
little while all right all right and i
and i'm and i'm keeping watch outside of
the wall I'm letting I'm letting Joan
and Flint handle all of the walls I'm
focused on the outside right yeah I'll
start but Joan how many magic points do
you have
sixteen all right good no way that's an
ominous question at all I'm gonna I'm
actually gonna hold a little the little
girl who had the mouth full of blood
room mm-hmm you know we make a beeline
for that all right they do help you open
that door
and she is in there
with most of they devoured a body of a
dead man and she when the door opens she
looks up and she there's something in
her in her and her facial expression
that shows recognition and she says
something to you in Chinese
do I just gurgle ya know with the spell
you actually can talk oh I Stay I
she just sits there in her little she's
got a little tea party set up have a
nice remember there's not water
everywhere yeah yeah but but you don't
seem unaffected by whatever this spell
is really quickly does it look like
she's breathing yes okay I'll back out
now okay tip my hat
all right and if the so the water pools
not acting up from what I saw then I'm
gonna try to look for the shrine again
okay don't stay too long okay you
head into the shrine taking a lingering
second to remember how great that gun
room was I still have that gun and you
yank well actually you get to the door
of the shrine you had slammed the door
shut when well we we kept it shut but
someone else went inside there so I
don't know if he left it open or closed
door is closed
all right I'll open it okay
inside is a you open the door and the
the threshold of the door is like the
wall of an aquarium so this entire room
is filled with water I'll step into the
water I'll stick my head in and hold on
to the doorframe in case something
horrifying pulls me in all right you're
the one person that I never want to say
this to make me a strength rule so
that's a hard success yeah you managed
to hold on to the door jamb but you feel
yourself like there's like a feeling of
undertow that starts to like pull you
into the water pull my butt and this is
a steel door and you are easily holding
on to it all right yeah I'll pull myself
out and step back and head back over the
wall all right so you close the door
yeah
all right you so you come back out into
that open courtyard and you climb over
the wall and yeah everything's fine
okay do we have any
we've accessed it like heavy chains or
something right so the the shrine that
we saw before is completely filled with
water and it began to pull me in oh it's
you thinking maybe of weighting yourself
down or anchoring yes why do we need to
get new shrine I think there's something
in there that we can destroy right nope
I hope that there's something in there
that we can destroy that's wishful be
honest I would like to point out that me
throwing a grenade in there is part of
what triggered the cyclone just throwing
that out there I'm just throwing it out
there huh like the idea of an anchor can
we get an anchor I'm sure we could yeah
what's that between our I could be I
could pull myself out of there you've
got some friends in the Navy yeah and
you are then you're the only one who can
go in and then you're gonna fight
whatever's in there I'm good
look for something I don't know I
honestly don't know what I'm gonna do in
there but if you go after the statue
that's what I threw the the grenade at
and that was what caused the everything
John you lose three magic points okay I
was gonna say do I need to stop to spell
or anything you did like constantly suck
on her while it well that spell was
running that's my guess so ya know I
need to figure out we can't do it
all right well I'm glad it worked I'm
glad it worked but I'm glad you're
saying oh and the the creepy girl is
still in there she seems to be able to
breathe fine and she's been chewing on
that corpse which corpse there's been a
few yeah this seemed a newer corpse than
you would have been okay seems like a
fresh corpse I think we know what the
bodies are going yeah her at some point
Madeline's gonna throw a body in there
she's gonna get on that body man was
gonna pull off a little girl a little
girl's gonna jump on her it's all gonna
go to hell I I don't know if that will
actually work to kill her though because
the little girl isn't human I would
suspect that would be like being killed
by the by the thing in the in the shrine
all right
all right so what do we need to do
anything else before we go guys so we're
going to stand around here we're leaving
the day after next not tomorrow
correct but you're leaving the morning
morning morrow is your last full day in
Shanghai so we'll look for an anchor
give this one more go I'll get a suit
bar entirely too excited about that suit
after you go in the water oh no no I'm
not losing the suit in there all right
so you guys start to head back at the
hotel there is a would you do this to
Donald there is a knock on your door
look through the little people all right
you see you see so Kotaro
the Japanese intelligence officer Dora
all right he says he asked if he can
come in he doesn't want to be in the
I presume that you and your compatriots
are prepared for our voyage we are in
the process of being prepared we will be
prepared for the voyage as and the we
will take the skiff that the destroyer
is cannot come near Shanghai it would be
in an international incident if we
sailed a destroyer into Shanghai Harbor
we will be a we will take a skiff to the
destroyer I have a unit of Marines that
skiff how large is it what a curious
question its skiff sized there are there
are you five there's me and there's a
pilot a minor deviation when a member of
our party is a little bit larger than
they used to be I feel like there's more
to that sentence there's much more but
it's hard to explain he explained
himself he looks like a gorilla I'll put
it that way he looks about the size of a
gorilla
well is this the sort of thing that will
unnerve my sailors if the professionals
now I see well we will find out in a
day's time
Raj Raj is there III do have from the
warehouse we are bringing plenty of
weapons we will also have the destroyer
is the plan still just to level
everything on the island I just yell out
from the other room bring some grenades
[Laughter]
grenades as fireworks yeah and I mean
yeah yes the plan right now is pretty
much to lay down the fire from the
destroyer so anything that we can is
destroy it and then we'll move in on
foot and see what's left I don't wish to
you're not a soldier and I don't wish to
bore you with such things as naval
doctrine but it is a very complex issue
too once once we have soldiers on the
ground the destroyer cannot fire on the
island
we cannot our weapons are not precise
enough to understand about military
artillery and friendly fire I understand
yes all right
ah then I guess everything is in
readiness in a day's time my friend we
die for the glory of the Emperor now
hope enough of us live to understand or
very well he like he like is a little
choked up he's a little emotional
like he's clearly scared drink I've
been drinking all day you know that
might help so yeah so the the are sort
of closing shot is you guys coming back
from Madame Linz heading back and you
all come in and you find Donnell and
taro who has now had probably three more
drinks than he's ever had in his life
and is definitely a little drunk and is
he's like doing a little more talking
than you're comfortable about about the
importance of a glorious death I come
into that yeah oh god yeah you walk in
he's having he makes his sand roll nice
so he looks up and then he looks at you
and he says about the size of a gorilla
oh he didn't say monkey looks just like
a gorilla doesn't it it's amazing yeah
except they're not mustache I thought
you can tell it's the mustache how how
did this happen it's a very very long
story to come over him put a head on
Donald's shoulder and say can you pour
for my shot did someone turn you into a
well so no I'm not giving you any ideas
actually last person I told about this
went insane and also became well I don't
know the order I open door so I've been
in the other room with the interpreter
and a gun like this just be like just go
ahead I'll be like tell about madam Lin
just go ahead and then just show the
door yeah
so you do you know if madam Lin I know
of her yes she runs nightclubs
Donald 1000 pound gorilla and she's been
killing people so that there's more than
one of you two yep so how did she become
a gorilla
I was I opened the door again I'm like
tell her how tell tell him just tell him
how to keep that one a secret we don't
need any more people know this might be
the solution to our problem do you want
to become a 1000 pound gorilla what
don't know what are you gonna do to me
know what no no I like it wasn't a
threat yeah when I told Madame Lin how
to become a thousand pound gorilla she
went and became a thousand pound gorilla
we like to hear any people into gorillas
it's a curse it's a curse the curse well
just some people apparently to others
it's free rein to theirs it's it's gonna
be okay it's gonna be okay we have the
good one
there's a good one and then there's a
bad one Madame Lin is the bad one and
we're trying to figure out how to how to
deal with that but anybody anybody who
tries to get rid of the gorilla will
become the gorilla
if they succeed in destroying anyone who
succeeds to so you try to kill me do not
try do not try to kill me no just
I why would I want to kill you no I
don't know no Shh
we've had we've had kind of a long
couple of days yes we've had a very very
there's been so much for us to drink
because I have some serious concerns
about this expedition now the expedition
is gonna go beautifully we're all gonna
die that's where we're gonna end it but
it helped me a glory Oh dad yeah and you
say you're all gonna die tarah like
brightens up a little yeah that's
awesome this was you know it's always
fight I there's no better game scenario
than just listening to political
machinations for three hours that's like
my dream month so our quotes for tonight
are that's actually a really good offer
she has an infrastructure for surviving
as a gorilla which is an underrated
title I think we could have just bought
you pants and left do you guys know how
to fix being a gorilla
we're expletive ly in trouble which i
think is the leader in the clubhouse yes
yes the person that you could bellow for
which that was kind of an all moment
that was cute I'm not convincing how I'm
not convincing you to not burn down the
city unconvincing her who else wants to
be a gorilla that coming soon to Fox yes
another one how evil are we a good Joan
quote that's not that's the thing it's
not my thing
dinner and a show do I want to test this
it's no drunk crazy gropey gorilla
lady which you want to talk about
getting some interesting emails for that
title who else hates us today staying in
with the guns and I think actually my
choice for title I'm focused on me
issues I like that one and were
expletive ly in trouble those
I'm very very close to could I just I
have finished my first notebook for
Alexandria I filled in the last page and
the other one arrived today so I'll be
starting that one on Saturday nice
awesome perfect timing thank you so much
for your likes your subscribes those
bits we really appreciate it
a happy birthday to J Mathews formless
spawn first today are massive nihilanth
otep and the guy who was running whose
name I've embarrassingly forgotten but I
forget names all the time join it if
you're not a part John our discord we
have a Cthulhu method message board on
there that we talk about you'll also see
all the other wacky stuff we're doing
and it's just a great community youtube
we love you we are over 2600 subscribers
it's like like it's 2.61 or something so
we wrote we're over 2600 subscribers
which is wonderful we set a goal to be
over 5000 by the end of this year now it
turns out this year went a little
pear-shaped
maybe you I don't know if you've heard
but 2020 has been a year already and so
you know that's that's now an
aspirational goal let's call it an
aspirational goal but all this early can
we just do a quick like change the
calendar shift everything over and be
like and we've just had enough it's a
really good stretch goal to use the
Kickstarter terminology yeah there you
go
there you go well in the year right then
as soon as we get 5,000 but YouTube
thanks so much for your comments on all
the episodes it's always fun to see
people who are finding us that way and
last but not least happy Father's Day to
all the fathers out there Tom you are
the father of an adorable little rugrat
who has vocally made several cameos and
so happy Father's Day I'm lucky enough
to have a father and maybe the greatest
man who ever lived and a stepfather who
was amazing everybody here I'm sure has
you know wonderful if nothing else
father figures in their life so thank
you to all of the the figures fathers be
whatever form they may take that do that
help us in our lives we really
appreciate it
so happy Father's Day however you
celebrate it and again there's a mitten
on Monday James will be running right
here with Emma Tiana and Joan will be
going back with their old kid their same
characters so it's a they're picking up
right where they left off
don't call it a 2-shot and so Monday
mitten Tuesday Thomas doesn't like any
of you enough to actually come in and
run a game and Saturday and that's not
true Thomas likes you a lot more than I
do
Saturday when we're we're back here for
more mirth and merriment I don't know
what it was I don't know why Julie point
it is just Julie I'm here I'm gonna be
here on Saturday for more mirth and
merriment that's like two thirds of a
Tiana measurement that we're using yeah
Tiana is if you're on every show almost
every show yes everybody I have insulted
Nick yet but though you know he's a
gorilla monkey oh gee now you've been so
uh goodbye Internet friends you gotta
still think about one more time cuz I
gotta find them up and goodbye again
inter this time I mean it okay go hi sir
[Music]
you
