Kind: captions
Language: en
hello internet friends welcome to the
geek end thank you so much for joining
us here at question Cthulhu it is
Saturday night we are all in undisclosed
locations and we you just missed us
talking for 15 minutes all about how
tired we are so it's gonna be a great
show everybody it is so good to be here
on the plus side the announcements are
gonna be very short on the minus side I
have to figure out with hell I'm doing
so first announcement very simple beer
that's all just biram it's you know made
from malt I think or hops as well it
originally was observed in it now it's a
flavoring sometimes there's water
sometimes there's one for me there's
always water I got that too if you
are not for some reason if you're not on
our discord jump in there join our
discord it's a great community you get
weird little sometimes there are perks
like yesterday we had a long discussion
about how wrong Thomas is about D&amp;D and
I really I personally enjoyed that that
was which one which Thomas that's Thomas
you're literally to me you're pointing
out I you're like pointing into the
parking lot August plays with us got
it okay Thomas I'm dumb I like D&amp;D is
behind the screens over there got it
actually systems or anything like that
it was about Dedes unfortunate writing
of well races and racial based stat
bonuses and things like that not to get
up but I never like I very rarely read
things Emma a lot of similarities did
not yell a already an episode titled
was like I don't we eat come on and when
you brought that up I was like alright I
started reading stuff I was like
the hell did you get away with putting
this in here if I were to actually read
this I'd have been like what is wrong
with you people
yes you want the short list or the long
hmm along this T is a room full of white
guys that's that's the that's the real
answer so yeah our discord it's awesome
I actually posted the handouts that our
players get for this so you can go in
there and find a link in the Cthulhu
thing to the handouts that they are
receiving so you'll know as much about
this this ritual they're trying to do as
they do honestly maybe a little more
probably this Court is awesome YouTube
we love you as well thank you so much
for your likes your subscribes we have
more than 2.6 2.6 820 2600 I guess is
the way 2600 subscribers which is
outstanding and on here on twitch it's
great as well I guess this is when we
should announce that we are gonna make
this and ruin the joke what's the name
of that streaming service that just shut
down that I was gonna make a joke that
we're switching to their own mixer yeah
we're switch we're going to mixer so
come on everybody think right over here
on twitch let's head over to mix there
you can find us on that you can find out
all about it on our MySpace page yeah I
did that one day I had everybody in my
studio log into my space and we all like
chat with each other on MySpace for one
afternoon it was amazing wow wow I don't
think I've ever ever even seen myspace
profile song setup yes I did that was
that was the first thing I was like
should I change this puddle of mud no
I'm sure you're I should have changed it
to creed opportunity there I think train
is the new Creed which also would be a
great episode title and train is the new
Creed wow so much for announcements
and we started announcements is that
actually I don't know what happened you
once again have a full week of
entertainment for you here
like a full half a week really but
Monday it's the start of a new game with
a new GM Aaron is gonna be running and
I'm these words are put together I don't
really know what they mean
Rick and Morty D&amp;D yep there's a lot of
ampersands in there that I don't really
understand but I guess it's is it like
the stranger things thing where you're
playing D&amp;D as Rick and Morty yeah so
some so the idea behind it from what I
from what I've seen is that the
character sheets are made up to be you
know Jerry and Beth and summer and Morty
as characters in in D&amp;D
so here Keanu who are you playing in
which Rick and what cuz like your name
you're playing Kerr but who's Kerr in
the equivalent of Rick and Marty world
her it's Jerry I'm gonna be playing the
Jerry character and I'm very excited
about is this where I admit I've never
seen Rick and more really seen Rick and
Morty I'm Jerry Jerry is is is is the
loser dad yeah
Chris Parnell yeah his and his arc
through through this so the show has
been kind of amazing so I really I
really want to play with that there we
go
so Monday is the start of that we've
announced it as a one-shot so we should
be playing it until next week
all right that's right we should what
it's a three shot which means you know
the next yeah we'll be putting it until
the election that's and then Tuesday the
Kaos agents are back and better than
well know they're the same really is
what
but the Kaos agents are back doing
chaotic things they're done shopping I
understand and now they're going to
they're going to find new ways to make
Thomas wish that he had to work
[Laughter]
speaking of working nights there are
some plans in place I'm gonna this is
you know this will be some foreshadowing
but if you enjoy the work that Tom does
here in Cthulhu you know think down the
line get yourself used to the idea that
someone besides me can run Cthulhu
around here you know well we'll see what
happens
it's easier than it looks especially Tom
actually does work like Tom will prepare
I show up and I go hey how the last one
in legitimately he did I had no reason
of my notes to him from my notebook are
we out of out of announcements how
sometimes he's about to kill us and then
we started drinking is where am i
drinking who am i drinking with hotel
room at the hotel room taro came and and
checked in on us to make sure that we're
still good to go on the skiff day after
tomorrow or over Morrow is apparently
the word for that yes which I really
want to bring back through the English
yesterday yeah before yesterday mmm
anyway and then I think it was implied
by Ezra that the drinking was so
therapeutic that we all got five sanity
back yes I heard that
I only not explicit so yeah last
episode a lot of crazy things happened
there were there were some gorilla
moments Madame Lin it turns out is
really taking to being a gorilla she's
she's a fan and she is now kind of drunk
on her own power and feeling her feeling
her oats so to speak and you were
visited by
you who you spent a lot of time trying
to wishing that you hadn't told people
that ho Fang was dead or that you hadn't
killed ho Fang because Shanghai is is
descending into some sort of anarchy
that Madame Lin is trying to take over
you you warned the new China front
that Madame Lin was coming after them he
warned Minh and he started to move guys
out he was none too happy with the whole
situation but he said that he and his
men would be headed to gray dragon
island with you and then you ended with
Commander taro he saw guitar Oh showing
up at your room and you you had a you
have a very come come rowdy Li drink
with him that sort of gave him you know
you might not have gotten sanity back
but he might have gotten sanity back
come on your ministrations and he is you
know he's ready to go so it is it is the
night it is the night of your spin
ultimate night in Shanghai so also April
30th yeah so tomorrow you have a full
day and then the morning of the next day
you are supposed to board a skiff to get
on a Japanese destroyer where nothing
bad will happen I assure you no in fact
I'm not even gonna tell you that J
Matthews into my guitar and gave Ezra
five hundred bits each so that's not
that didn't happen J Matthews 85 number
85 and your programs number one in my
heart
Shane Matthews 84 actually number two in
my heart sorry the Baroness is always
always but the number one for the
players is squirrel on the run 500 bed
watching the kitten can we watch the
kitten you bring the kitten yeah
and then loli Yeti also give us a
thousand bits so we must with so now we
have three more from on the run and
lonely Yeti so thank you lonely Yeti
because somebody needs it more than
jameth than Ezra thanks for your
matthews no one or a certain value of
for many values of it so yeah it is it
is the night of I guess April thirtieth
Thomas wants to know if you got all the
bits there I don't know somebody needs
to tell me I think so well yeah lonely
that's very subtly like was that
everyone from the players five hundred
oh hang on let me quote this five
hundred for anyone not named Ezra
Thank You Swaraj Thank You squirrel
that's the best comment ever five
hundred to Ezra for helping bring in
more backup characters I don't know what
oh I did Thank You Thomas for okay
tomorrow we're friends now because Emma
doesn't five hundred because Emma
doesn't go into battle sober so I'm
assuming that's for Emma's drinking so
we get one more perfect its conditional
on Emma drinking that's a given and then
five hundred from J Matthew Shirley Ezra
won't be able to find a use for this
tonight right question mark it as I
scroll Scroll scroll tiger run 31 has
homemade cookies that we were discussing
earlier which is a travesty that you
don't ship those to us yeah we have P o
box now so they'll be safe until until
Amy gets her hands on them and then I
come and steal them from her oh and then
Vin de cochon just specifically to Ezra
500 he seems so left out no he doesn't
finally somebody realizes the plight of
the single one of the the lonely white
guy I am so
somebody stood up for the the
disenfranchisement that I feel oh I'm
gonna skip with the air conditioning on
it's getting hot in here windy in here
though that hot air yeah
alright so it is the it is the night of
April 30th we have been drinking and
then I think we're going to bed that is
you know yeah sanity will stay up for
sanity but how much hit points do I get
/ can I get sick
- yeah night's rest will get you - -
it's been - this whole time you know
Hotz sure in a hotel sure okay you're
staying at the fanciest hotel yes this
is this is like our last hurrah for
Shanghai we're living it up we're
spending all the money whatever yep
sounds good
let's see who would be I would think I
have a question for you who would Yusuf
who on this party would Yusuf connect
with so phono is not here that's one
person that he connected with the most
he's he's afraid of the dagger lady Emma
he likes Emma Emma is really you did
interesting and he that's one person you
connect all right didn't even think of
Joan didn't know I know
Joan's the other scary lady not the dad
owes the staff lady who like sucks my
soul so Emma make me a con roll okay oh
yeah that's right speaking of
announcements we have most of now most
of our cast seeing the awesome roles
that I would forget was getting have now
gone to birds-of-paradise 12:9 icon the
hell out of that thing I mean I like
extreme con this thing alright so and
their Tiana show
Fiona and I have the same step I gotta
get mine I rolled my purple they're not
quite in focus because you have to be
back here to focus so I need I need the
purple so Amy MS it is is 3:00 in the
morning and you awaken suddenly and grab
a hand that was reaching for your
shoulder your room is dark you just grab
the hand is it just a hand like I pull
it out or no there is an order when you
played with you before sometimes it's
just a hand-to-hand accurate showing
when you go to twist it like misny it's
like steel like it doesn't move but you
hear a familiar voice say good you're
awake and it's agent Rogers okay so I
said nope you get make a spot hidden
rule come on birds of paradise where's
the SS here oh my god birds have Oh
Andrea I love you that's a five that's
an extreme success
Wow you see something you really didn't
want to see behind Rogers is one of
those weird doors that the professor
could make and it is closing but you can
see inside of it the professor and Yusef
are both sitting in what to you looks
like an electric chair and they are both
just like they're both destroyed
they're not they're not cogent and the
door closes behind Rogers where did you
come from
what's happening to those - they're
gonna what oh you saw that
yes we have that we're repurposing some
some occult
assets to better serve our interests are
they gonna be okay
I mean it looks like you're you're gonna
electrocute them no that's not what that
machine is for that machine is to
harness the professor's ability which he
talked to you self to create
transportation if we can move Delta
Green agents quickly and efficiently
like that ruined or yes and so where
this is this is this is a trial now it's
probably not comfortable for them but
honestly that's the cost of war well
everything like that requires sacrifice
so glad I'm glad you understand now that
you've sucked the so hot of poor Yusef
and the professor what can I do for you
in my bed in the middle of the night I
got your telegram what is what what the
hell is going on here
you're moving against Penn Hugh well
Penn Hugh yeah I mean Penn who is the
one who's going to create do the ritual
in order to bring about well actually
the Han let me back up so there is let's
just let's just start from the top one
of our potential allies is now an
immortal gorilla she's lost her mind
rampaging on the city taking over yeah I
know
I know it's just it's just a minor
problem that's just a minor problem
let's push that issue aside and focus on
Penn Hugh who is the real true evil here
he has and again to one of the aspects
of nyla though temp is currently
unleashed and potentially yeah I know
she's she's large she's wet you know
tons of fun if you will and penny Hugh
is on essentially an island with a
volcano who we need to get to the island
with the capstone create a ritual lock
the bloated lady into that pyramid type
thing
goal
in a nutshell so there's a crazy gorilla
trying to take over Shanghai correct
there's an aspect of nayeth Oh tip
floating around Shanghai I don't know
where exactly it is I mean it might be
at home as how still in a temple like
yeah technically floating cuz I mean it
is water so yes correct
and Penghu is on a volcano island where
he's gonna do his ritual and you have a
ritual that will stop him correct and I
haven't even gotten into like the new
China Army and the Japanese army and all
that other stuff that's just a whole
other side piece going on here I'm
familiar with both the new China front
and the Japanese army how are they
involved well they're both involved
unbeknownst to each other sort of to
help us get to the island to kill penny
oh you're playing the new China front
and the Japanese military off each other
pretty much yeah but they have
explosives and fireworks so it's all
worth it so you're just gonna go and
blow pens you out of them off the island
is that well I mean I don't know I'm not
exactly a military expert but there's a
destroyer with a big gun on it I'm
assuming and I'm adverse order from the
Japanese the Japanese military is giving
you a destroyer this one blow up pin
Hughes island mm-hmm mm-hmm I know
aren't you proud of us I'm not sure if
you're gonna start a war or not Oh most
certainly we've already started an
internal like struggle for power in
Shanghai so I'm sure that war is about
to happen I mean why not small one why
not big one I mean you know it's a
two-for-one sale here going on well look
all we care about in Delta green is
stopping penny hue
not that ritual but the rituals not
until January why are you going now
no I thought we could do the ritual on
the new moon
Oh Richard so you guys have a different
ritual you know accurs'd can use ritual
is in January with the Eclipse mm-hmm
but we can actually seal so we could
actually seal with the capstone a
pyramid or whatever housing that we can
get the bloated lady you know her house
if you will I'm assuming it's probably
someplace in the bottom of the volcano
as all good houses are for bloated women
and it's on the full moon right I don't
know what is the eighth what is what is
the circle with the empty thing in it I
think that's the new moon that's a full
minute new moon is black there yeah I
thought the new moon was blacked out I'm
sorry the moon is all dark because
there's no moon is a white circle
because there's a moon got it so we're
on the full moon
Roger very carefully explained is very
cool very like calmly explaining
calendars to you all I know is that
somehow we're in two days
we're going to the island and then we
essentially have to basically take the
island keep the island until the full
moon on the 8th and then do the ritual
top-notch yeah I mean those are all the
major components I mean there's details
but you know we can't get lost in those
right now
Falcon Delta Green helped send everybody
because we need to take that Island and
everybody because you know what in fact
mr. I have a bone to pick with you
why haven't you showed up until now
until now we've had to work with the new
China front we've had to work with the
Japanese we've had to basically scrape
together all of these military
components but somehow you were missing
and really you're the only person that
we should be relying on at this point
and you weren't here what's up I got a
I sucked life force out of two human
beings to get here as quickly as I could
please go on and tell me how I wasn't
here when you needed me after you left
Cairo and I had to send in the B team to
clean up your mess in Cairo
you mean we're the like grab his arm I'm
like you mean we're the a-team it's so
sweet
it's chronological oh okay no runt we're
gonna give you the assistance you need
but given that Delta Green is nominally
a United States military our operations
with the Japanese military are gonna
have to be very cautious the the
Japanese are aggressively expanding in
China and trying to take advantage of
the power vacuum of the fall of the last
dynasty and in nominally after the Great
War Japan is still our ally okay so what
I mean if yes I would recommend making
sure you have everything you need for
that ritual and if you're ready to go go
but if you're not ready to go don't
don't go in there half-assed you've met
us right that's why there's a B team so
that gives me pause because currently
we're working on translating scrolls I
forgot the name of the seven Scrolls of
something the seven critical books of a
sign yeah which is this yep so we
currently are working on translating the
seven cryptical books of hasan so we
were told that it would have additional
information in order to help finish the
ritual but I don't know how to
circumvent the fact that we need the
Japanese army is going at a said time at
a set time so on May 2nd me right I'm in
April right May 2nd the destroyer is
coming like it or not I see and and sort
of you know the new China front is now
basically at sea as well heading to the
which wouldn't necessarily be a bad
thing I mean it would still be I mean so
the island is whose territory
technically is its Chinese territory
correct yes okay so as long as the
Japanese don't set foot on the Chinese
territory we should be okay they should
just be that's not really how the
Japanese work they're trying to set
so how do we stop them from doing that
actually is that my problem entirely sir
I don't think it's a bad thing to
consider the gia geopolitical
implications of actions at any point
I barely consider my own actions what
are you talking about geopolitical uh
I've noticed well I mean maybe the
question is if the Japanese can't
destroy this island and you still around
mean we already know now either this is
but this either this is a diversionary
attack or this is you know you're
probing for weakness trying to find a
point that you can get through or you
better put all your chips in the middle
of the table
whoo I like that last option but all the
things that you're saying I also don't
totally understand so hang on one second
and I get up and I start banging on
other doors and be like there's
technical military talk and I don't know
what's happening can somebody come help
me out cuz really I'm just a little lost
here come out groggily F after a moment
just like hey can I get one night of
so Rogers is here and I'm getting yelled
at as usual because we've mess stuff up
as usual because apparently he's upset
that we're working with the Japanese
military
speaking of which is a saga Toro still
around or did he let you know he
wouldn't you see he went home where's
Rogers you guys had a really good night
then maybe he's still around but it
seems he's in my room
he don't ask okay he's basically used
Yusuf's life force to like open an
interdimensional door into my bedroom so
now that that can happen I may never
sleep either or I'll just be sleeping
with grenades from now on let's
everything was fine when I slept with
grenades oh you are so incorrect that's
why I slept at Madeline's I was why him
up but you guys let's not be I mean
let's not be in the quarter it's oh yeah
all right dagger one hand still is still
in my nightgown it makes me a luck roll
which one of us Nick oh man another like
Pierce again oh why do I call you why do
I even call you guerrilla man so oh by
the way Rogers he's a gorilla so it's
funny you say that because so you all
file through the door and none of you
see Rogers and then Nick comes through
the door and Nick as soon as you come
through the door there is a kick at your
leg and you go down to one knee and then
there is a gun right at your neck and
Rogers is like the damn gorilla followed
you here different gorilla
I mean Tiger already I've got he's with
us Rogers its Flint more important it's
a gorilla curse huh oh no please go
ahead
let's do gorillas there's two there's
two gorillas this one's Flint there's
two gorillas yes he still has the gun at
your neck if you pull the trigger you'll
become a gorilla man so I'm just gonna
say tell him you know back off let a
psychology role who sure everybody can
make a psycho about fun times I know but
if he looks like he's thinking can I act
he done all right yeah you got for your
hundred yeah you you like when when when
Donnell says if you kill him you'll
become a gorilla like you Pierre Rogers
huh yeah it's gonna body check him
really all right yeah you just smash him
up against the wall went blank just yeah
sure let's call this make me a Dex roll
just for like speed of doing that you're
you're gonna like go before he does did
you create fail again these dice have
have have to have to results 100 or 99
this time it was 99 but I want to point
out Nick is not rolling birds of
paradise ya know if you did would you
get roles like that do you want me to
roll birds of paradise and centers this
poor fella
we won't we will mail you a set okay
Emma can get good rolls on birds of
paradise all right
Wow Wow yeah yeah window bro all right
so so yeah you just like you hear him
think and you're just like yo and you
you like very quickly just Ram back into
the wall and Rogers grabs your neck and
flips over you and so I was thinking it
did something else too and I was like oh
okay that makes sense I mean I you smash
into the wall not briefly knocking the
air out of you but you're a thousand
pound gorilla so and much less briefly
knocking most of the wall out of the
wall there's like a solid indentation
into the hallway now where a gorilla
sized indent and Rogers like flips
over you all the time the gun stays at
your throat you get the very impressed
look from Alexandria at bat he lands on
a rolled in o2 so yeah keeping the gun
there and he says tell me why I
shouldn't kill this gorilla
he's a screw come on or in the fancy
hotel you'll become a gorilla might he's
considering it no it's like no look at
his eyes wait and there's anyone gonna
take you seriously if you're a gorilla
we barely take Flint seriously before he
was a gorilla
wait that's that's thorn castle curse
curse curse oh and there's dudes tell
you about it but Flint as the gorilla
isn't rampaging around Shanghai taking
things over if you want to become a
gorilla you should kill the other one
guess who's good you told him about Lin
but not Flint well I mean I had to kinda
I mean wouldn't when a strange man is
standing in your bedroom
coming through an interdimensional
portal you just you got to stick to like
the brief facts just get him out just
get him out there like turning into it
okay
and pants that's totally irrelevant to
the story right now I want to kill her I
can lend you an elephant rifle and I
know where she will end up if you want
to wait for her all right so we we can
add a gorilla to the asset side of her
although I mean you've seen them tumble
in whatever that was so I don't know
what that there we go
biting my toes yeah so it's gonna hope
he's gonna dig in
yeah can you tell the half is here
am i whoa 1,000 to us so thank you half
okay all right goes both ways
business Ezra doesn't need them he's
been rolling crits and we can't use them
because I've been critical fumbles I
mean technically we've been rolling
all right so Rodgers will sort of give
you the quick overview that he gave Emma
about the the unfortunate geopolitics of
everything that's going on he he is
going to I think I'm gonna take some min
and figure out what's going on with this
aspect of nyla so tip if you cross the
threshold you will drown dry you will
you're you and your men will drown and
you'll never see water yes it sounds
ridiculous
thora consul you did some scouting
though right I found out oh and there's
a little girl in there that eats all the
bodies of anyone who ends up there and
drowns to death oh yeah that part
we leave her alone so we're just gonna
leave an aspect of non or thoughts I
mean is it
it's is it doing anything drowning
anyone who goes inside the compound we
were there was talk about getting an
anchor cuz there was a part of it that's
just like a room that's an aquarium but
it'll pull you in
and so I was think about setting up an
anchor so I could pull myself out and go
in there and see what's that's where she
came in out of it
she blew the roof off the building and
turn into a spout in sky and then merged
with something else and it was a very
interesting it's impressive but scary
and I wish we could do something I wish
but we need to be able to get the the
rituals together and remember those it's
possible we're working on weaponizing
both the transportation technology that
dr. Kapoor possesses and also the the
out that elder sign protection was stuff
that I don't really understand and it's
possible that we could have some success
with that that's a thousand bits from
NGC four five four five seven for the
cat for losing come on okay the cat have
to start getting all my critters I know
I told you it was a it was a it was a
naked ratings ploy I'm sorry none of our
critters are as cute as a tiny little
black void kitty and is someone who has
two black void kitties is true he's
super cute when he's not destroying
everything kittens yes today's the first
day that we have started coexistence and
Lucy thinks it's great and everyone else
is not a fan
penny is the definition of if you could
kill someone with a look like Penny's
just sitting in a we have a little
I'll cube that she and she's just
sitting in there with her head kind of
so it's possible using using the
weaponized transportation technology
that we have that we could get in to
that area and check things out maybe if
I sent in people with breathing
apparatus
oh no you you just you drown you just
it's not it's magic it doesn't make
sense from from from the way it was
described to me it's it's as if water is
in your lungs already Joe didn't you
have somewhere to do that that you had a
magic well if you bring it up there is a
there is a way it does cost you magic
points to be able to do the ritual on
another creature
I've seen I've seen the cost of some of
this on before and the kid yes
so we I was able to do a small bit to
help Flint get in but I trying to do
that for more people
it's beyond would there be any way that
you could teach it to someone else I
should be able to I mean if you can get
that information back to yourself about
that what about that dr. Cofer and mr.
burr what was Yusuf's last name the
Soraa and mr. Becerra are out of
commission I thought you said you didn't
hurt them I did not say that
how permanently out of commission
we have weaponized their abilities as in
you're sucking the power out of them I
little bits but not like that
did they give their consent to do this
this is war
so you took that poor little boy and are
sucking the life out of him and
basically making him a comatose little
power battery in a chair yeah we learned
the idea from dr. lamb here I took
little bits of power from a lot of
different areas to work with didn't go
all these people are still alive you see
that this is not a weapon
this system works we take a small idea
and we build it to scale I can now move
large amounts of troops anywhere in the
world in a short period of time that is
a serious operational advantage and
would have taken too long to take little
bits from all of your people before you
ship them they don't know how to do it
before and mr. Becerra I know the ritual
I am diff we do damned if we don't
I want earth did you get them to start
the ritual if they weren't willing to do
it I can be very persuasive
guns and weapons will do that to one I
made an impassioned plea to their
patriotism back oh then we went to the
guns and weapons I want to be clear you
all signed up as part of Delta Green
Delta Green is a military operation and
our only mission is to combat these
entities from these otherworldly
entities did any of you have a problem
with that mission you could go now did
yes if and and dr. Khufu
sign up the way that we did yes if
wasn't with us when we did that mr.
Becerra was a member of the B team he
was a member of Delta Green dr. Koo for
he's a collateral accessory I will use
any means the baddest thing are you up
it some of you were as bad as so you're
gonna take the energy from everybody
else in the planet so that so another
critter can't come into the planet is
ìhow what you're thinking is that what
you're gonna do I'm as bad as they are
I'm trying to end this world I'm trying
to save this world and we can we can
make all the moral relativistic
simplistic arguments you want to make or
we can take action you're supposed to be
I am gonna be staying here in dealing
with an aspect of nayeth Oh temp that
apparently you created what not the
first no no and created a bloated lady
what are you talking about when we when
we showed up she was swirling in the
pool doesn't sound appropriate does it
not even a little but the point is we
didn't make it somebody else did we
tried to stop it we got didn't these are
ancient right oh speaking of which I
forgot one detail mr. Stanford is also
probably the one who I would suspect
brought forth the below nude woman he's
kind of tricky
Carl Stanford yeah that guy that guy I'm
really
he's a former before we were Delta Green
it we operated under the Omega protocol
he was part of the Omega protocol and
what happened dr. Stanford's ideas are
too out there for what and too
inappropriate for what we're doing here
he wants to harness the power of those
otherworldly entities what is he capable
of well it's been a decade since I have
tangled with him but he is he is rated
at an alpha level in terms of his
otherworldly abilities that's the
highest level we've got oh do you have
any recommendations for how we go about
dealing with someone who is at an alpha
level I don't think we've dealt with
anyone that strong heavily
I mean outside of the fact that he took
a piece of paper made it a crazy spider
creature and almost carried all of us
off yeah paper hmm so sit stanford is
his psychological profile is he's a
schemer he doesn't want to be directly
involved he wants to get other people to
do his dirty work for him
he's a hanger-on he's a later that be
looking at the back of Donald heck yeah
boy so before we get into that Braden v
ash
500 bits to the crowbar Queen like that
minim innocence I thought about that
nice
Stanford prefers to Sanford prefers to
be a second banana
he likes the cover of working for
someone else but he is always running
the show do you think that he will
actually be out at the island or would
he remain here in Shanghai doing work
because if it's just penny hue we
managed to give him some sort of
sickness awhile ago about that too
there's another dimensional door and
some green goo some green sort of glowy
illness on the boat the dark mistress
and there was something on there that
was glowing green and made me feel not
very good like I was poisoned without
eating anything
it sounded like radiation poisoning but
that's just from my experience but and
then I don't think radiation poisoning
is a it's nothing yet I thought it was a
thing all right sorry know about
poisoning but Curie discovered anyway oh
yeah that's what's gonna say we know
about radiation a long time ago so and
so what happened then is joke did the
ritual and try
to transfer the illness out to iPad you
know and like penny hue yes that's how
we we lost hmm I think he's on the
island trapped you could check with the
finger I don't want to check with the
fake ID no I don't have pants on right
now so it's not in my pocket currently
that's back in my room did anybody give
Donal his finger back
I thought we tried to go back huh yeah
we gave it back people when he's angry
he's like here's our wagging my finger
well this has gone pear-shaped
87 different ways and now I have a hole
perhaps been you as well and after that
we can reassess but if but if Stanford
is out there as well we may have a lot
more that we're tangling with if pen U
is there and he's the only magic user
he's poisoned we think probably okay and
that being the case it'll be a lot
easier to handle him but if Stanford is
there as well we might be oh well I'm
planning on us being screwed going there
anyway so I mean fair point but still
but still how doing some more having
somewhere ritualistic back up would be
nice
well so again to my mind you have three
options here since it seems like you're
wedded to this attack either this attack
is purely diversionary or you're probing
for weakness and you're gonna make some
faints find out where they're strong and
whether we can pull back
to be better prepared for another one
since I mean your your attacking but
your ritual has to happen days after the
attack right well I thought we were
going to rescue Silvano part of it is
it's wrestling is rescuing Savano part
of it is this this is when we can get
the destroyer and I would not dream of
making an assault in an island like that
without just naval bombardment save
someone who's held on the island you're
bombarding there's there's there's no
buildings on the island Donnell and I
have have seen it through a portal so I
need buildings that there are gonna be
underground
if we can draw people up silvano won't
be one of them probably he's been there
too long well and you know the third
option as I said is you you try and stop
this attack and you wait and you you
know you have a I don't feel like you're
prepared well no but but as you pointed
out we have a rather large geopolitical
situation going on here and the longer
we wait the longer it has to devolve and
then we lose even more of the assets
that we currently have and as you've so
clearly pointed out everything we touch
turns to crap anyway so I mean if we
wait and try and fix things we just make
it worse break them harder all right
I'm gonna deal with this aspect of niala
so tell me plenty of warnings I'm gonna
get our men working on this if you can
give me a sense of when you're gonna
land for the attack on grey dragon
island I can we can use the
transportation technology to try and get
some operational support unfortunately
we can't create we currently can't
create a portal larger than a door we we
were told that it would take a day to
get there we're leaving tomorrow morning
I don't even know what day it is anymore
we're leaving the morning of May 2nd so
we should be there around about the
morning of May 3rd so does this mean
we're not getting an anchor to go into
the aquarium room you really want to go
in there why so we can see there's
something we can do I'm not thrilled
with leaving a compound where any one
drowns if they go past the wall and then
there's the creepy flesh-eating girl
well like that's a loose thread I'll
tell you that if if our if our
reconnaissance is not successful we're
going to we're gonna give it the cat the
castle vein treatment that could be
worse for all we know damaging the walls
will allow her to spread we don't know
what's what's keeping her locked within
there but she doesn't seem to have gone
anywhere yet and everything has to do
with the threshold from what we saw yeah
this is this is a contained threat right
now so Joan I have a question because
that brings up a good point okay where
do we have to contain the bloated lady
because if she's already contained in Ho
fangs house like can't we catch them I
mean it's a dumb idea but cap still in
the house in the middle of Shanghai or
nobody ever ever on Cabot yeah that's
easily yeah that's the problem is its we
need to do it well and isn't isn't that
one of the points of the triangle isn't
that the point of a little bit yes it
has to be in a specific area to make it
work so I'm just assuming somewhere
there's magic that happens and she goes
from like ho fangs house like whatever
we find on the island probably in the
evil lair of the this feels a lot like
GI Joe evil lair under the under the
mountain under the volcano rent because
we have to go where she was originally
bound which bind her back again mm-hmm
so maybe it pulls her back the ritual
can be done at multiple locations
restricted to one use we can use it many
times just have to do the process over
and over the chanting create a unique
yeah no I wasn't going there I wasn't
going there but yeah one of those felt
components is difficult to get our hands
on yes Rogers there's no problem talking
people into that and I'm glare at him oh
no well he doesn't know about the blood
sack you know because he would get it
for us find was I was this close to ask
and disclose this you guys are gonna
have to tell look at me and tell me I
don't really I think I think you're
already weary enough really I think we
know how he operates
yeah clear yeah every once in a while
it's tempting to take that route though
you know just the the easier route but I
mean that the path to hell is paved with
good intentions and I'm sure it's a
nicely paved road I'm pretty sure the
scroll is going to have like a
little like test or you can put a script
little put a blood on it and you can see
if it's innocent or not then we can just
do little blood tests come on sue me
I'm trying to think of what role I'm
gonna get a good money let's call it an
intelligence roll hey I like intelligent
so everybody that made it remember after
that name
all right so actually I Flint you're the
only one that remembers this and as you
remember it you are pulled out you you
see this ritual being performed so
almost like a waking dream you see the
ritual happening you see the chanting
you see they have a I of light and
darkness put together that's they're
ready to go and the one thing that
strikes you is that the people who are
doing this ritual are slaughtering
people but then they're using just a
small amount of the blood because
according to the ritual all the blood
you need is to fill the eye which is
about you know that that big so it's not
like a ton of blood and they are they
are just sort of they have a person
strung up and they just ritually are
slicing them and the blood is going on
to the eye and filling the eye and it
happens there's like a heartbeat drum
beat going above bum bum bum and every
one of those the blood is filling the
eye and
they have you see they have like five
other people who are very scared being
held by looks like this maybe as in
Egypt this is this everything seems very
old ancient but they are there so
they're going through and again you're
struck by the fact that you know they
don't need this much blood
they're the the people who are doing
this ritual in whatever this vision is
were a little over than were more than a
little over zealous okay
and yeah so you're all sort of sitting
there with Rogers and all of a sudden
Flint goes somewhere else for a second
Flint but he's a guru Lister I can't
tell just by gorilla face no no no no no
we could tell it's somebody shave that
gorilla yes he wanted to look a little
more human he also bought a suit my back
am I still gone am I gone for this my
back yeah I'm getting the suit what time
is it
and it's like 3:00 in the morning in the
morning yeah 3:00 in the morning on on
now very early in the morning on May the
1st no wonder I'm still tired
mm-hmm lent are you all right yeah mmm
are you all right oh yeah I'm fine
you disappear to be even better once I
get a suit ah he's thinking about his
soothe thinking about the suit we have
pressing matters at hand in your suit in
your hat a pressed suit I I just I just
need this much normality please just
just this much I swear I'm gonna lose it
did you wear suits much in here in year
before Delta green life I just need
something I I went to the first tailor
getting a suit it's normal No
all right you need to get you all need
to get some sleep I need to get things
moving do you mind if I use your phone
help yourself mind right he goes over to
the phone operator give me the
Department of Defense please and he
gives the operator a number and you you
hear him he pulls out a piece of paper
and he says initiate and then he gives
what are clearly coordinates latitude
and longitude and then he and he says
we'll be in touch and he starts to walk
forward and like right as he reaches out
his hand there's a doorknob in his hand
and he opens the door and now you can
all clearly see in on the other side of
it is like a laboratory and sitting back
to back in some sort of chair apparatus
or dr. Kapoor and Yusef and they are
sort of mindlessly babbling and their
eyes are this milky white and they have
wires coming out of them in all these
different ways and Rogers is through the
door and closes it and I write down the
number that he gave as well as the
coordinates sure yeah sure yeah and
the coordinates you figure are this room
okay I got it okay Wow staff was much
easier to use than that I'm going to
sleep
all right guys
the only thing I think is we have this
big dent in the wall what are we gonna
tell them well we're we're here for
another night and we don't need to worry
about that right now
Emma hangs that do not disturb in the
hallway the wall is like this yeah
somebody broke into your room perhaps
anyway we're just gonna have to be
aware that they're gonna ask
I just heard wrecked it and then it was
like this I don't know it was asleep
I'm very heavy scary I know I'm going
back to bed
yes time to go All Right see you
breakfast
all right so yeah it's the next morning
and you have a whole day before you need
to leave for great dragon island so at
breakfast I want to ask
we just lost Nick you know then maybe
let's take that will maybe we'll do an
early break then okay yeah early break
break agent Rogers just you know sucked
Nick into the vortex and find him Thomas
is ready for break if you all right so
we will be back just as soon as five
people can find one person missing in
the
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
welcome back I want to thank Elda brat
for 500 bits for my haircut and I'll
tell you my hairdresser is my wife who
is very handy with a pair of clippers
and we unfortunately as you may notice
we also got I think a thousand bits Amy
for the players in there somewhere
yeah it's for Nick returning but Nick
hasn't returned yet so that's
conditional he left again yeah he was
back
unfortunately the squirrels on a
treadmill that run Nick's were out her
have gone on strike so we're we're
hoping that Nick has not been sucked
into an intervention dimensional void
but impossible it out the table I'm just
remembering for the longest time Nick
didn't want any of us to know where he
lived Nick we should just tell Nick
stories while he's not here there we go
oh here you go
it's our tribute to him so I will say
amy is the one exception is I think yeah
the one exception to this but every Nick
and some of our other friends every time
they would try to join our group I would
just like come on there's so many
players already what and the the Nick
essentially joined our group because his
roommate was in the game already and his
roommate was like look guys he's gonna
be here and I was oh man did I how we
met Nick is that just you would just
wander around in his pajamas I think as
well I was that mom or was that I can't
remember who who would you know work was
the one who would like pass from
enjoying a lovely beverage no but and
that was Nick's first character was God
nope yes
without a ninja was it was grew faster
beats a ninja no well here's the thing
is that he was the familiar of my groove
map
I don't know it was because he was a cat
it was beat master groove was I heard
the person of the cat and then groove
master beats was whichever one the first
one wasn't nice and and man did I hate
that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I almost killed that character
like twice just for just that a spike Oh
in that campaign that was memories I'm a
barbarian Jim Matthews 85 if Nick
doesn't claim when they go to Ezra I
just kind of feel like they're just
gonna go to a ridiculously overpowered
barbarian in that game I mean barbarians
are kind of insane oh this is a sad
stack I mean so for those of you which
is like grouse against D&amp;D that's how
Thomas and Amy and Nick and all and all
of us met was we played a five-year six
year long forever we played a
ridiculously long campaign that Tom and
Thomas must have done it the same way I
did we answered an ad on Craigslist the
GM put an ad on Craigslist and we all
responded and I think we we all the
first meeting was at a bar which is very
Jill but was not very me at all and we
so we we all like had this we all had
this crazy group that we played that was
a long time ago now second edition white
now second edition rules a 3.5 I thought
3.5 and man so you've heard us talk
about our friend Michelle at Great
Lengths she is the ultimate min/max ER
and she she created a character in that
game who wanted to be hit there was some
there was this weird like initiate of
the Seven Veils or something and so she
would walk towards she would walk
towards the monsters and hope they
attacked her
Oh Thomas wants everyone to know that he
answered a Wizards of the coast ad not a
Craigslist ad ah much better
people that that are not my friends
anymore I mean I mean to be fair to be
fair I answered a SF casting ad that's
how I got into this there you go they
actually they actually went looking for
actors and stuff cuz you know yes
yeah it's I was just cuz I we we just
had a bunch of was last week was the
wedding of our DM was the anniversary
and so all these pictures wait a minute
Oh welcome back week I was just telling
embarrassing stories about about your
days of living at marks oh nice
those are good times was that five
minutes do I get the bits you got the
bits automatically but we do get a
thousand so I just gave them to you
because I was like Pink's not coming
back in five minutes no but we do for LD
brat getting the getting Nick back
and then LD brought one also gave a
thousand to the players just to even up
the stacks know how I'm gonna do we have
now all right what are the stacks we
have this many it's insane hang on
babies like we have this mini there's no
way of knowing how many are in this
stack dolls oh how old I am
we got we got conditional bits that
would show if you showed up but
apparently they went to me because you
didn't show up oh my god we have fifteen
rerolls time to go into combat let's go
no let's let's okay so I need what do we
can we turn in bits for like hitpoints
insanity can we before i'll let you do
that on the destroyer
let's do skill checks witness I'd like
to fail that role please
I I don't know if can you use and use
bits on a successful role we can do
whatever you have agency you can do
whatever you want alright so it is the
morning of May 1st and it's a lovely
morning to pick up a suit and have a
delicious brunch yeah you have a very
there's a lovely breakfast and none the
suit will actually be delivered to you
you paid a lot for that suit nice
breakfast I do want to bring up the fact
that the first thing that not the first
thing but close to the top of the lineup
of the things that God what's his
name the creepy man in my bedroom to
bring that up so the first thing that
the other creepy man you dimension doors
into my bedroom is that we should not go
in without being prepared for the ritual
yeah and that might be very interesting
because I don't know about you but I
don't have easy access to innocent blood
we also don't have the light or the eye
of light and darkness created someone
has to make that for us to use yeah you
you feel that the ritual will bring the
to cue of the two piece pieces yeah we
can we don't the scrolls completed
either right well good is is that
gentleman back in translating oh yeah
he's yeah he's he's been at your hotel
this whole time he's got his own room
yeah we've been working he was glad you
didn't wake him up at four in the
morning then the fact that we had to be
awake at like 3 o'clock in the morning
was a bit of a thing so he brought up
multiple options the fan
that this is just the destroyer is just
sort of like a a precursor to the
actual event I mean we could use it as
that we could use it as a way to feel
out weaknesses and that's sort of thing
my problem with that is that penny who
has a flying dragon thing and if we go
and poke the wasps nest we're probably
going to get attacked here and and if we
do a you know scouting mission then they
know what we're gonna be out there and
we've got and all that stuff so we're
going to be on the ocean for a day like
that's not a lot of time for him to come
and mess with us yeah but he knows that
we're here it's not like were it's a big
let's not like the fires we've started
have been a big secret around town and
it's our comment as well yeah that has
to be dealt with there's a lot of people
in here well and and and Navas
Donal has the issue and what's the face
he did last time before he left was he
you know the joys of the internet no no
no the family this happens to Nick in
the studio - he just freezes out it sort
of blurs out of existence for a minute
that's that's why I often go to break
really quickly because Nick's just like
he's them so yeah you are you you are
you don't know where to find innocent
people that's a that's a tough ad to
place and oh it came back this is
awesome welcome back thank you halfway
through changing it now it's like
popping up again so yeah you the
other thing that you you might consider
is that
the Japanese and the new China front
don't think this is a diversionary
attack right like change something with
either or maybe you don't I don't know
maybe that's maybe maybe then being
completely convinced this is real is the
diversion you know I think we're going
to after the fact decide what it was
well and then if this is the diversion
then what like what do we have left for
the real one because like I think our
cards are out there and was just scaring
me a little bit only a little and like
how many people can you dimensioned or
you know it's just one door I'm just
saying that if that was me I'd stand on
the other side of the door and just
smack them down one at a time I'm not a
military expert no he's talking about
onto our ship or something right I'm
maybe who knows if we're able I mean I
suppose we're not able to coordinate it
at this point but it is entirely
possible that you know we go in and we
show the hell out of it and wherever is
as long as we have a phone because we
call the Department of Defense and give
them coordinates and get the dimension
door open Japanese destroyer yeah the
problem with that is that this is the
Japanese Imperial Army and I don't think
they want to I I don't think that the US
military wants them to know that they're
involved and getting coordinates on a
moving ship why don't we just mentioned
or to Delta Green right now I would
definitely screw up all of our plans
ah right exactly you could try calling
the number that Rogers gave you exactly
why can't we just a mentioned door over
there get whatever we need and dimension
door back a boat and use boats have that
dimension remember that yeah I I
actually was thinking it might be
worthwhile to go and check and see if
that boat is still in Harbor
back in harbor I suppose I mean I'm not
a fan of this idea as I imagine no one
else's but if we know that pen you is
here we can go look for an anchor while
we're there I want to correct something
I said Nick your suit is not being
delivered because the person has no idea
which hotel you're staying at I'm gonna
soon so you do have to go get your suit
we could probably send a message right
probable I'm gonna put it on where I'm
going to go put it on there so they can
fix it while you're there kind of thing
I'll wear it out Oh so I'll see you at
the docks later well no did you want
someone to go with you
give us two again buddy system but then
again there are five of us and that does
not divide up cleanly no well it doesn't
have to be clean it just has to be not
one in four or not 1n 1 and 3 worker
no-one's really tried to mess with me
since I became a gorilla so I mean all
it would take is one person getting a
net on you just a butterfly net I was
thinking more like the massive Nets that
they of you they used to go to that ship
fishing but whatever well that's why I'm
gonna meet you at the docks yeah I'm not
gonna be vulnerable over there where
they have all the fishing nets sure do
you ever listen to the sentences that
you sang I learned it from listening to
Emma
don't blame me and this wood from
Cthulhu gamed a therapy session really
good what do we have nothing else to do
I mean I mean the therapy session
started last night when Rodgers was
basically like hey I learned how to
drain magic out from you we should go
before we do it and see how our
translation
is going yeah is that like the next room
over yeah he will tell you that he
thinks that so wait a minute wait you
guys roll for this
so everybody rolled me percentiles you
get under 40 give me a thumbs up nine oh
geez no but like that was a good role
for me we have this enormous static you
could Gration how many people need
something I'm at 55 I could rig Rome
okay
use the other seven paranoia do you want
me to reboot yeah do you want us to
re-roll cuz III did not get it but it
doesn't matter if you guys get it we
miss Brooke's paradise yeah I was was a
world of mine you know you doing yeah
you should totally reroll Emma no she's
not going to reroll what are you on
about
alright so I see I'll revolt question
mark go for it I've thrown it in who
else needs a rear all to successes right
now there's three successes okay do we
need them yeah we're not gonna find out
art all right okay i'll reroll I'll
reveal okay all right I said we're
sitting on three successes gorilla boy
go ahead roles for the suit fitting
I will not second that that inspiration
sir Yuri role now or you go naked Wow
here comes the fumble now alright do you
really really want me to bring us down
yes cuz if you do I rolled five better
he still failed alright so there's a
three successes so he will tell you that
he's he feels like he's about halfway
done but he doesn't feel I mean he he
thinks it's gonna be another two days
I think it's going to be dead by then
when it was not here to guard his it is
there any way I can help him more with
your he is very polite we looked at your
Chinese to English dictionary and you
know and and he's like how do I make the
people paying me not feel bad that they
don't know what they're doing you know
you've you've you've done it enough to
guys in in your line of work to
recognize yeah when he's like oh yes
you're right that is the word for dog
you hire you hire the professionals what
the professionals do what they're what
they were they I know I know but I you
know that that I helping Jean is just
right they got it so yeah he's he's
gonna keep plugging away he's gonna
leave I'm just wondering do we need to
take him on the boat with us yeah I
don't like that laugh from Ezra no he
takes a break when we leave we take the
scrolls he takes a break when we come
back hmm oh no we can we also get a copy
of the what he's done so far yes yeah he
will give it he'll he'll he'll send
it out to a typography pool to have
stuff typed up fun I mean it was not
wrong he probably isn't innocent what
else we have to get done before we leave
tomorrow find an innocent I mean that
that is the the key component of the
spell that we don't have and to be
perfectly frank none of us five are
innocent and no one on that island is
going to be an innocent
so moving on the moment I love them
unless they've captured their own
sacrifices and in which case I'd prefer
to let them go personally some
sellers might be innocence that's
possible Donnell have you met sailors
ever I know sometimes I have you teenage
boys that are forced to do this sort of
line of work not really the Japanese
Imperial Army teenage boys being forced
into service wouldn't surprise me it
would surprise me go get a suit now
anyone like to join me there welcome
anybody gorilla to the tailor my will I
will head to the docks afterwards
here's here's the big thing about the
innocent blood we don't have to kill
anyone for it we just need enough to
fill the eye so vile a vial of blood is
enough la la la Flint I'll go with you
I'll go with you I I can at least hit
somebody as a crowbar don't think it'll
come to that but keep an eye on each
other
join yeah a hell of a way to get a
discount on a suit so yeah you you guys
head out and so are the other three of
you just gonna relax in the hotel and
rest up and drink and drink are we
meeting at the docks to look at the
boats come in to see if it has the
portal no I thought we were gonna go
yeah we're going cuz I'm going there
under the impression that I'm meeting
you guys there so Erin used when I show
up there yeah we should go and check to
see if Penn Hughes boat is there because
if it is we might be able to get some
more information if we can get on there
without an incident like last time all
right so go yeah getting the suit is is
no problem the guy has it and it is a a
great fit it is dapper is it is a very
nice suit how people won't look at me
funny he tells you that he's actually
made
yeah yes yes you are
he's found he's found eight he's found a
niche and yes so you have you have one
very good-looking suit all right to the
dogs good all right you all head to the
you all head to the docks and yes you
see the dark mistress it is on the same
dock it was on on before you don't see
any of the crew any crew so is the plan
to find the door rip it out and take it
with us I know I don't know if that's
how those doors work but if we can that
would be really useful what if we
capture the boat I can't rip that boat
out of the water it's way too big no but
no no but you can smash some fish heads
together
let's go capture that boat sure I am NOT
oh don't go downstairs
whatever yeah stay away from the engine
whatever is in there is what's glowing
green and red hurt all right I think we
steal the boat then we got a nice yacht
with sure until sure absolutely until
Penghu shows up with a flying dragon
because why not
it's a sailboat yeah I don't I can see
us just sailing right behind a Navy
destroyer from the Japanese Imperial
Army that's amazing we're like this
little peanut following like a big duck
in the water have them tow us with ropes
from from behind they'll be our massive
tug
there we go are you sneaking up on the
boat what is your you don't see any crew
on deck
let's just walk on behind the gorilla
let's do this
yeah let's Wow the bad I didn't come
from Emma this time
fish men don't count as men right right
okay they're not innocent either so they
can't kill me you walk up right onto the
deck and I mean I have my rifle with me
right in the bag you don't need a rifle
I need a rifle no I do you're always
well it's just rifle over your guards
off the trigger yep no he always needs
his rifles yeah don't drop that bag yeah
no seriously okay
you you come on the boat and it is quiet
you don't hear anything
okay so where's where's the door
there's a port there's a stairway down
there is a there's a cabin that is the
pilots cabin where the pilots coming
first make sure we can't travel we're
not being I'm not being belligerent
right get to casual guys in Odense cabin
is locked
affluent this is locked this where the
door is no we Dory's down in somebody's
room okay yeah I'm gonna let them point
me to it
we should probably we should probably
make sure there isn't anyone in the
pilot Court area so that we don't get
driven away with there's an open glass
you can see and there's nobody in there
cool all right yeah all I'll point the
way to the room that the door is in can
Flint actually fit down stairs he's
flexible
isn't it downstairs like to the left or
something I'm so tired
oh tired no I do not I do not think that
I have it I think I find out that I
don't fit in the in the worst possible
way that is another hundred outstanding
so yes the gorilla does not fit down the
stairway unless he like slides down
sideways and then you don't know how
he's gonna get back up you know what 100
can I just make it so that I fit through
there not being belligerent I'll just
I'll just push open some spaces if I can
sure yeah you rolled a hundred so you
all feel the boat shudder as like as
Flint starts to go down and he brings in
and there's like the sound of like
bowing wood and there's some weird
cracking sounds in the walls like no
problem you all right there front
I need some room to aim my rifle see
look I can it's all closed range here
you know now even worse he's like wedged
into the stairway and he pulls out his
rifle he's like see no problem I can I
like I like hit the deck in the most
literal possible sentence I'm so glad
I'm behind so glad I'm behind him so
glad I'm behind yeah I don't care how
far behind to Miami I want to be down as
well so with a hundred you come down
into the narrow hallway that is below
decks and at the end of this hallway is
another stairway down and there are four
doors two on each side you've been told
that the first door on the left was the
door with the portal okay okay mr.
dorit's is the first door the you know
what I'll find out I open up the first
door on the left
yeah like is it is it any trouble - no
you just so make me a strength role to
not just tear it off changes I just have
to not get a hundred okay yeah that's
that's a hard success yeah so you like
you just want you can go bam them right
at the door right on the doorknob and
the doorknob like shoots out of the door
and the door rules open and it's not a
portal no okay I'm looking for the next
well so you're this is a cabin which
there's no way you could fit through
this door you take up all of this
hallway and this door is smaller in the
hallway it's a cabin with a closet door
and and I think you've told him that was
the portal can I reach ahead in an arm
in and why why don't you let us the
smaller people go in and open that hold
on one moment yeah you can totally this
is a very it's a small cabin so you lean
in your head in your arm it's a little
pinchy and you reach and you open the
door and outside of the door you see a
beach alright I close it again
are you sure you don't want me to just
rip this wall right here because I think
I can get this do does it look like I
can get this closet door out this place
doesn't seem very structurally it's
it's a boat so yeah I mean you know you
can take it apart as much as you want to
take it apart do we think that do we
think that this portal is keyed to the
wardrobe and that we can take the
Wardrobe with us that's the real
question
well those rooms with those urns on the
frame of the portal so is it is it a
closet light
normal closet inset into the wall or is
it off standing wardrobe it's a closet
inset into the wall role hard success
there is a there's a like folded piece
of paper on the bed
uh oh can I just tear that piece of
paper
turn half well you're kind of crunched
man yeah you can you can pick up the
paper and then right now like you'd need
to bring it to your mouth and kind of
rip it that way because you can only get
one arm in and I encourage you to put
this piece of paper in your mouth no no
I was thinking like so there's just
there's there's some wall like I can see
in saying there's wall to each side of
the door yeah you can also yeah you
could take those walls out I think you
know what I'll get both if you if you're
suggesting I take both of them I I'll
listen to you though so flip like he
puts one arm and he can't quite reach
the closet so he he comes out and he
just goes crunch and it's like one of
those like folding closet doors that
just opens like that and he just pushes
them both that way and there is even
more groaning from the ship and like the
non verbal protestations of wood as it's
just splintering yeah you can now you
now have ready access to this cabin I'll
keep looking to see if anybody's
watching us or looking at us or anything
let's took a hand out and just do this
to stop the wait sign and I am ready to
pounce on this paper and shred it as
quickly as possible I want this to be as
smooth all right yeah you you dive in
and just rip the paper up into it in
this many many piece knows no just just
in half just down the middle okay yeah
you rip the paper up okay
I think I think it was a trap and I come
back I come back up with the two pieces
of paper what do you have there Flint
does someone have does someone have
matches what what is that yes please
really I know Emma doesn't read I know
how to read I just don't do it I didn't
say you couldn't read I said Emma
doesn't read but I think in this case
I'd be fascinated to know what it says
Wow don't read it verbatim out loud just
look at it and then summarize to us who
oh no I'm not reading it I don't want to
read it okay
who's left oh be the episode of every
Call of Cthulhu I don't want to read it
all right it might alright
don't put it all the way back together
though if it's if it's trapped that
might I got Sharona okay somehow Donnell
figures out how to read a piece of paper
that's been torn in half and and all the
note says is Donnell I knew you'd come
that you says dawdle on it yeah what
what does it say check the backside is
really on the backside nope Alexander
that much and I'll see if I can find
some matches sure yeah easily click one
yeah so you burn the paper yeah you burn
it no problem as the law as the the last
bit of the paper burns the boat shudders
I don't lend wasn't me everybody make me
a listen role list you should check the
door again Oh didn't $199.99 yes there
we go so cuz of because
as the with the boat shudders Emma just
starts freaking out and Donald did you
get a hard success you're gonna need a
hard success to hear anything with am I
going like what's going white yes
success I got a hard flicked and
Alexandra you both clearly hear it
sounds like steam or something coming
from the the undercarriage of the boat I
can't steam under kick undercarriage I'm
gonna step up real quick and cover
Emma's mouth just like she she she
someone's in the engine room no we need
to get out of here guys we need to get
out of here do I get the door should I
grab the door why are we going
downstairs to get the door who's there
the doors right no the doors get down
there I came up unless you're all fit
down on the where are we right now are
we on the deck yeah on the type Laura I
thought we'd come down with him or at
least was in the area
there's no you're basically on the
stairway cuz this is the first door down
the stairs so if he just smashed the
stairway went down and he has the one
door open and you're all on the stairs
there and that's one do we need to get
the other doors or that's the door that
that leads to go into grey dragon island
pretty sure if you heard something the
engine could be starting that actually
could be moving this boat again remember
we need to get out we need to get out
let's check the pilots room that's empty
we already checked it someone could be
back
you're just a classic I know I'm gonna
run back up the stairs I'm getting out
of here I'm not getting stuck on this
boat all right so you're back up the
stairs you're on deck everything seems
fine I'll go check the pilots off room
again just to make sure that nobody's
I'll try and cram myself down below
guys we have to go guys we have to go
let's go I'm I I have no fond memories
of this boat whatsoever I'm heading for
the deck and call him and like we hit
his whispering Flint whatever was
glowing is down there and if you break
it it'll hurt you
just looking all right hey Moe what are
you doing I'm getting off the boat
all right you are off the boat do I see
any doing you're you you're crushing
your your your man hem your gorilla
handling your way down this hallway it's
being a little more sideway I'm just
trying to get my head down there I'm
trying to be a little less fun so I
don't this area there is a stairway down
and that's stairway down there's like a
sick green glow coming up from that area
okay I'm gonna go get the door okay
Joan what are you doing I'm I'll I'm
running out right you are out Donal
you're up on the deck right now I'll get
off the boat as well all right that's
for flick you make me a make me a size
roll can't possibly now I want to fail
this right because I've used up on my
hundreds okay that's that's just a hard
success okay you you you wedge your
way through and you are now in front of
the door everybody else is off the boat
are you standing by the boat what are
you doing so Alexandre what are you
doing I am I'm off the boat on the on on
the on the dog the dog what are you I'm
scanning around looking to see if
anyone's watching us or if anyone's
approaching oh let's get clear look at
Claire's boat could be a bomb could be
let's get away from it we if it's a bomb
and it's starting to go off we won't get
far enough as far as we can all right so
are you leaving Donald I'm trying to get
the rest of group with me all right Joe
um I I you know Flint's there Flint's
still there come on Flint I'm just
yelling before I'm gonna make sure that
the boat is secured to the dock so it's
not that easy to go someplace yes the
boat is completely tied to the dock it
doesn't matter it ripped a piece of the
dock off last time when it left all
right so I rolled six and that is six so
the boat explodes there is a massive
green mushroom cloud so so I need
everybody that is outside of the boat to
make me a decks roll thank the moms
oh good hearts no critical 13 critical
oh nice oh I I got a hard success and it
looks like Emma didn't can I bring my
hard down to a normal and helped and and
and like who dive at her like that
whatever rolled first I just missed it
by two so I rolled a 42 that's I was
like do it what do I because it's not
look you could push the rule yeah or or
you know we had could spend all of that
inspiration that we got not a lot of
inspiration but I could be worse I mean
I'm super close are you gonna die
do you really want to spend luck I mean
my life appears I don't know I mean it's
not one of them no but yes but no I mean
I mean good I feel like we already used
no but yes but no isn't right Ezra could
could we could we could I sacrifice my
heart success to bring him down to a
normal or I'm gonna go for to luck I'm
gonna bring my luck down cuz it's only
two and so I'm give us saying this
campaigns almost over let's spend luck
yeah sure all right so you all need it
so you're gonna take half damage uh
anybody that got a hard success or
right so if you failed the role will
deal with you in a minute Nick if you
failed the role you are gonna take 14
points of damage
whoa if you want wool you're gonna take
seven and if you've got a harder better
you're gonna take three a force are you
gonna take four also if you've got a
hard or a critical success you have a
choice of being blown into the water or
being on the dock if you've got a normal
success you've been blown into the water
okay hey Doc I am staying I'm staying on
the dock okay so those of you on the
dock you fly back and you land on your
back and you're looking up and you see
this massive green mushroom cloud shoot
up incredibly quickly and then come
sucking back down and there's just a
small under the water everybody in the
water can easily see this in the water
steaming is a glowing green Rock of some
sort it is also for everybody who is on
the dock at that point that you hear
[Music]
and here comes Flint you so Flint you
are gonna take ten points of damage
your suit is now shredded it's like
there's like one shoulder left on this
side and then like one leg of the pants
you are shot so high up in the air that
Frost is forming on your hair on your
mustache ah
and both some of my mustache my mustache
stays together but the suit guess it
with the mustache I know what brings the
fans here and you come shooting back
down and you have the terror of freefall
for an uncomfortably long period of time
make me a sanity roll it's gonna make
this clear why fail it's not gonna be
freefall
it's cuz the zooms I failed
alright you lose 5 sanity from the suit
and the freefall and essentially dying
but not dying this is the first time
that you have tested the immortality of
this thing and you land so you hit the
water the water is like concrete as you
hit the water you feel your back and
every muscle in your upper body just
snap at once and you feel every single
one of them there's sickening crunch
after sickening crunch after sickening
crunch and you start to sink down you've
never had your entire back broken what's
the top one goes you lose all feeling
well that's the problem is then almost
immediately so you crash down and you
hit the you hit the water and you're
once again you have that sensation of
drowning
you're just you're kind of always almost
drowning you're never dying but you're
almost drowning and there's there's
about 40 seconds where your shattered
body puts itself back together
so the two of you in the water you can
both see like the you can see like the
gorilla hits the bottom and like the the
you know like its back is like horribly
wrenched in this horrible direction and
then it just slowly starts like jerking
itself back together and like crunch
crunch you both York very fairly
close to the docks so you can both get
up there there is you can both and
actually Flint you can also see the
glowing gleam green rock just sitting on
the bottom of the water I'm assuming you
want to leave it there
yeah I'm not I'm swimming I'm swimming
back to the dock and just feel like
somebody get me out of here yeah I'm
like curled up on my side on the dock
but like pull myself over and grow and
nobody need to throw a rope out for
flint or anything that's right he's a
gorilla and you hear like police coming
what's going on up here as you start to
leave a familiar face from the
harbormaster's office like coming
forward what what just happened I'm I'm
I'm like ducking my head down and
keeping a little bit behind the gorillas
in hopes that the massive gorilla will
grab his attention before a familiar
face will what what just happened to
that boat did you do that to that boat
oh he's not a gorilla oh he makes his
sanity roll who is that gorilla wearing
the remains of a suit yeah it's our pet
he's our pet he's our pet and and and
know what though oh no obviously no he
didn't hear it that one didn't work
like whoa gorilla just talked no no this
is that gorilla just push him out of the
side yeah we're just gonna go we're
gonna go in rolling by of sanity loss
you can you can leave this poor
shattered man yes I'm going to the
hospital goodbye bye you all make it out
of there and you have all have taken
some of you have taken worse wounds than
others yes we're going to let's go to
hospital ow
yep oh I was gonna if you guys don't
mind head back I mean there's probably
nothing that can be done but maybe he's
got a backup gorilla suit he's been
working on a lot of dresses you had on
one of the red dress you're gonna wear a
dress you did work maybe if there's
something tunic like I could do that
well I'm just gonna see what I'm gonna
see what my options are right here
you're not going yeah you're not going
to the hospital you're just gonna go
there I'm not going with you again I'm
going to Heisey is this the damaged from
the the damage last for me oh yeah yeah
it isn't all knit itself back together
magic Carla style a lot hey does the
damage does the pain does not ow
I mean you could probably stay at one
hit point for the rest of time but it
wouldn't be a lot of fun right and they
are good good well there are they're
gonna take me at a hospital no likely
probably not or they're gonna have some
very zen follow-up questions and a
veterinarian is just gonna be a butcher
Oh kiddo always good Adam Adam wins dr.
Matt of Lane could probably hook you up
with somebody
mom you're still in good with Matt yeah
you're in good with her
you might want to see so first
I guess that lady's pantsuit I can offer
if she has any stuff ready to deliver it
to her on behalf of the tailor there you
ignore the blood-soaked fur Edie so some
of you are going to the hospital
Lucy loves dice yes some of you are
going to the hospital and one of you is
going to Madame Linz yeah Taylor first
Taylor then madam lens to see if she has
any a doctor that would look at me so
all right so yeah well we'll do that
scene first cuz that's easy you go to
the tailor you walk in say what
happened to my suit there was an
explosion it was unforeseen I'd like to
order another suit it's good okay it'll
be a couple days
well III might be out of town for a
while so don't feel any rush I know that
you're busy with the with a surgeon and
gorilla sized apparel so it's a growth
market yeah if you have any I was gonna
head to madam Linz after this if you
have anything you want me to do are you
in her good graces yeah we you know us
grow as business we are not monkeys oh
I'm terribly sorry I was an impertinent
question I'm very sorry yeah I do
have a down ready for her if you'd like
to take it to her I would be happy to
deliver it thank you that's very kind I
would the less I see gorillas the better
present company excluded no and I'm
gonna take that as a yes it's always a
pleasure so he'll have you a lovely it's
it's a it's a deep emerald gown with the
beautiful shiny material and you will
head to Madeline so you guys go to the
hospital anybody who took the the ten
points of damage wait was it seven seven
yeah you know that's not terrible but
it's not great so the hospital
oh wow you get excellent medical care
okay
the hospital will give all of you for
hit points back but it's gonna take the
rest of today yeah because that brings
me back up to full okay birds of
paradise baby I rolled it oh seven on
the medical care so this is an excellent
hospital and with another seven they
don't even ask questions about why
you're blown up then oh good
they're just asked for in a hospital
just lay there with a good pain
medication just drifting are we gonna
stay here overnight or we're just gonna
just the rest of today that you'll be
released in the morning
good cuz does that get rid of that major
wound I had oh yes it will good call oh
thank goodness rid of the major wound
great call
so split you go to madam Lynn's place
and once again they just let you right
in because they've had years of letting
gorillas into this place and yeah mad at
you you you will mr. Wu will say oh I'm
so glad that you you have Madam's dress
I'll let her know she would love to
speak with you and would you be able
to send for a doctor I was blown up
earlier today oh no what oh I was on a
boat looking for
a magic portal and then the mysterious
green rock powering the boat blew the
whole thing up along with the my clothes
well that's a lot it's been a day
it sounds like it well what are you
looking at you're looking at me I was
perfect what are you looking at yeah so
yeah you will he'll he'll he'll have a
doctor sent for and you yeah wait
a you know there's food waiting for you
and then madam Lin will come in and you
know she thanks you for the gown and
she's being very touchy with you there's
a lot of like you know she comes around
the chair and sort of you know her hands
linger and she says you know I've been
thinking Flint you could be very useful
to me yes I am sort of preoccupied
currently yeah yeah your save the world
crap yeah yeah I know it just keep
beating that dead horse how about after
you're done with all the save the world
stuff mm-hmm you come work for me I'm
certainly open to the idea because the
only thing I can think of that's more
awesome than one immortal gorilla God is
two immortal gorillas God's you Flint
are the only person on this planet that
now understand
me you know the power you know the
self-control required to not break every
yes I have managed to master that do you
understand
the the gift we give every single person
we don't kill I might be visibly shaking
right now like I have the food I'm like
okay make a make a sanity roll not gonna
lose any sanity but let's see how I mean
I'm glow enough yeah yes yeah you are
visibly you heard you are blanching
which is a weird look in a gorilla flint
no I'm a gorilla now yes you're an
immortal gorilla God mmm no I just found
that out earlier really had it driven
home yes it looks like you've had an
interesting experience whoo told me that
you were in a boat that blew up mm-hmm
yeah I'm given to understand that that
was Penn Hughes boat would you're
correct
and I'm also given to understand that
believe it was an explosion of some sort
of magical variety and is there any
after I had my spine shattered I just
got out of the water yes yes so you
thought you firmly believe that you
should have died in that explosion oh I
I was blown up launched very high up
into geez very high up
I took a significant drop that would
have definitely killed even a very large
gorilla I felt every bone in my back
break and my body splay out he's like
visibly excited by everything you're
saying and I don't recommend it you're
thinking of trying it it's just
unpleasant but you didn't die no cuz it
wasn't a person you have tested our
blessing
and now we know it's true we are
immortal nothing can destroy us except
honestly terrorism and bombs that's the
main thing I was afraid of if somebody
puts a bomb in my car that would be that
would be the easiest way to kill me but
now they can't do it it checks out can I
get some morphine
of course yes of course the doctor will
be here soon
Flint I want you to stay with me I mean
you know if I don't die well we'll see
how that goes
you can't die Oh from people Flint the
best way to make sure that people don't
kill you is to kill people doesn't that
put a target on your back if people
think that you're going to kill them
then they're gonna try to kill you where
is most people who see me walking down
the street as a gorilla just they're
happy to let me just walk on by actually
when I ask politely no one is happy to
let me walk on by and now I am the power
in Shanghai we've had very different
experiences with walking to Shanghai and
if I kill enough people they'll stop
trying to kill me I think this is a
chicken or the egg sort of scenario I
think I'm gonna make an omelet and fried
chicken
I'm now you're making me hungry
but yes we'll get you that doctor so the
doctor make a con roll mean yeah regular
success all right you are um
you are super woozy like their oral you
have been given a lot of drugs you did
ask for fein and you've been given a lot
good old elephant tranquilizers um
you will gain four points back but you
will and you will be here tell them I
have to leave early in the morning if
yeah you pass out on the with the doctor
who's caring for you and and
everything's fine so it is the morning
of your departure and and yeah so flick
you wake up and you are strapped in a
table and madame woo is there Madame Lin
Madame Lin mr. woo is there as well he
looks terrified and he has a gun and and
the doctor is there and the doctor is
like has another syringe and like he's
by your neck
alright let's try to break out of these
restraints with everything I have
alright make a strength
roll oh please fumble that would be a
critical success okay man all right so
you yeah you like smashed the ballon
the the bindings off of you and you like
knock the doctor backwards just with the
force of your ripping them off and uh
mr. woo is just like sobbing and he's
got like the gun is not pointed at
anyone he's just sobbing and Madame Lin
is just looking at a good do it you
coward
I actually am short some weapons so I'm
gonna be taking that gun she looks at
you and she and she says I god I'm so
turned on right now
okay I've got a bit I've got a boat to
be on you know saving the world
so she looks at you and she goes you are
so useless and she just takes his head
and goes and like as soon as she does it
his body goes limp and she throws him
down and she says you have the spirit I
need to save the world
this is this is a horrible way to start
off the morning okay way to start off
the morning yes so she'll let you go
like you got out of her try not to break
anyone else's neck if you can help it
why would you tell me that cuz you you
and she'll you know shall as you leave
don't make me come find you somewhere it
was like I feel a weight lifted off my
shoulder I hope they find a way to let
this curse and yeah you you guys make
your way to the rendezvous point taro is
there with one other gentleman in a
small little skiff that is going to take
you unless you were we able to swing by
our hotel and grab the things that we
love I just wanted to verify to make
sure I've got like every dagger you've
got all your equipment we wanna get him
to delay a little bit what about the
interpreter mm-hmm
are you bringing him or not we should
bring him no we need his input never
weak no we're not gonna bring him on a
Japanese destroyer we need him
we're not bringing him on a Japanese
destroyer why who says they're gonna let
him off we can't protect him we're not
gonna make it anyway I mean I like
turning then look and I look Flint up
and down and say really you can't
protect him no we're gonna be on the
island you want to clip some we're
taking him on the island no no no no I
think we need him on the boat to make
sure that we have all the information we
need to do the ritual and when we can
let them up we are in cahoots with the
Japanese and we're gonna make them do
the right thing this is one guy
I don't like that smile on Asura's face
this is this is an absolutely horrible
this is a horrible idea I we have to
have him there they do not get along
no we're risking his life anyway like
the best thing that we can do to keep
him alive is to take all the notes leave
him here guns it's not finished and I
want to make customer if we can find
another translator no you have to stop
killing people on Japanese boat a
Chinese translator okay no no we're not
gonna find it on the boat but when we
come back we can we can find another one
who's going to come back yeah if we stay
on the island staying on the island yeah
why what's they first did you know no
what we what do you think living on a
volcano island we need me we need to
hold the island until we can do the
ritual if we leave it someone else can
come in and take it back yeah this all
over again yeah and I don't really need
to have the Japanese take over a Chinese
island hola mr. Rogers issue you're just
trying to get him killed
he's gonna die we're gonna have to come
back we're all gonna die Flint thirteen
hit points it's looking sketchy for me I
mean I only ever have 1500 I mean are
you are you telling this man of the
dangers no he's coming on the boat to
finish the job look I don't like ramen
Malone yeah no one gets to criticize
Rogers anymore except for me cuz I'm
against this I'm not for this I don't I
don't like the idea of bringing an
innocent translator on the boat with us
when there is no Emma no I see what is
the idea
he doesn't need all his blood I mean
it's just a little bit right we'll get
me some orange juice and cookies they'll
be fine
yeah the thing is the thing is this we
can tell him about what the problems can
be but it's something we have to we have
to do this to save the world but it's
not gonna work
well make it work we're gonna we're not
staying on the island it's not gonna
what we're at where else do you need to
be you've got a job offer we have to
wait till the full moon would you the
ritual six days from today yep we have
to hold the island five days after after
tomorrow after we take it assuming this
works
assuming that we can take it yeah hold
on hold on hold on Rodgers is is is
going to be opening a door to the island
or onto the boat we can ask him if
everything goes well - in a couple of
days have a have a door open - bring the
information to us that he that so he can
stay and finish translating but if we
have that we don't need to bring this
guy with us exactly I just can find
someone no my idea is is is that we have
him bring this guy in a couple of days
after Evans bring his stuff in a couple
of days right Rogers we'll take him to
whatever Rogers is in that laboratory
where he does whatever it is beneath us
and who knows that this man ever leaves
that laboratory then then the man
doesn't enter the laboratory he just
gives him the the notes because it's
because this person is just a translator
he's not oh he's not a practitioner
himself all we need is the notes we need
lynZ recommending is that we leave the
scrolls here no no the scrolls come with
us the translator stays so we gain no
ground we're just stopping while we're
there that's right I mean unless unless
Joan can make a little
progress you know I mean that's that's
the thing it's gonna take me you know
more days than we have yeah I don't I
mean I I was the whole point of having
somebody as a translator well I mean
I've I've made my case he's just gonna
die we're gonna have to come back we're
gonna have to find some other way he's
as good as dead if we bring him with us
from from just multiple angles you can
finish on the boat he'll be safe on the
boat nose on the island and we don't
even know if taro is gonna let him on
the boat any well yeah we don't know we
don't know but we can make a good case
because we need to save the world how
are we gonna do it if we don't have all
the the knowledge that we know that we
need to have how yes we could get this
stuff later but then again as you say
you know leaving this guy alone with all
this stuff what's gonna happen to it
we're not leaving him alone with it
you're saying we take it and we hang on
to it and then we have to come all the
way back and then wait a couple more
days while he does and then go back
again what happens in the no time what
happens in the meantime do you
understand that taking this girls with
us is giving penny is giving them to pen
here if we die mm-hmm
leaving them here they're gonna be
taking it with them putting with it with
them in the hotel safe deposit box then
we can find someplace to put them not I
don't I do I do not think that we take
them with us not if we think that this
is going to be a suicide mission we do
not want to put them in pen whose hands
every agreed safe on a destroyer that's
the safest place they'll be yes you
remember that that dragon I I have a
feeling that it could do something
against a destroyer it can do something
it's a hotel safe as well I mean it
knows where it is it knows of us here
that can easily tell him where it is not
if it gets put in someplace that some of
us won't know about it on a destroyer
he'll face the translations and what
happens after that we can't control
we need that information before the full
moon right at a time and what if we get
stuck on the island what if we get stuck
there somehow then we find a way to
contact Rogers and he opens a portal to
come pick us up perhaps their phone and
Lyndon I call the DoD and get the
coordinates to him radio oh no no no I'm
just saying we're going through all that
we're going through all the things you
know they're saying that we have to come
back Flint what if we can't then we're
probably dead
well you're all probably dead I don't
think you two but except that yeah I'll
just I'll just hitch a ride on your back
means friend back cuz you're gonna do
that I do not want to bring the
translator with us I think that the met
the more civilians that we bring into
the line of fire the worse it's going to
be for everyone I want the brain we need
his information and he's innocent
we may need that alright so Alexander's
a no Donnell's it yes Joan I say we
bring him Jonesy yes
Flint still a no no yes all right so
you know it doesn't have to be unanimous
or anything like that but the majority
of the party wants to bring the
translator his blood isn't gonna be on
my hands I've made my case if you're not
going to listen to me then you're not
going to listen to me so be it
alright so yeah you see you get to the
skiff with taro and the translator is
like I'm going on a ship okay I'm just
supposed to you know mr. Chiu just told
me that I was supposed to go wherever
and taro kind of looks a little strange
when a Chinese
man gets on the boat with you guys but
you head out and you are on this gift
for about two hours the the destroyer
has would not come into Chinese waters
so you have to head out to international
waters and as you are you you make it to
the destroyer and you are pulled up this
is a massive war this is a a machine of
war
this boat is gleaming it is new it is
state-of-the-art and it is everything is
in Japanese there's no English anywhere
it's very confusing the most of the
soldiers most of the sailors don't speak
any English
taro introduces you to the captain of
the vessel captain shinty and captain
shouldn't I speaks no English and he he
rogers translates captain shouldn't i he
says our oh sorry oh not Rogers sorry
taro yeah taro translates that captain
shinty says that he knows that his he
has been told that his mission is to do
whatever commander taro says and that he
knows that it will be a dangerous
mission that perhaps men will not return
from and that his men are the best man
and the best man the Navy has and they
will they will succeed when when I have
a moment I'd like to ask taro if he has
any spare rifles mine were alone lop yes
yes of course we can ask the Marines to
to have you armed and so yeah you'll get
you'll get a Japanese rifle you're gonna
have to do the trigger-guard work again
yeah
nobody says anything about it'll have
the same stats as your other rifle and
nobody says anything about a gorilla
walking around or anything they you know
they've heard a lot of weird stories
about Americans method rush they've
heard they you know they've heard a lot
of weird stories about the uncouth
Americans and this this is this is
fitting right in with the things they've
heard all true and yeah you are given
the the lodgings are not up to your
usual standards you've essentially been
given one of the they've taken one of
the staterooms and they've turned it
into bunks and so there are six bunks so
it's you five in the translator do they
make any special accommodations I will
not fit in a bunk
it's true and this boat is much harder
to make room in because it is all steel
they can read you up a hammock on the
deck yes yes they will read you up a
hammock on the deck and there is there
is much mirth a a bunch of the younger
sailors will come by and sort of laugh
at the gorillas like laying in a hammock
on the deck new meaning to banana
hammock also of questionable value for
YouTube and so you you strike out and it
didn't dibs on the top bunk and it is
everybody's gonna get one hit point back
you you feel about six hours of travel
you all feel the you all feel the boats
engine stopping you're on the deck
Flint so you hear a lot of yelling in
Japanese and you you feel the boat
stopping as well really quick before I
respond to that but I've been able to
have gotten a hunting knife as well sure
yeah and you also get 500 bits for a
summer submachine gun gorilla yeah oh
wait is that an option but what do they
have I mean I think yeah I you can do
you want a submachine gun instead it
doesn't have nearly the range if I can
be a gorilla with a submachine gun
apparently there's bits in it
so right we'll worry about the stats
later tonight but yeah the stance for
the submission while you're confident he
blew me up and then smashed me against
the water after falling who knows how
many thousands of feet I already had a
long day so the ship is definitely
stopping hmm and on the deck there is a
lot of commotion and and on the right
side of the boat there's a lot of
commotion and guys yelling and the
captain has come out of the bridge and
he's like looking with binoculars over
that side yeah what's yeah I go of
course I go and look as well okay you
see they are letting down a small boat
they are they're dropping a small boat
into the water with three sailors in it
and you you think maybe you see off in
the distance a small vessel of some sort
okay
I'll watch things I mean I can't speak
to them so I'm just watching things play
out
yeah is that are you guys gonna stay
below deck no when when when when I feel
the ship style I was not moving I'm
gonna swing down out of the bunk and go
investigate is anybody staying down with
the translator I am okay so yeah you
know with an ominous question you go
down on deck and yeah the same you you
see the same thing there's a commotion
off to the side and a small boat is
being let out and yeah in the distance
you you definitely see another not big
boat but a another boat and the sailors
are rowing out to that boat as you get
as you guys get up there can we get some
binoculars from somewhere or somebody
where's taro at this point taro is up
on the bridge with the captain let's go
up all right yeah you go up and taro
is there and the bridge is very cramped
and he will say we are responding to a
distress call please return to your
quarters another Japanese Imperial Navy
ship in trouble could this be a trap
it's probably a trap
we are signatories to international
treaties that require us to answer
distress calls course perfect trap yes
it was the binoculars you can yeah you
you though nope you can all pass
binoculars around back you know what is
the flag on the boat hmm so the boat
looks like it is a it is a tiny little
boat it has a it looks like it's an
escape
like an escape boat or something a
lifeboat yeah that's the word I was
looking for and it's at that point
through the miracle of sound and open
water that you hear cutting through the
air a word that sends shivers down your
spine
and then in the binoculars you see
Rupert and the Duchess are like they are
like in a in a skate in a lifeboat like
half-dead as this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] as the as the
Japanese come alongside them and start
to tow them yeah IIIi just look at that
and then and impassive a document is on
look at taro and say you're going to
regret that I'm so sorry I just like
back up he's he's he's visibly
nonplussed by that what what do you know
I'm going back to my quarters hurt we
don't actually know her name her name is
Eva she goes by the Duchess we've run
into her a few times
she's a very terrifying battleship of a
woman have fun I'm gonna go downstairs
as well have I actually met her yet no
you haven't joy and so we they will and
and so you're you're the only one who's
still up on deck Flint I guess everybody
else is well I'm not gonna try and cram
down below last time I did that the ship
blew up alright and so you see a man
he's with the Duchess and he starts to
like they drag they pull the boat over
to the destroyer and there's a like rope
ladder and the man starts to try to
climb up and the Duchess just like
shoves him out of the way
women first and she like puts one ham
hock of a hand on the ladder
and you would swear the destroyer lists
a little start to move to the other side
the counterbalance you had heard there
was a lot of way and with amazing
vigour she pulls herself up this ladder
and then she looks down and she says
Robert are you coming and this man comes
up and the guy is a very handsome young
guy in a tuxedo the tuxedo has seen much
better days at this point and the
Japanese are offering them water they
both seem like they are are very have
gone several days without water and the
guy Rupert says ah it is he's you know
I'm gonna go work on my guns the Duchess
like starts to like starts to like faint
demands like demonstrably and like
everybody behind her clears out there's
like one guy who's like flounces down
god I hate that Dame and that is where
we're gonna end it Rupert says god I
hate that Dame oh my god and that that's
gonna do it for that i rachel reminded
me last week that the duchess my cannon
is on every boat and she's like how is
she gonna be on a japanese destroyer
ruined it's the perfect trap he's
actually she's actually niala thought up
no i keep thinking
he wouldn't surprise me nice to say
accurate though so our quotes for today
I very rarely read things sometimes it's
just a hand
I barely consider my own actions buddy
system which i think is just a good
title you know it doesn't have to be
clean I know how oh I know how to read I
just don't do it
ironic that I couldn't read that I don't
want to read it and this is a horrible
way to start the morning which I think
that's the episode yeah yeah thank you
so much we were we were just in a
balanced with bits and we really
appreciate it
we're probably we're probably gonna
trigger something just with today's
leftovers here
Reisman don't forget we all many of
us were enjoying rolling these
birds-of-paradise that were rolling
great for us you can get them and you
can roll them too I need them I need
they're so pretty
lovely we have our we have our there's
the question cast discord there's still
a question chaos patreon you can you can
support question chaos and somebody and
you all do support question chaos in
somebody different way as week we really
appreciate it
what are we putting in the old book of
inspiration there eighteen Wow
got to be a record that's got to be a
rep yeah yeah I think we got 25 bits to
spend this entire Zulu clan for life Oh
what sort of a gesture would you like I
like that that is our secret hander Tom
space
so again Monday it's Rick and Morty DMD
then Tuesday it's the Kaos agents then
we're back here Saturday we are really
looking forward to when we can get back
in studio
or not we're not on Saturday right
okay Saturday is July 4th and how better
to honor America's and not have any roll
dice so yeah we are we are not going to
play on Saturday thank you for reminding
me time has ceased to have any meaning
in the visit hellscape that we all live
in so we're gonna take the 4th off to do
nothing nice lunch I mean yeah it is em
a special holiday of explosives my
neighborhood has been celebrating your
holiday for the last like three freaking
weeks yes yes so we are we are off next
week then we will be back in two weeks
with this is a horrible way to start the
morning and we'll find out just how the
Duchess found herself on a lifeboat in
the middle of the South China Sea it's
going to be exciting until then goodbye
you
