Kind: captions
Language: en
you
hello internet friends and welcome to
question Cthulhu thank you so much for
spending part of your Deek end with us
we really appreciate it we are all once
again in undisclosed locations
Amy's giving you another view of the new
studio the breathe the light should be
green that's our Cthulhu color you know
that was purple is green it's green for
the crazy attractor that's so cliche dah
I'm not even changing anything have you
tried hitting it kills to pay the bills
uh we we're so glad you're with us this
time it's gonna be a fun episode I think
that we're gonna start with a few quick
announcements the first one as is
tradition beer enjoy a lovely Gordon
Biersch
beverage of your choice the the second
one of course the the the patron saint
well no the Baroness is the patron saint
of quests and Cthulhu but the the patron
saint of me killing players is birds of
paradise
these beautiful little babies right here
I've got a few I've got a few to help
counteract thank you the birds in today
the official die of the Great Dane
Society I'm just gonna say it
we're doing it we have apparently Thomas
is putting it in the chat we have a code
a discount code that you can use with
birds of paradise which would have been
great to know last week when Rachael
bought a bunch but we are happy to
support birds of paradise so use the
code chaotic at your birds-of-paradise
checkout and you're gonna get 15% off um
and they are fine dice they they have
done me well they've done everybody here
um no another full week of I'm gonna
call it entertainment edutainment if
you're not careful that's neither the
Rick and Morty game I think you know I
watched so I watched some of that and I
really like Aaron's energy as a DM I
really like the way he runs a table and
the way that he kind of manages the flow
I'm a fan so if you get Monday we're
back for the Rick and Morty it's a one
shot so it's probably gonna be going on
until we're back in the studio at some
point and so Monday
it's a Rick and Morty Tuesday
very exciting what's better than call of
cthulhu it's call of cthulhu in space
Tom give us the elevator pitch for this
game this story takes place above
tickety the player should make us agents
they often give me new characters so
that they can dive
ultimately I'm sorry about that I feel
bad to Yuma but this is how it goes
there are madmen in the future what
we're all leaving the solar system and
out into the unknown and they're all
passengers on a colony ship call arc 105
and they are heading out to a brand new
planet and then we will see how that
goes is beau playing a character named
Ted not he hasn't come up with a name
yet he is but open just kill him first
off and then just so yeah Tom will be
running are you running fifth edition
are you running seventh I have no other
rules don't matter it isn't so Tom's
gonna be running Call of Cthulhu for the
Kaos agents on Tuesday I'm super excited
I think it's gonna be really cool yeah
but yeah well yeah the last time that
happened we all turned on each other and
murdered each other brutally yeah I keep
an eye on Warren is all I'm saying
that's I love the energy it's perfect
he's a he's a he's a poopster that would
which as a GM you love so Tuesday
again it's gonna be Cthulhu in space Tom
will be Jia Ming I'm super excited I
think it's gonna be a lot of fun and
then we're back on Saturday and coming
and then I guess tomorrow this is this
is something for you YouTube kids
tomorrow we're gonna have our o or
Monday sorry we're gonna have up a video
we recently did a playthrough of an
upcoming Kickstarter game a board game
and Amy and Thomas and I got to demo
with a preview copy of a game that's
alright it's on Kickstarter right now it
has the ridiculously wonderful title
Houston we have a dolphin and it is a
it's a deduction game think werewolf the
resistance that's sort of thing but it's
intentionally designed for three to five
players so you can have a deduction game
you know in a short period of time with
a small group of people it's it's great
watch the video you'll see all about it
then go back it on Kickstarter they are
it's by the same people that made Soviet
kitchen unleashed which as you know is
one of a game I really enjoy in a game
that Thomas and Amy have enjoy as well I
think that's it for announcements we
there you go so let's see alright
so players start with four since a lot
of people gave us bits the last time and
we didn't go through all of them so we
at least hold over four because we
hadn't gone anywhere yet we're just on
the boat so a thousand bits to the
player from the bareness thank you your
she also gave you 500 Ezra the that's
the thing
everything's fine everything's fine yeah
tamago Torah I'm not too sure where to
put this 500 for the Duchess oh he's on
our side we call dibs oh that just has
one inspiration yeah yeah has one
inspiration and then also the players
have one inspiration because of fire
thank you it will always be fired
there's Emma around exactly then LD brat
one a thousand to the players thank you
thank you
five hundred who needs no assistance no
no he has birds of paradise on his side
yeah no kidding I have algebra on myself
clearly oh you've got more people than
that and it's making me sad so here's
the thing our favorite twitch user
squirrel on the run 500 Hey before you
start yelling squirrel on the run also
give us our 500 so it's really just
coming back into the so essentially it's
a thousand bits from squirrel on the run
500 the players 500 back to Ezra's house
keep me in a lifestyle to which I am
accustomed and that's called killing
players and then slightly talking 500
the players thank you hey our side this
time and then I'm not too sure Jay
Matthews 85 a thousand to Thomas for his
Tuesday game so I'm assuming that
proactive bits I think
no that's yeah that goes into the
futures that's for him killing players
in his game but since we are Americans
we could probably borrow against this
future right unless we need to if it
will bankrupt you later exactly only
ever children will be paying for it
later we're morally bankrupt anyway we
might as well roll with that all right
and then apparently there's still more
oh my goodness did I accidentally scroll
improperly so again the bareness comes
again
I don't know bareness you're just what
what five hundred bits this is for
the what did i do thomas what did i do
wrong it says a thousand - Ezra run five
hundred to the players I just want to
watch Amy do math
this should be our stream this is it
won't be like this
all right all right so then 500 the
players and then the Baroness is doing
more stuff what is that
500 what is that 500 for there's 500
more going somewhere what's going on I
don't know it's a it's a bit station a
bit Splosion I love it
Oh was 15 what a bit spleen here but the
Baroness then reversed her previous
thing and so she gave a thousand to me
and 500 of the players so it was a
second 1,500 yeah yes of which we've got
I also missed a thousand je Matthews
because nothing nothing battle happened
right this is a problem so then Thomas
where does this last 500 from the
Baroness go I'm thoroughly lost he said
like 11 I will tell them to account hey
I'm sing it one two three four five six
he does math Austrian so it's nine plus
nine plus our original four plus my
battleship
my homebound battleship woman what
doesn't the Duchess's doesn't go to you
separate Duchess pool everyone knows
there's a separate Duchess pool yeah
just use her as a floatation device when
this ship inevitably sings
yes okay so hang up one how many did you
say Thomas total player two four six
eight ten twelve fourteen sixteen
eighteen twenty five twenty one I say
good enough cool I'm gonna part with
Tidwell to whatever pocket dimension
he travels off to to us ah so that
twenty one went the wrong way all right
you know what I'm not gonna get a job in
Vegas that's all I gotta say hmm what
would you do with that job you already
have one yeah I was about to second I
don't know yeah yeah you're not enough
jobs thanks all right I I just want to
watch continue watching Amy do math
what we have a whiteboard I'm giving
myself one more because I feel like we
cheated ourselves okay I agree I feel
like my math is so bad that I just need
to give us one more just in case that's
probably fair that is exactly fair we'll
just start singing lorb it should start
off with five another bet another
Destiny six seven eight nine ten eleven
twelve thirteen to the players one to my
floatation device home one two three
four five six seven eight esra what okay
so we have 13 cool lucky 13 that it's
it's almost like that was the number I
said fine I'm not to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] flame I'm
gonna get out of the way of this
explosion yeah explosion so the I mean
the Baroness gave us bits and it's been
a minute so I think we should do a GI
Joe moment absolutely and III mean I the
GI Joe moment is Amy I want you to ask
Thomas if he's gotten those GI Joe toys
out of his attic
I'm seeing a head shaking yes I want I
want a hiss take in the studio that's
his brother's house I'd settle for you
know Thomas got the action figures
apparently his brother got all of that
like the other things whatever that is
deals were great swivel arm battle grip
baby so that was okay apparently 500
more from Aldi Brad sorry there you go
uh ya know the the you know the the
stick of the GI Joe action figure the
reason the GI Joe action figures were so
great was that they could actually
swivel at the elbow unlike Star Wars
figures that walk and at the knee
actually although not as articulated and
if you ever took a part of gia I think
anybody that had GI Joes unscrewed that
screw on the back and then like swapped
heads and you know the whole groups and
for em though and everything yeah okay
super modular if major Bloods computer
robot arm - like all of the cool
characters and get rid of him but you
could like create your own sort of
characters and I might have told this
story before but my brother and I
created a pro wrestling game using only
GI Joe figures and we had like rankings
and it was incredible we used the combat
system from the top-secret role-playing
game and then we had this whole like
Rhian rankings for tag team it was when
I was a youth not a lot of dates in our
so we find ourselves in the middle of
the South China Sea on the Imperial
Japanese destroyer the XI Mikasa it is
you you you have been on this boat for
several hours you there was a bit of
a kerfuffle when the Duchess and a man
named Rupert were brought on board the
ship they were found in a in a dinghy in
the middle of the South China Sea um
you all of you except the except gorilla
Flint are in a essentially a galley that
they have cleared out and made into an
air zat's bedroom for you
the Duchess is lying unconscious on one
of the beds Rupert is sort of as far
away from the Duchess as he can be
sitting in a chair all of you are in
that room this this boat we didn't
really talk about the boat last time
when you got on this boat is stuffed to
the gills it has the full crew
complement as well as probably fifty you
you you think 50 Marines so there are 55
extra people and one extra gorilla
taking up space on this ship there is
nowhere on this boat that doesn't have
people in it
there's
no we're on this boat that is not
crowded there are there are people there
are bunks there are cots and there are
hammocks just anywhere you can see and
the the the boat itself again the only
person on this boat the only crew that
you found on this boat that speaks
English is commander taro who is usually
on the bridge talking with the captain
so so yeah your your in your in your
little stateroom and let's see who do we
have Emma and Joan you are the only two
that have worn the headdress amongst the
usual suspects both of you make me pal
rolls hmm come on birds of paradise Oh
nope our hard success for Joan yes fire
that so joy or you have a weird tingly
feeling for a minute
oh do we want to address we want to
inspire we do no here we go I'm gonna
trade out these birds of paradise for
these birds paradise let's see what
happens
birds the same almost same number 73
again so it's another failure
no no yeah was it pretty much a neck
yeah the same same same we have to add a
new column to them all right so all
right so Joan you have a weird tingly
feeling but it passes pretty quick
quickly Emma you swear that you hear
Silvano's voice very breathy sounds
super far away there's kind of a weird
echo a tinge to it mm-hmm
and you hear Silvano say god I hate that
woman
and as soon as the says that the six
straight up in bed and in the bed that
she was on whoa I value my hearing it's
one of the only senses I have left
hmm Oh Duchess you're awake who are you
and how do you know my name is all yours
John thank you thank you wait a minute
you're the one that I beat fencing it's
amazing the things that she can remember
let's go say yes we did have a fencing
match whatever happened to your friends
were they in the ship that sank as well
yeah well there's been a lot happening
since we saw you last you want to know
what happened to you and how did you get
here the ship Willa hmm we were taking
it by tram and I were taking it up a
cruise to Macau this ship was beset and
sank and there was only that horrible
gentleman over there she points at
Ruppert who dragged me into a boot a
lifeboat I was trying to save my beloved
Bertram what what rapscallion would have
none of it he was able to save you so
we'll have to thank him later Emma make
me a pal rule okay while I'm doing this
I asked her so Bertram it's pretty much
a nick again these dice can only roll 73
that is the only number they also fight
so you're what question do you want to
ask the bear I'm trying like I'm trying
if I'm having some issues I'm just sort
of like so where's Bertram so you come
up to the bareness and you ask where
and she sent her kind of like yes with
I pull them out sir it's it's a new
medical technique right I said hold up
right at this and watch Rupert is like
clapping ah yes I'm like wiping it like
don't say that because when your fingers
come out there's like mucus or something
on them and you say where you swear you
hear that same Silvano's voice distant
echo ii saying she deserves it I I need
to get some air I've got to go upstairs
I'm assuming outside is upstairs right
look
yeah yeah you were about the lower lower
decks mm-hmm I was gonna say I tried to
calm her down homey kind of calm her
down it's like all right yeah the
Duchess is like out of it Rupert is
laughing like knee-slapping laughing
going that's how you shut her off so
what's your story Rupert I've been stuck
on a boat for three days with that why
did it why did you bother saving her if
you didn't know her didn't care about
her those pearls tell me that she's
got money is it worth it was it really
worth it at the time maybe but maybe not
the Baroness that bear whole gosh that's
the third time you've done that no fair
there's too many S's she's gonna come
find you and smack you
the the Duchess bolts from her bed and
goes to the sink of this galley and just
she vomits and then she like comes back
and she's dabbing a handkerchief at her
in her mouth and she says oh oh oh she
pulled all fingers in my mouth which
it's very unsanitary yeah you are in the
middle of an ocean for three days I
can't imagine you're terribly sanitary
at the moment and what is this why
doesn't no one here speak English
it's a Japanese boat what Japanese boat
would you rather take your chances with
the ninja again where are we going
little island when can they drop me off
well when we finished what we're doing
we're going to go back to Shanghai and
then I'm sure you can find someone to
bully into doing what you want them to
do wasn't Shanghai is an awful city but
it's a place that isn't in the middle of
the ocean where you'll die of
dehydration hmm she lays back down see
you will you should rest
yeah just rest when I talk to this
Rupert character a little bit more yeah
yeah yeah we've encountered her before
I'm sorry so you've encountered her
before multiple times multi likes is not
she likes to go on cruises
she likes to go on cruises all over the
place so chances are you get on a cruise
she's there you were right about the
money did she did she promise you
anything did you
I mean look he lowers his voice yeah
yeah yeah I already got you know those
pearls are her backup pearls I already
got the good ones told her they fell
overboard she wanted to bring a steamer
trunk on the dinghy or she did swear
yeah so but so before us why don't we uh
why are you on a Japanese warship we got
to we got stuff to do so they take they
said they'd give us a ride
how about you what what were you up to
on that ship hold on I'm making a
psychology roll mm-hmm hold on I'm
missing a psychology walk you wanna
inspire that yeah I'm just trying to
make a buck I was headed to Macau cuz
you know there's there's there's a lot
of there's a lot of opportunities there
for enterprising young men no I
understand about enterprise so uh
won't say anything - about the pearls
okay I love you but you got to help us
keep her out of the way though can we
put her overboard
I don't think they'll let us as you
say I don't think they'd let us
everybody make try and make a listen
rule would I be making a listen role
from the upper deck yeah you have a late
you ever gorillas oh yeah yeah but you
have an advantage dogs ok good cuz I
rolled a 76 again so I'm not too sure
what your dice out oh yeah I just made
it hard success it doesn't count it
doesn't count if I have advantage right
right yeah advantage will nullify a
I got a hard success with 35 so he's I I
just made it but just alright someone
just made the very unfortunate mistake
of asking me to speak up
probably because because I'm
overwhelming you a little bit with my
voice which is weird because my
microphone is actually further away from
me than usual I'll just move my
microphone a little closer Oh speak up a
little diaphragm yeah use that theatre
training so you anybody who made the
role who was below decks yes you hear a
noise it sounds like this is ridiculous
but it sounds like a small child running
the length of the boat outside on the
bottom of the boat so there's a that
noise all the way from the front to the
end of the book that you hear in the
bottom of the boat
yeah I I'll explain it to whoever's a
wake until he hears think of the bottom
of the ship a small a child but the
thought that runs along the bottom of
I did act as what that is that's what I
heard that's why if you are above decks
I heard that too
you hear a horrible grinding noise and
the you hear like there's a there's a a
just a like like grinding metal and
something grinding to a halt and and
then everybody will notice the boat
shudders oh I have a horrible idea those
of you who are on the deck there is
immediate concern among the sailors and
the someone steps out of the bridge and
starts yelling in Japanese at the
sailors on the deck and they start
running around seeming to run towards
the back of the ship
can I start looking for a significant
length of rope and start cutting for
Joan on the Jonas under is down shouting
see Emma and yes there is like for you
like there is there like big rope that
is like used to tie this ship to the
docks you can easily pick up and use as
normal rope all right okay all right do
I know I'm gonna run if you yell to me
I'll run downstairs and I'm getting
everybody because we're getting off this
boat Emma's gonna head down yeah we're
getting off this boat we're getting off
this boat I might as well get the
Duchess in just a panel and we just
gotta go people all right so you're
heading down there Joan you heard that
noise and then the boat shudders so
everybody down there except the Duchess
who is laying on the bunk seemingly
asleep
is that design does that include the
translator who is onboard with us
oh yeah your dad your your your your
translator is in this room as well okay
could cuz he couldn't hear the yelling
or anything like that okay I'm gonna
go up and see what's going on guys you
guys stay and watch them please I'll
stay
thank you so Donald Alexandre all right
so Joan you'll run into Emma as she is
coming down
Flint what are you do
there are about a dozen sailors have now
run to the back of the boat you can you
can see straight to the back of the boat
from where you are I'm looking over ya
rear of the ship I'm tying the rope
around me and I'm whatever difference
where Joan would come up I'm waiting for
her okay all right yeah you have you
have tied this massive rope around you
and so Joan and Emma you run into each
other on the stairs yep jump Flinx
looking for you I'm gonna get everybody
else let's get out of here look we got
tsunamis gonna watch the people
downstairs no we're leaving
we can't leave I'm gonna flip the boat
has stopped were sitting ducks we've
gotta get out of here
I'm gonna go help Flint okay so I can -
so basically yeah keep going
I didn't I didn't I didn't make my
persuade check at this point yeah I'm
sorry you both hear the voice in your
heads of Sarov repent Hugh and and he
says
did you think I didn't know you were
coming I think of every Jersey episode I
can think you o'clock in so vulgar
listen I don't want to kill you I just
want to delay you so I would suggest
that in about 20 minutes you look off
the left side of the ship okay and then
we're waiting all of us it's very hard
to laughs evilly disembodied but just
work with me here and about that little
gift that you sent me I don't know what
your pan already and then he's gone all
right and you're both aware that the
other heard that mm-hmm
we're on the on the end of the stairs
basically looking at each other Emma
here all the colorful language as well
oh so you two down in the in the thing
you hear the Duchess moan she's sick she
kept me seasick she's been on boats her
entire bloody life but what's wrong with
her
I'm gonna go over and if I think she's
still sleeping just like very carefully
lower my wrist just above her forehead
not touching her exactly but see it was
getting closer to see if I can feel heat
radiating off of her if there's a fever
or something there is a burning heat
rating at radiating off a book what is
it she has some sort of fever I think at
that point she like dry heaves back up a
step and and she's like and her eyes
come open and her eyes are milky white
and she vomits out an egg like a normal
sized egg room like it's the size of a
regular egg it is slimy and kind of
translucent and it just goes plop into
her decolletage and then she's back down
unconscious I'm gonna reach into my
pocket and pull out a handkerchief and
like very carefully reach into her
decolletage to try and pull that out
without touching it with my skin I
really want to title the next episode
very carefully reach into her
decolletage who knows what we'd show up
on y'all know follow your heart we're
gonna bucket or some sort of large deep
pan yeah you're you're in the galley so
that's easy to find bring that over to
Alexandre do I need to roll anything to
like fish it out or do I am able to find
it although I'm trying to figure out how
to spell decolletage so make me a make
me a spot hidden role Alexandre
didn't you say alright 47 out of 63
alright yeah you you reach in there and
it is a it's very warm it's a little
humid it is not your favorite place in
the world but you you come out with a
small egg I'm like well covered in like
a little bit of slime what do I get to
the scene that's all I wanna know I see
open the door as Alexandre pull your
hand out of the Duchess's gown and is
holding an egg here's a bucket and just
like doesn't carefully dump it into the
pan and then look at it okay the egg is
now in the bucket it's rich people what
are you gonna do hi Emma she just threw
this up Oh spider egg I go and try and
shove my foot in the bucket and squish
it nice alright is that what it looks
like a spider egg like a salmon oh it
looks like it looks like an egg
gross - Emma this is like this is Hotel
fire number three
yep Emma walks up smacks the pan out
of your hand just just she crunches
on the egg and as she crunches down
take that pen hue noise or Stanford or
whatever your name is
and the three of you when she does that
can make me a house Alana was coming
back man is an egg what kind of a role
in remaking Ezra he'll make me an
intelligence role all three of you are
we gonna were we gonna hatch baby
Silvano
so those of you that made the role as
Emma like crunches down on that thing in
your head you're like didn't the Duchess
throw up already once
oh well sublimino is on his way back
look flourish a bit there might be
another one what else did she throw out
sink sink sink look in the sink yeah you
have a little thought that suggests yeah
yeah I pick up the frying pan and I'm
just looking around like where's the
next one go periods of the same alright
you peer into the sink and you see a
broken egg shell next to the drain and
you see like slime that went down the
drain oh it's already on the boat that
is that what we heard that scrambling
sound Kuby I know I'm going to regret
asking this does does the Duchess's
abdomen or stomach look distended at all
like she has more than she usually does
how would you tell there are still lumps
even mean is it doing this is it is it
fighting to get out I mean our youth um
are you I don't even know who I am and
the woman that I mean she is distended
by nature well right but I'm used to the
way that she's normally shaped I've seen
her a lot of time you sting no place in
that sentence make a medicine rule right
yeah I'll accept the medicine rule Hass
this is not Doyle son yeah it is
she doesn't seem any more rotund
corpulent then you in previous journeys
maybe we should throw her overboard just
to be safe I mean if there was something
that was in that egg show it's too late
but you just said she threw up another
one how many more do you think that are
gonna come out
next question is I'm like I've got my
frying pan by her face but is ready just
ready to swing if you smash your face in
I will I will I will pop you some
champagne I hope in D&amp;D terms I hold my
action for an egg to pop out of her
mouth before I release my action and
hitting her with a frying pan action
does not even try to break the egg
you're just gonna hit her yeah I just
smacked the whole situation don't you
get up on deck and you see Flint
standing there with a rope that's about
this thick tied around his his waist can
you can you cast that spell again I'm
gonna go down Oh
the breathing spell yes ah okay this is
not standing okay and let's are we let's
let's move to the back yeah
all right so there are a number of
alarmed sailors at the back who are like
even more alarmed when a gorilla with
rope tied around its waist they're used
to me by now
and they will give you they will they
will clear out they they say some things
that seem like warnings in Japanese to
you yeah yeah this is the water does it
look like the blades are spinning right
now it's not then I'm gonna look for a
place to tie off that rope so yeah there
is you know the railing there's a
railing all the way around the ship that
you can do in awesome so yeah you you
you get you get that tied off and Joan
you're gonna cast the spell yep all
right
make me a pal roll onion inspiration oh
yeah speaking of which we can use a
500-foot muffin age for guerrilla power
and then we'll use the 500 from Luna
Yeti 321 so we'll use that one all right
buffing agent well awesome there were
three hundred and eleven other lonely
yetis they said I got Heather and then
they just be yetis I got 54 out of 55
there you go
no you're gonna lose six magic points
okay hand and flip you can you can
breathe water I'm gonna put my hunting
knife in my teeth now I'm gonna dive off
the back of the boat all right
uh you know you those of you below decks
will for the rest of your days regret
the fact that you did not get to see a
gorilla do a swan dive into the ocean
off of a destroyer it is it's something
that these sailors will talk about in
their short lives so he you dive
beautifully into the ocean
and we'll get to you in a minute back
down in the end the thing the the when
the boat shuddered your translator had
just like started like when when Emma
said we're getting off the boat he just
started to like shovel all of his papers
into a satchel but now that people are
kind of hanging around he's sort of like
are we staying oh yeah sorry the boat
stopped Flint doing something weird with
rope he needs Joan I don't know what's
happening I think it's time to get off
this boat that's quite a sentence I
don't know what's happening he needs
Joan but I don't know it's that's the
Rope he needs Joan and where exactly do
you think we can go if we're not safe on
a destroyer made of tons of metal
literally everywhere else is going to be
death is there something in the water
I'm not
I'm sure there is I mean something
stopped this boat I mean we heard
screeching and then the entire boat came
to a stop
I suspect that wasn't the captain
because he came running out yelling
orders and everybody's just free you
know everybody's just running around
upstairs right now
her topside do it was was it was it a
round when did it did we hear the
grinding noises after the the Duchess
threw up yes so it would be reasonable
to assume that whatever she threw up is
the reason for this after seeing the
hatch tag in the sink I challenge your
use of the word reasonable but feel the
reasonable it's it's certainly plausible
there we go
what's the opposite of Occam's razor
cthulhu razor welcomes hammer Thor's
hammer grabthar's hammer
Occam's beard there we go has it been
20 minutes yet no offense since this
is hell okay I'm trying to keep track of
time
well I like to poke around at the
squished object that wasn't one's an egg
okay sense of what it might have been
okay yeah all right make me a sanity
roll that's a failure 69 all right
you're gonna lose to sanity as in this
egg is a tiny now very crushed
apparently human skeleton there's no
there's no body or anything it's just a
tiny little human skeleton thank God
it's not an adorable puppy cuz if I had
to go down there and fight adorable pup
I lose for a kitten gorillas are weak
against kittens we all know it yeah
what is it Donal it's it looks
vaguely human make me the cop that can't
be it
it should murder a reptile but it
doesn't appear to be that and I don't
know what this is do we need to just
turn this boat around
honestly I'm beginning to wonder very
much the same so we'll flash back up to
the top actually to the ocean so Flint
you dive into the ocean normally there
would be a massive wake that would make
it impossible to see but the the ocean
the ocean is quite calm and the reason
is that it looks like the the propeller
of a of this massive ship has been
gummed up with some sort of slime okay
do I see I'm not gonna touch it yet
you know what I'll try and cut it with
the knife I'll try and get close to it
do I see anything else though that could
be a spot hidden role with a
disadvantage die with with what they
will-they disadvantaged I was already
gonna fumble it so oh good ah that could
have been much better if not for that
no no you've got plenty of inspiration
you'llyou'll reroll everything again I'm
not be rolling with this advantage
because that just invites fumbles this
is my swim home money okay I thought
that was your paddle home either way
you'd much rather paddle home than swim
home so yeah you
you don't see anything around and you
come up and you put a knife into this
thing and it's like it's like yes I'm
not just like stabbing it in I'm kind of
like I if this is gummed up a propeller
I'm assuming it's very sticky so I'm not
just like sticking the knife and too
loose behind this propeller is the size
of you mm-hmm you know this is a massive
propeller so this is not like you know a
little bit of this goop this is you know
cubic feet of whatever this is but all
I'm saying is I'm not trying to just jam
my knife and cut it off I'm testing what
this goop is so it seems to have a
little bit of the consistency of silly
putty but slightly more malleable so
it's kind of like kind of like either
it's it's thicker jello it's jello where
like your knife feels resistance when it
like comes to it okay do can I try
cutting a little bit at it just to see
if it looks like it cuts it does but
there is definitely resistance all right
oh it's not going in it feels like it
doesn't go in you know you stab some
people in your time it's not it's harder
than stabbing a person animals
I don't stab people oh my god that's me
[Laughter]
all right
Oh II just came home and shout to Joan
to tell taro to make sure the engines
are off and there's there's goop I'm
gonna try and cut it off you come
back up and the sailors are just like
wow they're astounded by what I can't I
all right so yeah you you asked Joan to
go talk to taro all right I'm also
keeping track of time sure you you feel
like about five minutes and I'm gonna
all dive back down
to that and start skipping away okay
we're gonna go back into the the
downstairs they're about a minute after
Donnell is like talking about what's in
that thing the Duchess dry heaves again
I'm gonna grab the pan and like hold it
up to try and catch this I've got the
pan you've got to take you got to make a
strength take kittens can't away from me
because I've readied an action to smack
her in the face as soon as that thing
hits her mouth are you banging that ball
of whatever comes out of her mouth pink
so you know I mean I'll tell you now I
went into her cleavage which means it
goes more down than out oh wait you're
are you waiting until it's out of her
mouth just to crush the egg or a you
like trying to make her like swallow it
again early whichever I mean I might in
my in Emma's head somehow again it's all
very cinematic and in a theoretical
sense that like it merges out and it
would be someplace in this space where I
can be like BAM and like crack it right
on her face what's in the sin I don't
know maybe 40 oh how she started much
higher yeah wasn't yeah I started it
like almost 70 so yeah you can so as
soon as the egg hits her lips so I must
I'm gonna make you an offer you boy you
can not have any sort of roll this will
work no problem you will whack the
Duchess in the face with a frying pan
but the egg will be taken care of or you
can make a we'll call it a fight roll uh
to try and not damage the Duchess as you
do this but if you fail who knows what
happens yeah sometimes you got to
make omelettes so you're just gonna
clock the Duchess alright make me a
sandwich
roll God birds-of-paradise
not a 76 Oh inspiration does that for 49
you can inspire that
yeah what's inspired that Bend all your
luck yeah or alternatively I mean I
could try again God these dice are
terrible little straight you you take
those words out of your mouth 47 I made
it yeah alright so up you're
surprisingly okay with clocking the
[Laughter]
the duchess is not my favorite twitch
user fairness is my friend i will not
have a word set against the bareness all
right you you deal a glancing blow to
the the dental work of the duchess there
is an awful noise as she appears to
swallow the egg and she lies back down
this again and unconscious alright I
think I got this guy's I'm like I take a
batter stands I'm like I'm ready for the
next one I don't think I can do this all
day in context that might be my favorite
quote of the game is so far was that
yeah it was coming up and I just smacked
it straight back in what what happened
to us I don't know it's probably back in
I'm sure she'll try and like throw it
back up again in a couple minutes and
I'll just get it again those things do
you think she has I don't know I mean
again we gotta just throw her overboard
there's no end to this until we toss her
overboard I'm
genuinely starting to agree keep my 40
my 40 sanity is finally making sense to
somebody I don't care because I can't
sit here all day and all night unless we
take shifts and we just keep killing
eggs that coming out comes out of this
lady at some point the egg doesn't come
out does it hatched inside of her I mean
I don't know much about biology but how
do you hatch something in your stomach I
know that's not how babies remain this
is what I do now has anyone had to talk
with you yeah kind of I mean but I don't
think like you just throw a baby up out
of your stomach no no that's not at all
I'm serious how many people are staying
below deck after that you're making the
birds
Andreea of the burbs the the mother of
birds-of-paradise
gives me one inspiration because I rep
the dice I defended them from in Lander
Freya darling look at the cardigan the
code is chaotic at birds-of-paradise the
best not helping a GM is not he doesn't
need the help he's got your dummy's will
ever roll I guarantee it or someone else
will give you your money back probably
not true don't all right so we leave
downstairs as Emma is just perched over
the Duchess ready to bang her in the
mouth with a frying pan braising
uh I do have a question is Rupert still
down here with us yeah when you hit the
when you hit the Duchess yes if he can
try ha ha ha I was like you can when I
get tired it's your turn Rupert's when
you see that thing come onto her lips
just a bit less a fan of this action and
you know like so are we going or not
going should I go back to work go back
to work fellas it's fine he starts like
pulling papers out of the satchel again
it Rupert's did something happened to
this large woman while you were out at
sea I beg your pardon why should the I
didn't touch her man did you see pearls
but I didn't take the pearl if you know
what I mean I genuinely do not care one
way or the or the other did anything
weird happen out at sea
something that might make that something
that might cause her to be throwing up
eggs no God if she had I'd have had an
omelet I'm really great we were starving
on that thing
what boat was that we were on a it was a
cruise ship we were taking a cruise from
Bombay to Macau what's the story with
these pearls Rupert's no they're actual
pearls he he'll like he'll go into his
pocket and he pulls out a a beautiful
string of pearls III know pearls do they
look like they armed there are 100% like
very expensive pearls there's a gold
clasp
there's no yep I I would have worn
something like that on stage were there
some fake pearls you mentioned something
about well she's wearing the other said
is she still where are those yeah okay
I'm sorry are those pearls missing or
something I mean you can check the folds
on the back but I mean look I'm not
gonna go there that's fun I am can I
touch the pearls once do I feel or hear
anything
they are fake pearls they are a very a
very nice strand of okay we have to
figure out how well I mean we don't have
to figure out but somehow pen hue is in
the fat lady
why how is pen hue involved do you know
oh sorry he told me that he was gonna
delay the ship by a day I forgot to tell
you that forgot Sark's started skipped
over that detail in between walk-in
spider eggs flying forth from a lady in
a frying pan I don't know just weird
things have happened screeching noises
halting gorillas and ropes just details
sometimes escape me or did what exactly
did he say
right well Joan actually had way more to
say which was far more entertaining but
essentially he said that he'll be
waiting for us and that he needs another
day and so I suspect that he's giving us
fun things to play with for another day
which is why we just need to throw her
overboard turn the boat around
get out of here where are we going as
soon as you say where are we going an
alarm siren starts to sound on the boat
we'll go back to next alarm siren is not
sounded yet Joan you are running to the
bridge there's a very confused ensign
whose job it is to not let people on the
bridge that you just blow by and taro is
on the bridge talking very heatedly with
the captain in in Japanese obviously
yeah it's so taro taro I know I know he
says something to the captain he comes
out the ship yeah yes the ship has
stopped
we are aware right my guys down there
right now there's some goo around the
the
the propeller and he wants to try to cut
it off so can you make sure that the
propeller everything has stopped all the
engines are stopped so he doesn't get
hurt when he tries to undo it what what
is goo oh it's it's like tofu
it's stuck around it is something sticky
around it to make it so it can't spin so
you wish us to stop all engines stop all
engines so we can clear it out and then
you could start again he goes to the
commander and he says something and the
commander looks at him and is like and
it's clearly not a fan of the idea um
we're not moving in any way so and
then but then taro taro seems to pull
rank and so the captain gives an order
and you hear the the sort of the
incipient engine noise that exists
constantly that you've kind of gotten
used to is gone I get it
it quiets down you notice Flint when
you go back down that about after about
30 seconds of sort of examination the
the the slime whatever it is kind of
stops vibrating mm all right hockey
hockey all right so you're gonna start
cutting away at that all right I'm
watching I'm watching 20 minutes yeah
it is 20 minutes and you hear from the
other side of the ship so the bridge has
a gantry way all the way around you hear
someone on the other side of the ship
yell into the bridge in Japanese he
yells something with a hint of hysteria
to his voice and the captain immediately
yells something and a warning klaxon run
out gonna run out to that guy so I can
see what's he seem okay so you run
over to that side and
you know you've seen a lot of things in
your life you have never seen a tidal
wave before there is a massive black
like this is not ocean water huge wave
just roaring towards the ship oh we got
to get downstairs and the the sailors
are starting to lash everything they can
on the decks it's it's it's chaos all
right there are there are three guys who
are just running around yelling at
sailors off the bridge trying to get
stuff going so what are you doing all
right I'm gonna run to where my buddy
is with the rope all right and I'm gonna
kick just start kicking the rope so he
gets that wiggle make me a constitution
rule yeah yeah you're getting a lot of
cardio in here as you oh I got a hard 21
nice you you know you it's no problem
you have you have run the length of this
boat now several times you you run to
the edge of the boat and you start
kicking the rope all right
downstairs you hear the klaxon and you
hear pandemonium outside out in the
halls I'm so Don Donnell and Emma are
pretty busy like focused on the Dutchess
at the moment I'm gonna go and like lean
to see what to see if I can figure out
what's going on without getting my head
taken off by a sailor running past all
right so as you start to lean out
someone is slamming your door shut you
see like sailors they are closing every
door in the hallway a guy he just yells
at you in Japanese and like kicks it if
you try and stop him he like kicks at
you as he's like closing the door I'm
gonna be honest I'm gonna back up a step
because
I don't know what he's saying but I also
don't know ships alright so the door
slams and you you hear it like it's
being sealed like the the spin to like
pressure lock it is happening and that's
happening you hear good thumb good some
like doors all the way down the hall are
being closed maybe they found the other
don't I don't know why I don't know
what's going on but they're sealing all
of the doors down here grab ahold of
something who knows it's there the hot
Rupert looks up are we trapped in here
yes yes I'm gonna make a sandwich for
Rupert after you say it that way he's
surprisingly okay with that I'm gonna go
find something solid to hold on to just
in case so all of the the the to the the
the three tables in this room have been
turned into beds basically but they are
bolted to the floor mm-hmm I'm gonna sit
on one of them and just like hold onto
the edge and if I feel things start to
move I'm gonna readjust okay
Donal what are you doing or the or the
book that's also bolted of those movable
so the boat the bunk beds are not they
are they were brought in there's wall
structures there's two bunk beds and
then the three tables have been made
into beds okay
so part of the superstructure in the
wall where the iron beams are all those
burns against some of those okay yep and
the Duchess is on one she's on she's on
the table bed yes okay so I'll just like
grab grab around the leg of one of those
also the half gave us 500 bits for
blaspheming the dice nice wait a minute
nice that's for me I appreciate it a
half in his chaotic neutral self if
there's the evil moderator so all right
so that's what's happening down there
you're all bracing yourselves Flint make
me
make me a luck roll no all right I
rolled the dice for you I I tempted the
roll
re-roll bet what's your luck wits
flintlock honey it's I know I know
Silvano's is bad but I don't remember
Flint's lip can't be killed by this too
much I'm immortal that's hair so yeah
I just like the idea of Flint swimming
up me like what's going on boom
so you you don't notice ace there's a
small movement in the rope but you don't
notice it because you're too busy like
slicing but am I able to tell cuz sound
still somewhat travels underwater did I
hear a bit
you actually hear like rah rah there's
like some noise coming off the boat and
the the engine has clearly stopped like
the motor has clearly stopped yeah can i
punt at least hearing the alarm swim-up
sure yeah
alright and that's when the tidal wave
will hit so you Flint you break the
water but it's just this horrible black
color smashes down on the ship Oh Jersey
expletive okay that might be your ex
although I think we are we used
hold onto that rope and the railing and
nope
should I read role guys or what might
want to use some inspiration on that I
think this would be the time to not be
lost at sea in a wave of what is clearly
not water I can't even do enough luck to
fix it all right so you were holding on
for dear life to the to the the railing
where the rope was but this wave just
hammers you and you your hands are torn
off of the railing and you slide all the
way across the boat and over the edge of
the boat you are not the only person
this happens to a number of sailors also
find themselves pouring over there is
there are screams and chaos and and and
horrible things the ship is you know is
listing with the force of the wave
hitting it everybody below deck make me
a let's call it a decks roll Emma
because of the the Duchess's potential
bludgeoning damage you have a
disadvantage died to this role okay
critical success in aught-six
nice burn success nice I miss but it's
not a fumble or anything are you okay
with missing I think so I take
bludgeoning damage you have agency here
Emma
my question is by rolling well here's
the thing if I say no then I use my
other dice right you're gonna re-roll
everything I still have the disadvantage
just inviting fumbling that's what I'm
saying I was like if I couldn't take my
other dice then huh couldn't take them
first of all um
yeah I mean I've got one hand in a
frying pan it's reasonable that I
wouldn't make it alright you take four
points of damage as you were in gull and
golden by the Duchess the Duchess like
flips over the bed that she was on and
just flops right on top of you I want
her to be spinning in slow motion and an
egg to pop out hahahahaha ah damn you
I love it so I'm sorry I'm evil I'm
sorry did your cinematic he rolls uh
Rupert fumbles his roll there's a
sickening crunch as Rupert is upended
and his neck his head hits a bulkhead
and there's like a crunch sound oh the
translator
oh I'll use I'll use I'll use
inspiration for him okay would you like
to use some inspiration I use one of my
inspiration for the air I want him to
survive all right there he goes he ooh
he survives but he takes a lot of damage
for him did not enjoy that at all but
I'm able to like hold on and I cried
this from witness way about you you and
Donnell have no prob all Don so let's
so Flint you crest and the wave
smashes down on you and for for the
second time in your short immortal life
you feel like your neck and many of your
bones being broken by just this the
concrete wall of this wave smashing onto
your head you are driven down into the
the ocean
or with like alarming force the roofs
not that long and and you you are now
you know the Rope sort of starts to pull
you up and again you feel your body like
knitting back together slowly but surely
this time you're not drowning which is a
bonus make a spot hidden rule don't
lightly decline to succeed on that all
right Joan may or may not have just
switched by you and Joan so you have
been pulled underwater by the undertow
of this tidal wave and you are you are
scrabbling make me a con roll yes just
what is your con 45 okay so I'm gonna
add four to this die you have that many
grounds to get back up to the surface
I'm not gonna tell you how many but you
know it's at least four four okay so
make me a swim roll I told you we had to
save these for these somebody's got a
swim home roll
no you weren't completely right I got a
zero three zero say yeah outstanding
that's northern Farge that's more that's
ultimate so you multi minutes swimming
up you can see like a light kind of up
there and you are swimming towards it or
aligned and but cut with with a critical
success
I'm not going to decrement the die so
I just missed it I can do a couple luck
you could or you have inspiration
yeah but I'm so close why schools or
spending look I did 29 with a level 29
out of 27 I'm gonna take the two luck
all right you spent you luck what cuz
so you you yeah you you have made
more progress towards the surface
um make me another swim role how soon
until I'm back together longer than I'd
want this one I did not make all right
so you are so wait what is that you are
trying to swim up oh wait yeah you could
use inspiration if you want do you want
me to do that how much do we have a lot
no my food four six eight ten we've got
like 12 left oh yeah all right okay okay
don't fumble though I did not this time
I got a no for very nice so that will
so you almost you start to swim up and
like a crate from the ship is like
blowing past you and you just man you
see it in time and get out of the way
and you swim up and you feel like you
are very close to the surface so make me
one more swim role hopefully just one
more for your sake six I did not make
that one okay do you want to use
inspiration again or do you want to is
the ritual require words yes I can't
round a death so I'm like yeah no do
you guys think one more how close are we
or how close are you
well four roles I know at least
there's at least four roles so I'm
almost this is the last one maybe he
rolled something other than that I mean
we've got if we got we got eleven now I
say go for it
yeah okay all right okay
I fumbled go oh my okay
wear a sailor hits you okay so Jersey
expletives alright so you are you are
really close to the surface and and um
you think you know you're getting there
and from below you a sailor just grabs
your leg and like pulls you down to push
himself up he's just like nope I'm
getting out of here and he's he like
drags you down and as he does this you
kind of Worth and you take in a little
water so you feel like you should
you should make this next role so make
me a swim role I did not make this role
guys
you know there go again yeah and it's
either yeah do or die
maybe not die well yeah you know any no
I would say do alright so not close
enough you you could make a grapple role
so you will take four points of damage
as you are starting to take on water and
am i back together and can I start
looking for a Joan I mean you don't
really know that you need to be looking
for Joan
well there was a giant tidal wave and I
don't think she was tied down to
anything yeah sure you can start looking
for her your your mostly back together
regular success alright yeah there are a
number of there's a number of figures
way up there so you can start swimming
towards them okay yeah you
start just going towards them I won't
meet I won't need any roles and as you
said you can't drown all right Joan make
me a swim role so clothes 28 okay I'm
gonna take another look all right I need
it so you you break the surface and you
inhale just the the error has
never tasted better and as you inhale
you start to look around for the ship
and there's a panicked second where you
don't see it but then it is that that
that ship is really far away you have no
idea why that ship is that far away you
were you must have been thrown a great
distance like and and the ship is not
moving and okay at that point a flint
comes up behind you you see a wet
gorilla break the surface it you're here
oh dude that was oh I thought I was done
I thought I was done pretty yeah we're
out here this is a did you you didn't
die though right oh that hit me no I'm
well done well done
so you actually hit you I just got
pushed off the boat I guess I came up at
just the right time yeah I was trying to
get your attention
cuz I'm still do please I'm just trying
to get your attention so we could
because we could see this coming so what
should we actually doggy paddle back uh
so you'll make it back to the boat I'm
hanging on to his fur John make me a con
roll
okay
I missed by one I'm really thinking
about pushing my luck because I need
this I love it you use luck we use it
remember I didn't make my luck roll so
no pushing your luck is different than
spending luck oh yeah good luck so so
here's what we're checking here Joan and
you can tell me how you would push you
up yeah we're checking to see if the
water and corruption and gross miss that
you just brought into your lungs is
gonna have any sort of long-term effect
on you okay so you know maybe this
pushing your luck is representing you
know a an excellent vomit when you're a
yes we spit out a bunch of sea water and
stuff like that so all right with the
push your luck make a roll and don't
don't fumble our Flint's get knit this
is a swim roll right no no this is a con
whoa okay then I'm good then I'm Way
good I got I got my swim roll 27 though
you will temporarily you lose eight
points of con okay as you have an ugly
coughed and salt water in the lungs so
belowdecks the ship writes itself the
the Duchess is laying on the ground
moaning Rupert is kind of gasping
there's like a sort of weird heaving
noise and the translator is just
saying owl a lot as he's under a pile of
papers I'll take a look at Rupert then
I'll go see how he's okay the translator
all right so yeah you can make a first
aid roll you get to Rupert and he is
struggling to breathe it looks like his
all right you give the translator oh wow
that was very good first aid the
translator give yeah Rupert is like
struggling to breathe like like gasping
for air I rolled a 95 on my first aid
which is not example but you all
finished like there's a baker in the
hole there's a very dark moment where
Donald's just like I should put him out
of his misery
and then you're like I can't do that uh
that's exactly where Alexandria's head
way but but so you are faced with the
horror of this man's neck at this
horrible angle and with that roll make
me a and and the minute where you're
like you know maybe it's better off to
kill him make me a Sandra laz you
45 success you're surprisingly okay with
that wouldn't be the first time
yeah the first time so I mean first
aid is not gonna cut it for Rupert can
we get some help from him he's he can't
breathe is there anything we can do it
he's something's wrong with his throat
he's got help you can try and make a
medicine roll to see what could possibly
help him 1% chance roll on man roll it
be yeah you never know forty or just
spend a lot of luck no all right yeah
you
I mean you break necks you don't know
how to fix broken necks I'm I'm gonna go
check on Emma in the midst of all of
this cuz they translate it was the what
I was more immediately concerned about
it and now I know Emma's hurt emma has
has managed to crest from under the
Duchess and his is there and
the Duchess is still in her fever she
seems to be just lying there I mean I'm
not going to try to put her back on the
bed that seems like a fool's errand and
I wasn't raised much of the fool yeah
yeah Wow
fool's errand run all over it how are
you doing not great lady seems to
have busted me up a little bit can I do
a first date on her yes cool
oh yeah 13 oh nice that's hard success
are two ghosts Emma you get three points
back okay ladies can any of you help I
can't help him you should have a
translator call from mr. translator can
you can we pound on the door and call
for medics oh I don't know I mean well
detective oh goodness
there's there's no one down here who
would hear us who isn't Dharma also
trapped inside of a hole like this I'm
gonna come over and have a look with
with Donna like crouched down next next
to Rupert it is a terrifying sight his
eyes are wide he is not moving any of
his extremities he is aware of the fact
that cannot move and that he is super
struggling to breathe I think it was
Nick he's terrified he is yeah the
I'm gonna pound I'm gonna pound on the
door doesn't isn't there some sort of
international help code or something
like and that's exactly what Emma thinks
isn't there hush don't like them I mean
you could open the door you're not like
locked in oh I thought so yeah you have
a you have a also open it on your side
okay let's open the door
one way doors are a really bad idea on a
ship be careful we don't know the
situation of the hallways yeah I've got
my frying pan you opened the door and it
is clear that they did not get me up the
the the external doors closed in time
there is about ankle to shin deep water
that when you open the door starts to
come over a little bit the lip of this
of this door and there are you know
there are bodies all over the place
there you know people who are just
starting to get up but there are people
who will not get up this whole thing is
a mess yeah that's certainly I'm gonna
look around I don't know what sort of
thing in a galley would be big enough to
use is basically like a backboard to try
to try to get this guy onto a backboard
and move him somewhere where he could
get attention I mean in the back of
Alexandra is mine it's like it's there's
nothing we can do for him out here he's
going to die all we're doing is
prolonging this but she also recognizes
that other people aren't going to agree
with her so you yeah you find like you
jury-rig something out of cutting boards
sure oh yeah a good sized cut a good
sized cutting board would do it yeah to
get him you know he's still breathing is
like a major pain right now like he is
struggling every breath he is scared and
like his eyes are like twitching like
they're blinking a lot they're like
constantly
looking around he can't turn his head so
he's just like looking around and
everyone said he'll make a little like
huh noise yeah so I don't I don't want
to move his his neck but I do want to
secure his head down to the backboard as
best as possible so to keep it from
breaking any further sorry this is
Gianna the medic coming through
make me a first aid role let's see her
let's see if Alexandra the medic comes
through my first day this is prising Lee
hi
0:06 yeah yeah you you paid attention in
in back in neck injury a week in the in
your first aid class so yeah you you are
trying to like Mobile immobilize his
head and get that taken care of
that that seems to be working fine up
Flint and Joan you swim back to the ship
and some bedraggled sailors have like
dropped there's a there's a ladder over
the side that men are that that men are
climbing up and you are able to climb up
um let me put in that climb to use yeah
you have no problem you can probably
clamber up the side of the ship and
you're just holding on to me right I'm
holdin on I'm holdin on to Flint
alright that's awesome yeah you both you
both make it up let's see how and
you look around the the deck of the ship
has been ravaged my hammock your hammock
is gone like basically everything that
was on the deck is gone like all of the
extra supplies a bunch of a bunch of
stuff that was up there things that had
been moved up here because they were
using that space to hold men a bunch of
men are gone it's it's this is a this is
a disaster scene this ship has has been
hammered the bridge was was hit hard
there you see a couple of the pains and
the windows have been cracked one of
them is one of them is like knocked out
there's like a
window now there I'm not even gonna
ask about the rifle that I worked on
taking the guard off that was near my
hammock not even gonna gonna you know
then the other was the ship to the rest
of the ship portion or ship belongs to
Davy Jones [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
the fishy Peter will have it now we
should see if we can get downstairs and
see how the crew yeah our crew and at
that point Emma and Joan you both here
again Penn Hugh he says there's more
where that came from tomorrow I'll see
you then and that's when we're gonna go
to break so we will be back just as soon
[Music]
you
welcome back Internet friends if you're
just joining us we had a tidal wave hit
a destroyer as one does some people died
some things were said some eggs came out
of large women's mouths you know it's a
Saturday it's a good Saturday so there
is a sort of a montage of kind of
regrouping scenes as the the the ship's
doctor will take poor Rupert and try and
help him but it's not gonna go you
know just not gonna go well for Rupert
they the ship has been ravaged there is
they've set up a triage on deck the
engine is still not running the the
bridge is shattered everywhere you look
there are everything has been like
thrown off you know in in your in the
room you were in the galley like all the
pots and pans have gone everywhere there
are you know some number of the crew are
dead or missing they're still trying to
figure that out there is a constant
alarm sound that's going off as they try
and get the ship back up to snuff the
captain is outside of the bridge just
yelling at people
oh I never I never rolled four taro taro
wouldn't be hurt by anything like this
now to petting and and the Duchess seems
to make a sudden recovery and her fever
is gone and she is not she has not
vomited any eggs that you have seen and
she does wonder why she has a bruise on
the side of her face missing on a total
of yeah um
and she keeps asking where Rupert is
fellow about whoo that was a tidal wave
right in all my years of ocean voyages
the boat was torn apart we must have hit
something a reef reef tore the boat
apart
Flopsy now something we hit something
and then a wave came and here we are now
I mean go get on a boat again are you
still up my back
when we get down to the room Alki will
come down off your back but I'm still
like standing next to you you know I
mean it's able to get down to the rooms
I thought the the causeways were too
small it's cramped I think I think I
just didn't want to be down there right
you didn't want to sleep down there but
he has to like sidle in everything so I
couldn't stay on his back while he came
here no that would have not been fun
that would have not been fun but I'm
still always like right there yeah yeah
yes and you all noticed that Joan is
like waterlogged this is the proverbial
sad wet dog even sadder is the sad wet
gorilla next to her well I'm gonna if
you are all okay I'm gonna go back up
and try and help look for any survivors
yeah I I think I'm gonna go up and see
if I can help with first date or
anything
how did you do with the with the with
the propeller yeah coz I think that's
more important because Penn he said that
he's gonna send another tidal wave
tomorrow or something tomorrow he said
something I mean I'm sure no sweetie
ways would not duplicate the same tidal
wave because oh how and then I'm trying
to think of like a British fancy word
like how
I'd roll yeah how very gauche pedestrian
whoo how do Sh only a common pleb would
use a tidal wave twice exactly it was
redundant the second tidal waves just
yeah I'm gonna go up to that to the deck
and help with all right your help is
much appreciated
and and yeah Flint you helped like fish
people out of the water you you help try
and get what supplies that are still
floating above water as Andrea yeah you
you will help with first aid that's
great both of you for helping we'll get
back to sanity oh yes no idea how much I
need that yeah the boat is still unable
to move you hear every once in a while
you hear the engines start back up oh
well well I can I can go to taro and
tell him what the status of the
propellers are and I can I'll just do
dives and try and chip away at it and
come back up
after I've helped with fishing people
out okay are you you're gonna need
Joan to cast the ritual again well not
if I'm just doing passes at it right
I go down through okay yeah sure the
spell was more for if there was
something down there I was gonna so I'm
gonna make you an offer you can do that
way and it will take longer yeah ritual
you know you can do it much faster I
mean all it depends on how things are
and how Joan is feeling yeah it's not
feeling great well then then let's let
Joan rest okay so night falls on the
ship and I set up hammock number two and
I start working on rifle number two so
you you spend several hours just hacking
through this hacking through this stuff
and every once in a while you know
you'll stay down a little longer just
because you know you can't drown
but you really don't like the feeling of
you know not drowning it is not a fun
feeling and I'm assuming too that if I
think I can get one kind of close I'll
come back up have them check the engines
to see if they can get it turning if
they could just rip it off or not it's
so far that has not been the case okay
at night you see the Navigator is trying
to like figure out exactly where you are
he's got his sextant out and he's like
working on working on that so the three
that aren't helping are you just staying
down in the room is that I do want to
try and go talk to taro taro okay I'm
gonna I'm gonna see talk to the
translator guy and cuz I need something
for my brain to do so my body won't just
okay about he's he's happy you know
someone talking to him because he's a
little freaked out about all this
Emma you you find car oh he's very busy
he's on the bridge like trying to keep
the captain from scuttling his whole
mission well almost
we've got some problems you think that
was bad
he knows penny right or at least he
knows he knows he doesn't know yeah yeah
because the snake it got attacked by
Peggy and you yeah I'm like Penn who had
basically said that he's gonna do this
again that tidal wave and all that
destruction was him you know I think it
has a lot to do with the fact that we
took that lady on board you know she was
just she was burning a high fever and
she was throwing up these eggs and the
eggs were little skeletons and one
escaped one is free on the ship from
what I can gather it went down the drain
so it's someplace around here and then
the tidal wave came and then he
basically telegraphed that he will do it
again tomorrow
you know we've got bigger problem
then people being washed off the boat
and the mission being one day behind you
know we're sitting ducks your your your
gorilla friend is working to free the
propellers are you suggesting that once
we're free we not head to gray dragon
island I'm suggesting that we we get
out of here as soon as possible and even
if the propeller isn't free tomorrow
there's gonna be another incident so we
need to prepare for I I can't even I
can't even think of what it would be
next
how does Peng you know where we are he's
got ways yes he is a he seems to be a
you know and we use some serious side I
here well I mean he's aware that you are
not that there's a there is a a there's
a a lot not being said to hear I'm too
so but again we are we should make best
possible speed to the island and begin
the assault right I mean if you think
it's best with the number of people that
were down again that's not my biggest
concern my biggest concern is living
through tomorrow if you know if we if we
make it through tomorrow I think we
should re-evaluate and do some
calculations listen to me
talk in numbers and logic and stuff
doing some calculations to see if taking
the islands is actually feasible after
you know potentially what will come
tomorrow
and what losses we made may may incur if
we retreat will he still be able to do
that to us does the question is does he
have reason or can we
feign the fact that we're you know we've
suffered too many
says we need to go and regroup well I
mean I could try radioing him but I
and what would you say if you could
communicate with him well how how will
think I think he has ways to understand
I mean how did he figure out where we
are in the middle of the ocean and send
the tidal wave I think a bonus died on
this one he continues to get yeah he
didn't reel quite well enough for that
but he continues to give you side eye
you have inspiration you know I'm gonna
use it inspiration yeah that's a great
idea duck just get to use her
inspiration okay for the swim role when
I'm paddling on her back yeah taro
will look at you and he will just
flat-out say you are not telling me
everything
well yeah no kidding I mean where do you
want to start with everything I mean
seriously how much do you want to know
and how much are you willing to believe
versus can we just deal with the problem
at hand
how does pen you know where we are um
if he I mean if he is as powerful as you
say why did you even why did we even
attempt this if we assume that with you
with your forces and marshalling a
couple other potential allies that we
could have taken the island and now
you're revisiting that I'm the only
reason why I'm revisiting it is the fact
that we're stuck and do your allies know
that you're stuck at this point now and
and what are your allies doing I
honestly can't remember cuz that was two
weeks ago
as far as you know the new China front
is assaulting the island yeah so as far
as I know plans are still processing
the captain of this the captain of the
ship wishes to turn around the ship has
been damaged mm-hmm in my estimation we
still have enough firepower to level
that island if we can get there yes that
is true
how did Peng hue tell you that this
would happen again he's communicating
psychically only with you know with
others that's concerning do you think
that pen hue is tracking us through that
communication most likely we're about to
communicate with anyone that I'm on that
I don't know if we get this boat moving
in the next hour or two I believe we are
about a half day from grey dragon island
mm-hmm do we continue the assault let
me confer with my compatriots but I just
essentially came to warn you that if we
sit here for more than if we sit here
for 24 full day we'll encourage more
damage he'll send something else if if
we return we will need to return to a
Japanese Navy base
mm-hmm yeah I understand I'm on a
Japanese ship I can't just roll into
Shanghai yes well very well confer
with your friends your words your
collective words carry a great deal of
weight in my decision-making the captain
also carries a great deal of weight and
as I've told you he believes we should
turn around I understand now that I know
that you have allies who are probably in
great danger right now my my thinking is
that we need to assist them uh-huh
but again your words will carry a great
deal of weight okay so I go back
downstairs and wait for everybody to
come back together you are all together
down there okay
I talked to taro and he said that they
do believe that they can get the boat
moving again within a half-day the
captain I did let taro know that pen he
does have means to probably track not
you know I mean track us by
communicating with us and that he will
send something again within 24 hours the
captain wants to turn around the taro
two targets the distinct feeling that we
should not and I just let him know that
we would decide collectively if we
choose to continue or retreat something
also that he said that I found
interesting is that he feels that he has
enough enough firepower on the ship
still to take the island we were to the
island how far how much time was that
another four hours yeah yeah no he was
important from what I remember I mean he
said that we could probably get the ship
going in about an hour or two and then
it would be like a hackney to get there
yeah what does that mean long till we
get there you'd probably get there mid
morning of the next day
less than 24 hours correct mm-hmm and we
have forward I think we're going to do
it we need to get this guy yeah why is
everyone looking at me
it's zoom we're just looking at boxes in
character look I don't like it we're
outmatched and outgunned as evidenced by
it but I also don't think that we can
make the odds any better in our favor at
this point what else if we go back to
Shanghai what will we pull on well what
could we do we can't go back there
there's an awful awful woman there well
that's close we've got to see this
through the Dutch just takes one bridge
at the when you say awful woman oh god
can you imagine now I mean it's it's a
terrible idea but there isn't a better
one so onward I suppose okay because I
mean if we go back what do we do oh
[Music]
that's that's for damn sure
well if he sees us as retreating maybe
he won't maybe he'll get the distinctly
triumphant British thing and that a
thinks are weak and he'll still go after
us hard I don't I I don't think he would
I think he would be more like a cat
batting around an injured mouse and then
the next attempt when we come back the
second time what what would we bring
that we don't have now as dealt a plan
now that a plan a plan maybe but I mean
as you pull as you point
doubt to taro Emma yeah I don't think we
have the option of stealth . and i want
this out thank you very much
sorry for the podcast listeners we're
all pointing at our heads yes they all
want lobotomies you know think yeah i
was like we could faraday cage our
brains no oh the Amigo would be happy to
help with that because i mean we can't
come back with stealth because he has a
direct line into your heads we can't
come back with more forces because who
would we pull on and going back we might
still get wiped out so the situation is
terrible but i think we have to see it
through
course okay alright so long story short
i just let him know that word we move
forward as fast as possible taro is
taro is very gung-ho about that and um
they get the engines up and running and
you are underway shortly they estimate
that you will be at grey dragon island
10:00 a.m. tomorrow tomorrow morning he
looks at you with a little bit of like a
crazed look isn't in his eyes I suggest
you get some rest tomorrow will be a
glorious day
they've got booze on this ship right
they have sake we brought some as well
and if booze so the ship is very dour
like when it gets underway and it
doesn't turn back the mood on the ship
gets really not great anybody gonna do
anything before we get to the island I'm
gonna get as drunk as a gorilla can get
I'm gonna try and get more first aid
from the medic guy alright yeah they're
game stuff yeah everybody will get
three more points okay okay thank you
everyone that needs it we'll get three
more points yeah I'm probably before hmm
I'm good as I actually can't record
damage on the character sheet because it
doesn't go high enough just right on
your smile on your screen just take a
you know
oh it was three damage it had three
damage before did I take more damage
from the tidal wave compensate the three
damage that I'm healing now yeah you're
still at three damage still three damage
okay
I'm gonna find a a quiet ish corner of
the deck tucked away it's in kind of a
corner and just land
drink it drink it drink some wine or
whatever I can find and watch the stars
because it's like you know possibly the
last night not on this earth all right
we'll join Alexandra okay I will too but
not in the same I'm just drinking I'm
gonna make myself unconscious about
it's about 1:00 in the morning everybody
yeah all right anyway hard success all
right so so Emma missed everybody else
made it
Emma make me a luck rule my Luck's
terrible still ooh yeah 14
I definitely I'm lucky today nice all
right so there's a weird unit mind
thing that happens for everyone has
about 1:30 in the morning you're all in
various stages of enjoying a lovely
beverage over beverages and you all just
sort of a meet all at the same time in
your head go hey whatever happened to
that other baby mm-hmm I looked for it
I'm pretty sure it turned into goo on
the propellers
[Music]
and at that point Emma where are you
drinking are you drinking I don't know
um yeah outside maybe all right so
you're kind of sitting by yourself on
the deck all right so you made the luck
roll so out of one of those hook vents
that ships have that I have no idea what
are for and I'm out of one of those you
hear that that that running baby noise I
so I'm gonna take my bottle begrudgingly
it moves my frying pan and go up to the
vent all right
you come up to the vent and make me a
sandwich my director Tom I don't know
46 do I make it now I miss it you've got
inspiration if you want to use it I
think yes cuz your yeah your your sand
is pretty good not if she missed it with
a 46 it's not mm-hmm
okay should we inspire yes yeah do it
okay
it's not better but it's not a fumble
sanity as you like poke your head over
mm-hmm and you see a small maybe the
size of like a small child but it's a
skeleton it's a human skeleton and it is
nying on the arm of a probably drowned
corpse it's just sitting there like is
so I'm just care
is ice cream and whip the bottle of
liquor at it okay make a throw roll is
that under tea yes it is your knowledge
of the alphabet remains unpaid near the
end may the end of the list second from
the end okay I'm just like what nah oh
nice seventeen so I make it I don't make
that off you wing this bottle at the
poor Ray Harryhausen baby and there is a
crash and let's see whoa
alright you like knock the head off
of this baby you just did eight points
you are drunk so it is like your
superpower yeah drunk sword fighting
zone right so you just hook this bottle
and the heaviest part of the bottle just
crunches into the jaw and there's this
crush noise and the the the small child
looks up at you almost sadly given that
it has no eyes or you know anything like
that and then it just crumbles into
bones do we hear her scream scream
scream you're all staring waiting for a
reaction from her from what she has just
done no I'm like at this point I'm
yeah I like when I hear Emma scream I'm
built up right and moving that in that
direction already driving when you get
there you see Emma trying to burn bones
with with she is flambe in bones and
it's not really having much in effect
but the bones are not moving there is
the skeleton of a is that that's that's
the spider egg thing i I'm assuming that
alcohol would let this thing burn but
it's not burning very well and I just
keeps licking
she's at it we might need some of the
stocking for that the is not moving at
all there's also the be the removed arm
of a Japanese sailor that has bite marks
on it something smells good over here
oh I'm just gonna like look at that and
like with with the toe of my shoe
carefully nudge it overboard because you
know what needs to see that all right
that would be much more disgusting if
that came from
silvano and not Flint are you nudging
the bones overboard as well I'm going
to wait on the bones because the r-mo is
just its food as far as I can tell so
I'm waiting to see what we've what
happens with the bones because it came
from somewhere and I'm sure that we all
are thinking those of us who had the
intelligence mind meld oh good
but also what if this thing comes back
together so yeah there is a you know
there's the horror movie moment where
all of you are like standing over these
bones for an uncomfortably long right
time just like if it moves yes and and
that's about like five minutes and the
bones do not move we just smash the box
and just like turn it turn them in into
into body you start rising these bones
I'm just drinking and watching no you
couldn't do this just by picking it up
and squeezing really hard it's on fire
no it's not she's not succeeding and
lighting it on fire there's fire around
it I'm just burning the alcohol off of
it basically is what's burning yeah you
know Emma
of course there's fire around it I mean
your folks use the ship's boiler if you
really wanted to mmm if I get a handed
something I'll just pulverize it like
I'll like retrieve the skull out out of
there and hand it up to you
it starts smashing the skull against
like a steel wall and it it pulverizes
pretty quickly I
I'm almost upset that I didn't get to
look at it but you know I'm let's just
like sweep the shards off of the ship
yeah all right the skeleton has been
dealt with and the the Baroness did the
Duchess Doggett the Duchess does not
have anymore
she doesn't seem to have any more
episodes that's good wonder they were
induced mm-hmm yeah as soon as I'm sure
that things have calmed down in bed I'm
gonna I'm gonna look at Donilon then and
then head back to the stargazing spot
and be like yeah so the next morning
Dawn's with the courage that only
hangovers can bring there are bowls of
rice and some some broth for everybody
and you see in the distance gray dragon
island it is a smallish island it's kind
of like if Angel Island didn't have any
trees and was a terrible place to go but
it actually it it looks like it kind of
slopes into kind of a point and I mean
you know that it there's a volcano there
as it's an evil Island it goes without
saying so taro will will tell you
that you'll they'll be within firing
range of their main guns in about 20
minutes and is there any reason he asks
to not just fire it will ya potential
friendly fire yeah we should take a look
at the island with our binoculars or
whatever telescope you've done who are
the friends that on this island American
fellow and some resistance fighters he's
recruited they have a tank resistance
fighters but
I note the pregnant lack of answering
some Chinese resistance fighters I don't
know whether called but our fellow Brady
is his name he's he's basically AK
Brady
that's correct yes he's duped them into
working for him and helping him out on
this invasion you induced the new China
front to assault this island why not end
of the world right he gives the captain
and yeah sure enough about ten minutes
later the destroyer broadsides to the
island and just starts blanketing it
with fire kaboom kaboom kaboom should
we mention the potential of nevermind uh
um
anybody who wants to can have
field-glasses I do yeah so as you're
watching it looks like you see a bunch
of people getting very far away getting
blown to pieces by guns you don't see
any structures on the islands those
people definitely seems to be on on the
beach there seems to be a massive people
but it they're super far away there you
just see like masts a massive figures
and they are kind of just standing there
we see a tank anywhere in the
neighborhood or or perhaps I don't
vessel and that's pulled up near that
isn't us
you don't see any ships and the massive
figures are they wearing any uniforms
that look familiar
it's you're too far away can we pick up
general color it did man it seems like
they're wearing I mean there's there's
like bits of
white and black that could be cultists
to us those colors not really I mean you
never really saw the new to any of ya
uniforms if they even have them it
does seem like it's just it's people in
street clothes it could be carcass but
it could be yours and so again you're
seeing like bodies just kind of like
flying up into the air from they're not
trying to move out of the way they're
just standing there that's right god
that feels so cultish what is it a boy
can you tell if they're I mean I'm
assuming everybody's kind of thinking
about this and I just like I keep I poke
flint I was like can you tell if it's I
mean if they're just standing there is
it a decoy like
is are they even people they could be
they could be ours and there are under
some sort of spell
like maybe they I kind of think we
should have taken a small boat and
gotten a little closer to see what the
situation was before just opening fire
well it's right here we are we know that
they will I remember something about an
underground place as well right we were
told that no structures were ever
observed on the surface of the island
and so we assumed things were underneath
in the volcano we're assuming evil
volcano lair isn't that how it always
goes yeah I wonder if we can get them
down to it to show the volcano itself I
wonder what that would do we did tell
the new China front to show up on a
particular side of the island right and
we told them a little to be a little bit
later than we would be but we're also
behind so yeah but we don't we don't see
a tank and that's something massive we
would have yeah you feel like you would
see a tank yeah and as we're talking
they're still shelling the island now
remember you are not circling the island
this they are staying right where they
off the mass of men on the beach and
they are just
blowing away those guys I'm your there's
a there's a side of the island that is
he says questioningly are you sure I'll
have to get closer to take a look we can
examine the bodies when we arrive on the
beach and then decide if we're still
okay with it after a after a couple
minutes of unbarred Minh they cease fire
and they all start you know like a bunch
of a bunch of the captain and taro have
filled glasses and they're looking and
there are just a beach full of bodies a
circle well yes yes cuz this can't mean
it
no feeling that they would
and I'm almost wondering if we should
have them hang back and if we should go
and do some initial scouting we need to
take some of them with us do we see any
other targets or potential targets
that's know they they they you know
they're they're looking to conserve
ammunition so once there were no targets
they stopped firing do they have a
smaller like a motorboat or something
that would be faster for doing a pass
around the island yeah we have a small
skiff yes do we want to do that see if
we can spot any other structures do we
have binoculars bill glasses nothing big
offer proper proper my day long yeah I
do like the idea of taking another boat
or something around so we could see what
else there is no risk with it whatsoever
and definitely let's not bring a radio
back to the main ship where taro can
come rescue us as we go around the back
side and find that that's actually where
everything is for real and this
just employ okay no radio no life
preservers 100% also want to make sure
that we exclude as we do this
yeah no no survival kit no food no
birthday get this off of here it's gonna
slow us down no I mean it should no
grenades hey Emmet just loads the boat
with fireworks okay so in actuality
there will be a radio there will be a
first-aid kit we are bringing explosives
and there is a bicycle yes so I say we
bring some more firearms to the guys can
the taro asked if any of you can pilot a
boat for God I've learned not to ask
it was a good question hen and one pilot
the boat I a little bit of navigate but
nothing what about drive wait is it
navigator is it pilot pilot pilot pilots
even worse I was just thinking I have a
little navigate I don't have any pilot
no I have navigate I think we need a
pilot yeah drive auto won't help I got
good bath I can send a man along he
will not speak English what are some
major key words that we need to
communicate starting River retreat I
will give him his orders missus a
reconnaissance mission you are not to
set foot on the island good good
so a grenade launcher what's the word
for danger should we see something that
is dangerous and need to immediately
turn it around he will turn around
you can if you scream he will get the
idea okay perfect perfect the don't
scream once we get a little ways out but
not you Flint you definitely tax this
poor little boat so there's some there's
some shifting around of other other
people on the boat as Flint's on one
side every
else on the other I figure I try
imbalance in the middle cuz I'm too far
in the back from too far in the front
it's all just gonna so yeah you will you
will peel off from the ship and you you
know you you get about a mile from the
island and now you can see when you look
with your field glasses you can see the
charnel that is that Beach and you see
the bodies of maybe a hundred Asian
soldiers so we think that they were ours
they're all wearing like street clothes
they're not there's no uniform or
anything like that but we know they're
soldiers do we think they're on the did
they have there were weapons okay
did they of my brain shut down never
mind everybody who is looking with field
glasses make me a spot hidden Roy let me
know if you get a hard success regular
success all right so I'll gender and mo
well you are sort of scanning the field
you would swear that a a couple of the
bodies move and start to like you know
they they don't stand up or anything
like that but they you know a couple of
the bodies definitely shift do they look
like you they look like the the throws
of people who are in the process of
dying or does it look different no it
looks different does it look like what
Flint does oh that's an excellent
question cuz we've seen that a tiny bit
yeah
a tiny bit I'm gonna reach over and put
a hand on Donald shoulder and say I
don't think they're dead what do you
mean they're not dead they're decoys
they're there
they're doing what Flint does their
undying yeah you will notice that they
they are definitely you know starting to
like compose themselves oh yeah that
do we give glasses to the pilot and oh
let's not spook him this is just
reconnaissance okay
okay I just I'm just saying I don't want
them to start swimming cuz they can't be
around we're gonna go around we're gonna
go around alright so you are now coming
around the island right and yeah you
will come around the island as you come
around the island you will see you will
see more men who who have a shambling
kind of motion to them we've seen a very
familiar motion to anybody who was in
yeah like I was and Ray goes white and
and as you as you come around you find a
Cove that has a bunch of scuttled like
destroyed ships like small craft one
larger boat and and you catch sight of
the tank the tank is moving but it yeah
the tank is moving anybody that wants to
can take a closer look at the tank your
truck
yeah yeah tank piloted by zombies yep I
can't tell make it a hard success on a
spot hit regular I think my sanity
thanks me for it did anybody get a hard
success okay so so the Train yeah the
tank is is moving around it seems to be
operating it's not firing on anything or
do or really doing anything it's just
kind of patrolling it seems like I lost
happened and sitting in your boat is
surah Bree Penn Hugh is intangible we
ran off so who all right make me a make
me a fight roll Flint it's not just a
dextral to grabbin you're pouncing right
yes a pounce roll now I'm a little short
all right so we're counting pounce the
chances of it being worse I mean unless
you really want me to your four I would
love a fumble here do it do it do it do
it do it I mean we're the chances of
fumble are only like oh those are famous
last words
whoa but she's a poor Evert just a
ninety one that time all right so so all
of a sudden he says he says that and
Flint just faster than any of you can
think leaps right at him with this
animalistic growl and he goes right
through him and like smashes down to the
that the the front of the boat once we
roll to capsize yeah I'm grabbing onto
the side of the of this game because I'm
not going on yeah I'm not going
overboard again
uh-uh Penn you Penn you says I'm glad
you left that boat
and the the pilot is freaking out at
this point in fact how much is the pilot
freaking out oh the pilot is freaking
out you are heading back to the ship
he's like he makes a hard turn can
you just say thank you thank you so much
for the the natural resources to create
a new army of Cara Siri now thank you
for leaving that tomb that you were in
because I have a present for each of you
because each of you have caused me a
great deal of pain and he like that he
coughs and you can see like a little
blood oh not not me my gift to you is
that you are going to survive today and
you're going to leave here knowing that
there is nothing you can do to avoid
what will happen in January and you will
have to live with that knowledge as I
but you won't be taking that back and as
he says this you have come around the
island and there is the destroyer it's
about it's about a mile away and in
front of you did you ever when you were
a kid read those books that were like
here is something like they would take
it like a spaceship and take it apart
and you would see a cross-section of the
entire thing that happens to the
destroyer right in front of you as just
every single piece of it every
individual piece of the destroyer starts
floating in the air
apart from every other piece you see
almost a hundred and fifty men fall into
the water immediately the
as enticingly holding it together my I'm
looking for the Duchess like with my
binoculars I'm like do I see her
well that is lovely you cannot miss her
she she is she is a major lump in the
water
um and the boat is pulled apart and it
just floats in the air every single
piece of it apart you thought that that
the technology could do anything to the
power of the Elder Gods you brought me
all the sacrifices I could need
I created this army of Kara ciri now I
have more sacrifices and come January
when the eclipse happens the dark sultan
will return the Pharaoh will bring the
darkness to this world and you will live
the rest of your short lives knowing
that there was nothing you could do
about it and that is my victory and as
he says that is my victory like the
image that you're seeing gets distracted
for a second and all of a sudden the
image that you're seeing there's
nothing like this in the 20s but there's
that hologram kind of kind of thing that
happens with him [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and then you
hear him say Stanford what are you doing
and you hear chanting and you hear
Stanford's voice say yes a sacrifice is
required and you see pingu's head popped
back and a knife just goes across Penn
Hughes throat I'm watching with with
with with professional and pen use body
slow
and pen whose head remains and Stanford
all I needed was a sacrifice of
sufficient power I give you your freedom
never return here he drops the head and
everything fades and you are now alone
in the South China Sea in a motorboat
with a with a pilot who does not speak
your language and is really trying to
figure out what the hell just happened
he's like rapid-fire Japanese just
trying to like understand and he is
motoring towards the remains of the ship
yeah floating in the air people our
people our own people all in the water
their translator
yeah that was my question is did
somebody bring the translation with us
or the scrolls with us yes we need to
get him especially all right so yeah
he's motoring back there's no way like
this boat will get swamped as soon as it
gets close to there so are you the sort
of people that can boot sailors off of a
boat to only save the people you want to
save I mean physically I was asking more
emotionally I mean there's have no other
way to save them there isn't anything
extra do we have a radio because and a
first-aid thing and his bicycle and some
explosives so we could radio somebody an
SOS just I don't know how to do any of
these things do but do it can you jump
off the I mean I'm assuming that there's
also there are life preservers and
potentially other like life rafts
other than like it's very trying to get
people to those
everything just exploded right
everything just went in pieces well but
it's all did not explode to be clear it
was simply torn apart to its component
pieces it was disassembled by the grace
reaction right so there's no more boats
or anything on it well we don't know
that like the life preservers were all
disassembled we can find life preservers
and try and match them up with sailors
what the very old boats they're in the
cove around the corner with a lot of
with a hell of a lot of car serie around
us yeah pen use dead I'm sorry
well he was her freedom as long as we
never came back whoa Emma and Joan yes
make me pal rolls uh-oh don't want to
well I don't cuz it's a 73 again what is
what that number I know I didn't make it
all right so you both when retconning
this I should have known as Penghu dies
and you both get like a shock you feel
something being severed from you oh good
I'm assuming it hurts though it's not
like oh but no good I'm I'm I'm yes Oh
Thank You al it's a good kind of pain I
like a broken limb being snap back into
place yes all right listen listen we we
take this boat in the massive elbows men
the boat all strong so we have to get
something else to bring them we need to
get life preservers Nellie and stop
short along the edge and I'll jump out
you have to get art we have to get our
gaiden to stop how no our guide
understands English this guy this guy
the driver I meant see if he'll if he
enjoyed doing mine stopping stop you
pick him up and
I was trying to mind but that works you
yeah that so he is he's no longer as a
hand on the throttle yeah I slow it down
he is he is even more scared now that a
one-ton gorilla has picked him up
Shh okay it's okay
that doesn't help surprise all right I
wasn't I wasn't one of the people who
had you know was looking out and things
like that is there any way I could have
picked up maybe how to drive the boat a
little bit sure we were I'll try it so
I'd like to do that so slower but in
sort of maneuvering we're gonna need to
make some rolls but yeah yeah okay more
stopping cuz he's got Flitz got the guy
so I will just stop about in though the
pilot is like looking at the rest of you
not at Flint pointedly and is like
saying something in in hysterical
Japanese he's scared yeah yeah no and
and it's like we need another boat
listen can we salvage anything from
those boats that were in the other Cove
there were many boats over there he must
be able to salvage something we can use
I mean possibly but we would have to get
up there and try to get them off of the
beach while there are hoards of
shambling Cara Cirie immediately in
there and I think the last time I dealt
with cars Cirie
no thank you yeah car Cirie aren't human
right they were they were operative word
being were actually a really interesting
question I don't I look forward to
finding the answer out so stage one
let's get as many floatation devices to
people that we can especially find taro
so he can communicate to the rest if
they are ship their boats on the other
side we might be able to retrieve
however there are zombie things on the
so you start you aim the boat towards
the mass of humanity that is you know
like there's a lot of the best of
humanity as people are trying to help
each other and there's a lot of the
worst of humanity as people are just
like I got mine get away you know
there's one guy who is on a like found
something that is floating and he is
holding on to it and like other people
try and come up and he's just elbowing
them and just trying to keep them away
can I can I put the pilot down jump in
the water and starts I would love that
mm-hmm the pilot would love that get him
in the back of the boat or wear it away
from the steering hopefully someone
else's towards the front and I'm gonna
jump out and try and organize stuff I'm
steering okay you yeah you jump out it
is I mean how are you going to keep I'm
like first thing I'm looking for a float
a trip for a floatation device that
isn't being used even if it's just like
wood or something and then I'm just
gonna try and match it with people who
look like they're struggling so there is
some wood that's floating around there
are some people and life preservers
there's no lifeboats or anything like
that Thada he did not survive and and
I'm shouting for taro as he can speak
English and he might be able to
communicate that they're okay I could
tell that there's boats on the other
side and that he can communicate that to
others then it's wait here
we can get you boats so again I'm gonna
ask you the unfortunate question there
are sea here at least a hundred people
hungry there are ten Japanese sailors
who are trying to climb in your boat I
jumped out of the boat I don't have to
deal with this moral dilemma okay there
how many people can we get if we had a
Flynn now we don't have a Flynn in the
boat can we land a couple people in the
boat yeah there's some ton gorilla so I
think the boat can take more people now
yeah I mean you don't know how many more
people it could take I'm gonna let these
guys on question there's also a surface
area question all right well but these
guys who are right there on the boat and
we let them on
then I'm gonna back out all ten of them
Sarah there are there are five got there
like five more guys who are swimming
pell-mell for your boat I know but we're
gonna back out we're gonna back out and
right so you pulled ten guys up yeah
when you get it you get a arm on the
boat as it as you start to back away the
five guys are just screaming as you are
pulling out oh no I wouldn't words I
don't have an arm on the boat okay okay
no I was leaving the boat finding
floatation devices of any sort and
trying to map those guys get those guys
Flint and I'm looking for taro okay and
and so you are just the boat is gonna
sail away from well I think it's
motoring away yeah yeah all right the
five guys like try and swim after you
for a little bit and then they just give
up and they're like you know they're
they're sad you are
Flint make me a dice rolled or a roll
some dice a spot hidden roll to find ya
regular success all right so you find
you're not gonna find enough floaty
things for everybody who's here yeah
with a with a regular success you find
taro who is trying to like he has the
the captain he's like folded over
unconscious dead who knows what on a a
floating wooden beam and taro is next to
him and he's trying to like get people's
attention and yell and it's not being
very successful yeah I mean I'm just I'm
gonna start explaining the situation
that going towards the island their
zombie things don't go towards the
island there are some boats on the other
side that we think we can get and bring
them around but it might take a while
and that if he can just get people to
calm down and wait that we can get
people on boats and maybe if he can tell
them like there's some sort of hope that
it'll calm some people down and they'll
start thinking a little more rationally
see if
all right that's not bad so yeah taro
starts to like yell in Japanese and he
it looks like everybody that's kind of
within the sound of his voice is trying
is doing pretty well but that looks like
maybe about half of the people that are
out here the rest of them there's like a
ton of people swimming towards the
island
well there are lost cause but if there's
any that are just that are just further
out I'll keep looking I'll just keep at
it until the my friend's boat comes back
taro by the way is like transfixed at
the the destroyer above him that is
still just floating there we'd love to
be able to get them out of there can
I Drive around and you know maybe maybe
we can help find some more things and
I'll come back around to Flint if you're
gonna come here people people are gonna
try and get your if I see if I see the
I'm keeping an eye out every soften for
the boat if it looks like it's coming
back I'm gonna try and get further out
so I can get on without the people you
can easily gorillas are not good
swimmers but when they don't care about
drowning you know it's much less of a
thing so you can easily outpace these
guys and give them avoiding drowning
yeah that well the goal is to avoid
drowning that is true so yeah you will
make it to the boat you don't think you
will fit in the boat right now with ten
other sailors in it but I can hang on to
it we have 10 new sailors to get new
boats yes so the pilot is talking to the
ten sailors and you're a little
uncomfortable with the way they're
looking at all of you yeah they're gonna
try to really now that the Gorillaz back
you're more comfortable yes
they now have a healthy fears yes all
right
should we go get the boat she would go
get this guy think you guys should keep
a distance and all Shh we need to put me
and bring me down
it's not safe that'll that'll be the
signal yep I'll be the signal
all right so you start to what you
you're gonna you're gonna like get kind
of close to the beach and then just let
him off we're gonna go over to where the
boats were yes yeah when you get close
to the boats well let's see yeah a
couple of the sailors are just gonna
jump off and try and start swimming
towards those boats okay
Oh grab any one that I can and put them
back up and just give a horrible
guttural growl stay in the vote rally
yes they stay in the boat growl all
right yeah that will your growl will
keep them in the boat they they think
about jumping towards the boat but you
you you convince them otherwise
at least including you well I'm gonna
like I'll try and do some hand gestures
pointing at the bubble pointing at me
I'm gonna like I will bring the boat
here they'll wait angry gorilla that is
no that is I can I could translate yes I
can into human gestures yes yeah so we
translate angry gorilla gestures into
human gestures in a swim and bring the
boats back for us just wait wait wait
it'll be okay up you don't need to make
a site called room they're just looking
that's okay right I'm gonna go get a
boat everybody but Flint I would like
well your next call through all gonna
have psychology like you know anybody
who made it he's a little worried that
when Flint leaves there could be a
mutiny I've got my grenades I just I
just straight out pull one out and I'm
like try me I mean I I see this is well
and I did it's like casually pull out
two of my diapers and twirl them and
just like sorry so so flick
you start swimming towards the island
and as soon as Emma gets a sense that
the eleven guys are like there's 11 of
us in four of them the gorilla is gone
she just pulls out a grenade and as soon
as she does like almost all of them just
like fall over the side of the boat and
they're like holding on to the side of
the boat but they're just like very
worried and then you've got things under
control and they will start swimming
towards one of the one of the boats in
the harbor there I don't want to be near
a grenade yet when I tried I tried
so Flint you are swimming up to shore um
and now you're very glad the boat didn't
come in because it gets it gets shallow
fairly quickly this is a quite actually
kind of because some of these boats have
kind of come aground yeah when the when
or maybe the tide was higher so um
making a spot hidden rule is that tank
coming for me let's find out what tank
nope I'm focused on the boat which both
these two pull out so yeah you find a
boat that seems like it's an okay shape
it looks like you're gonna have to get
on the beach and push it out to get
there I can't there are a few shambling
figures on this beach you're getting
foot alright I'm getting I'm grabbing uh
I'm not pushing I'm pulling alright that
way my back is to the water and I can
dodge if something happens I don't have
so yeah you start pulling this boat and
make me a strength roll on fumbling 89
right you are you are pulling it but it
is taking a pretty good amount of time
and you see some of the Japanese sailors
have now come up on another one of the
boats and they're trying to get it out
to water I've you know a much lighter
boat they're not going anywhere near the
gorilla
okay as long I'll keep an eye on them to
see if any of the things shamble towards
them so far you haven't seen any do I
hear a tank rolling towards us
you don't you make a listen rule
these don't be chanting now if just
barely nope
focused where are you here like
screaming immediately not from the
sailors very much from somewhere on the
beach you just hear like an anguished
wail I may as well okay alright I would
say that I have now that now the threat
of mutiny is gone I have filled glasses
up and I'm watching to see what's going
on sure so you see Flint pull the boat
out part of the way and then he seems to
like stop and he starts to like gorilla
up the beach I'm haulin this this
groovin and it will it looks like if you
like take the glasses down he's heading
towards the tank if I hear a tank I will
turn around you do not hear a tank you
just hear as as you come around the boat
there's a there's a dune and over that
dune you just hear a person it is it is
a unending just as fast as I can
all right you crest the dune and for the
second time tonight I will say that
you've seen a lot of things but you've
never seen anything like this make me a
sanity roll you should you should tell
me what it is before you say that you
don't you don't know everything about
that
oh god that is not a success all right
you are gonna lose for sanity geez
the tank is in fire soon as you are but
this tank is organic
this tank is wetter where there would be
armored plates it's like a carapace and
there's like skin between it I turn
around and it is screaming this tank is
just screaming in constant pain no
response make no sound I turn around
immediately do not draw the attention of
the flesh tank you you turn around and
you head back for the boat very shaken
by what you've seen it puts a little pep
Chinese soldier is kind of close to you
and when he sees you his mouth starts to
distend and it just does this corkscrew
thing near zero rocks nearby sure a
little rock at him alright make me throw
roll no eat the the rock doesn't go near
him but he he does not seem to he
doesn't seem to care like he's just
focused on you now and his mouth has
turned into this corkscrew drill run
it's like coming towards you with his
hands yeah I'm moving yeah you you are
faster than he is I will pick up another
rock when given a chance cuz I'm taking
it back towards longer you're not
sure you will get this boat out to sea
before he reaches you oh yeah I'll throw
another rock at him okay make a throw
roll him eventually with a 95 nah yeah
that's not gonna do it actually yeah you
throw it and it just hits him and he
ignores it like it just bounces off his
shoulder and he need to find something
bigger and he's too got a boat
like a tank tank apart hit him with
pieces of AK I am not touching that tank
do not touch a tank that screams the
first thing that you okay yep do you
when you're born parents stand over you
and they're like never touch a screaming
tank you know that's just advice for
everybody
mm-hmm think we've all had that talk at
one point in our lives
so yeah this this I mean like I said
you're gonna get the boat about halfway
out and then this guy will be on you
sure you can you can find you know you
can find something but you you you're
pretty sure that it's gonna be pummeling
that we'll deal with this person I'm
gonna put that off just for avoidance
you know yeah sure make a throw roll
because eventually just a 90 all right -
is this where like when he's on you
Asian would actually be I'll take
inspiration and yes I will take the one
oh my gosh all right an oh one that is
yeah you just like shotput you pick up a
rock that a human could not pick up and
you just shot put it and you it lands on
the things left leg and the leg is just
crunched under the rock and this thing
doesn't react it's still trying to
shamble towards you but it's pinned down
by the rock that is holding it in place
all right so you get that boat out the
the 10 sailors have gotten their their
boat out this appears to be some sort of
sailboat and so they are rowing and
sailing and they're just trying to get
out of here all right
mmm did the pilot go with them or did
the pilot stay on the pilot stayed on
the boat okay because I think he's got
oh he's got his orders
all right I'll get they'll bring I'll
try and what kind of boat is this is
this a sailboat no this is like this is
a small fishing boat so there's like a
small cabin yeah with the this the stern
and there you know you could probably
get 20 people's super crowded on this
boat
the pilots take the fishing boat right I
don't know one of these is harder we'll
ask the pilot with with gorilla sign
language John can use this boat so let's
have them use the other one can we latch
this boat onto the boat and have it pull
the boat over yes yes yes okay this boat
is noticeably faster than the little
noelia
the motorboat is faster right right so
all right let's lash it on and pull it
yeah we'll get this over to taro and
then okay that we're gonna do another
pass and have them actually give orders
to the pilot to communicate what we're
trying to do although I think the pilots
figured it out so you bring another boat
and people are gonna swarm these boats
again let's keep people off wait people
are farming worse and I'm gonna get this
Tatar oh yeah
all right you're just so you're you're
throwing people off as they are trying
to climb on your boat well I will give
them a very loud angry gorilla scream
all right
all so they can decide how desperate
they are they pull out the grenade again
we circle around and go straight for
taro we don't like go through everybody
because we know where he is now and we
know people around him are little calmer
because they heard over but at the same
point you know gorilla growls would be
very nice if so people wouldn't come
here so yes the gorilla brawls are very
effective for me go see if I can get the
spit spray going when I do them that is
always fantastic that is not code 19
yeah you you you can keep people off the
the the larger boat like you can keep
people off one of the boats our boat
boat is gonna get swamped cuz people so
I thought Emma was on the first boat
with the grenade and I'm on the back
book that's latched on okay yes that's
no problem
so yeah you are you can't imitating the
hell out of drowning men congratulations
the taro is like when when you pull
up that other boat taro just is gonna
have everyone he can just hold onto the
side of it he's gonna load the boat and
have everyone he can hold onto the side
of it I'm gonna explain to him that
there I think there are more boats that
we think we can get right probably okay
definitely like there's definitely been
some attention now yeah I don't know if
we can get it we have to try yeah I can
I think I'll try to get one more okay if
you can just keep people calm get the
the most injured people on this boat
everyone else can hang to the side and
if there's any way that that we can get
him to send some of his more capable
people with us and and tell him tell it
tell it tell them to pilot any of the
boats that you shove off into the water
well and if there's anyone that'll make
it more efficient if there's anyone able
help getting the I mean these are heavy
boats even for me help might not be a
bad idea but like the last group that we
brought just took off and we need people
who are more organized and so so this is
breaking down like people are you know
people are just losing it and the the
the people who swam towards the island
have started running into the cara seri
and started being devoured yeah and now
you see people swimming back you know
they're trying to swim back now seeing
the the first way of getting devoured
taro has very little control over people
trying to save these the everyone is in
desperation mode right now oh well I
brought us submachine gun with me I'll
hand that to him too taro yeah taro see
he refuses to get it a boat until
everyone else is safe yeah let's let's
go get
some more boats let's just go well and
and and and with you know thirty people
out of the water now mosz floating stuff
in the water I mean they're still like I
will pick him up and put him in the boat
and explained that if if these people
are not organized there's going to be
more death like he needs to take control
this situation he needs to be in the
boat here's a submachine gun made white
were why can't he radio for help we have
a radio know who I mean that right that
radio only wood was made to reach the
destroyer from the motor back okay do we
have eyes on our translator guy you
have can we can we find him because I'd
like to have him on our boat make me a
collective say hang on a second though
lonely Yeti 312 gave a thousand more
bits for nude ice for Flint so we have a
little more resting would add spice to
life I once got a hard success oh that
is a zero seven I'm trying to hold on
I'm trying to figure out if I got I
think I got a critical note was re
ultimate it's Alton no problem you know
I don't know what's at least it's hard
right the exciting sequel to watching a
me do math it's watch Nick do math at
9:30 at night no that's just that's just
a hard success well so we got a tote to
4/6 successes so that's great
yeah you find you're a translator and he
is like holding a satchel of papers like
over if I thought he'd be holding on to
the Duchess you have not seen the
Duchess Flint is my pen here
yeah well let's let's get that let's get
the translator and the stuff on this
boat yes which is this boat mine the one
I'm driving okay
the motorboat translator is now on on
the PC boat are and you're taking and
the other boat the the fish boat now has
like 30 guys hanging on it yeah and with
them and we have taro on on the boat
with us telling heat morale up there's
another boat coming have hope
don't lose your minds and sink each
other stupidly that message is very hard
to you know when the people who are not
the 30 people holding on to a boat are
not taking that message so well well
that freed up floatation devices mmm
it did not enough let's go people that
are coming back from the island yeah
tell him to tread water until we get
back
little did we get more people in this
book that are gonna help bring another
boat back sure yeah you have some people
on here to the right I'm gonna do that
uh taro tells them what you want to do
and they will go with you so as
you're coming around the island again
you see an inlet on the island and you
hear before and and you see a familiar
shape and a familiar voice as the
Duchess is on the beach and there is a
Cara Siri sort of like looming torrents
her throw her a sword and she has a
sword and she's slowly carving this Cara
she'll take care of Stanford we can go
home delivered
we've delivered the Duchess she will
glad she's been keeping up with the
sword mm-hmm
she seems quite she is she is slowly
carving this one poor Cara ciri to
pieces so yeah we're you will there
is now a small crowd of Cara ciri around
these boats because they have become
hunting grounds a little close
that's the rifle of you do we think we
can pick some of these off oh I could
take a couple but there's a little tube
more than a couple I think we had a
large monkey to go take care of business
there my friend I don't want to touch
those have a boat I am so much better
with the rifle let me pick a couple of
these off I'm a boat buddy grab about
you you can totally you both have rifles
you could just shoot them yeah and
before you go waiting in goodness
alright
no you flick you line up your rifle and
you fire and you take the head off one
and it just falls to the ground and then
the car series start walking out into
the water towards you yeah Alexandra's
like backed up against the far rail
above the boat like we need to go we
need to go who just will just bring it
we'll just bring it around a little
further this is good actually I'll go up
I'm gonna back it up back it up bring er
up to their necks and they are starting
to walk under water towards you a can't
drown yeah okay so let's let's take it
up back it up back it up and go off to
the side and let's I'll do a little loop
around I'll swim in and start if they're
off the beach I've died a car is Seri
after after surviving them in Peru I'm
going to come back to life just to haunt
you do they look like they're swimming
or floating or do they look like they
stay along the bottom right now it looks
like they're staying along the bottom
okay
they might float or swim I'm dude we
gotta go keep an eye on them yeah I
don't mean to swim in and the person
who's driving the boat is is wanting to
go usually the tie goes to the person
driving yeah I mean I've jumped off the
boat and I'm swimming
around all right yeah so Flint like with
Jones like we got to go and Flint jumps
in I leave the I leave the rifle on the
O because I'm not gonna water love I'll
take care of the Japanese sailors are
using your sign language like Go Go I'm
gonna have a hell of a time getting a
boat back there but so you as you
said the you know it seems like the
diversion is working you don't see any
Cara Seri as you come up on the beach
you find another fishing boat like the
one that you had that is in pretty good
shape and you start to pull it out make
me a strength roll again oh nice is that
a hard success well I mean it's not hard
to get a hard success hey for me you how
I roll I having one so you start to drag
this thing out and you've made really
good progress you are now waist-deep in
in the ocean and that's when you hear
the screaming next to you there is a a
small like there's a there's a a small
sailboat and you hear um
sailboat no it's a regular sailboat but
you hear the scream get louder and
louder and you see a head like it's a
head cannonball basically shot out of
the flesh cannon and this head smashes
into the sailboat and explodes how did
it find me our umbrella followed the car
searing and you sure enough you see
cresting the dune is the is that
horrible sight that is a tank that has
been made
somehow welded into a person and is just
causing that person constant intense
pain I think that's one person I don't
know you don't know I'd know I
that's not one person I know enough wow
this would be dating me there was a
there was an 80s cartoon called turbo
team where the kid actually turned into
a car and it was terrifying
because when he'd turn into a car his
mouth becomes the front of the car and
like the the image of turbo teen turning
into the car is just this beginning of
like this like leering grin becoming the
grill of a front car and have our teen
body horse
Hank is like all right time to go oh yes
what would be backing up and and didn't
you warn me about the flush dang yeah so
you are you are starting to pull pull
the boat out and this we obliterated or
is this just like the master oh the
sailboat is completely obliterated
oh well alright I let go despite the
fact that the the cannonball was like a
human head it was highly explosive yeah
yeah you don't know what you're pulling
you have a fishing boat another boat oh
um everybody that is still on the first
boat make me a spot hidden rule actually
make me a luck roll I like this better
you're mean oh yeah super hard I'm lucky
if I had no I'm just all right Donal
15 yeah more than that like the
difference between 89 and 36 is what
like 40 something no all right so
Emma you are everybody's cut you know
there's an explosion
everybody gets drawn to look at the
explosion and you look back and you see
a white hand on the from the water grab
the boat and then a second hand and then
a third and just hand like all these
hands start to grab the boat I thought
you guys tonight why didn't you guys
leave because think we had the guys that
we're gonna eschew that have the boat
right I don't get an action well you'll
get it you you will get an action at the
store
oh my gosh next episode we turn can I
handle adrenaline with everything that's
going on to get this boat out a little
faster well we'll see so Wow so that is
gonna do it this week let's see our
quotes
she can't be seasick she's been on boats
her whole life
I very gently reach into her decolletage
oh I forgot about that
Flitz doing something weird with rope I
think I got this guy's I know that's not
Oh Jersey expletive that's pretty yeah
yeah I think this would be the time to
not be lost at sea
that feels so cultish I'm okay with this
you do not touch a tank that screams and
always look for a flesh tank I think
always look for a thrash flash tank as a
strong leader in the clubhouse that will
certainly give us some interesting
surgery that's right yeah but it's but
it's perfect
right I mean you're not wrong just gonna
be interesting it's interesting thank
you so much for for being here with us
tonight this was a great episode there
was a chance depending on what they did
this would be a tepee cave but you know
they got they got Penn Hugh killed so
that's something so we will be back on
Saturday don't forget Monday its episode
three of Rick and Morty
the the one shot wasn't gonna be a one
shot now it's a Rick shot I guess
and Tuesday Tom our very tom is gonna be
running Cthulhu in space make sure
you're there for that if you haven't
already and if you haven't why haven't
you follow-ups on YouTube you can find
every episode of natural one of the Kaos
agents of all of our board games of the
Great Dane society you can find the
Duchess's very first appearance and I
think like episode three she showed up
early she's on the first boat I thought
she was in episode one yeah she was on
the very first we met her while we were
on the the cruise liner he's been in
more episodes than a couple of the PCs
so so again in Tuesday it's gonna be Tom
running Cthulhu and space for the Kaos
agents that's gonna be awesome then
we're back here Saturday to find out
what happens with I don't know what's a
wet version of a cliffhanger a boat
hangar and a waterfall if you haven't
already
like and subscribe on YouTube also join
our discord a great community all sorts
of interesting stuff going on there and
I think that's that's I mean there'll be
a new episode of the untitled podcast
somewhere in there I I heard from a
little bird named Emma that there are
some big names coming up on interviews
for the untitled podcast some some names
of designers of pandemics that you might
have heard of that are gonna be really
of exciting interviews so look for that
and I think with that we will see you
[Music]
